





                                       Written by

                              Mark Neveldine &amp; Brian Taylor





                                                           February 20, 2005







              EXTREME CU: PACMAN, from the old video game, just a yellow
              ball with a mouth, fills the screen in all it's lo-res glory.
              The camera tracks along as it rolls along a tight corridor,
              gobbling dots.


              EXTREME CU: A RED GHOST follows, in hot pursuit.


              EXTREME CU: PACMAN gives it the slip, cuts down and gobbles a
              big dot.


              EXTREME CU: RED GHOST transforms into BLUE GHOST, changes
              direction and runs. PACMAN chases ...
              P.. but just before he catches up the BLUE GHOST transforms
              back to RED and changes direction again. PACMAN barely
              escapes.


              PACMAN flees, but at every turn he is confronted by another
              ghost. The CAMERA pulls out in a series of jump cuts to
              reveal that unlike the old arcade game, this game screen goes
              E forever, an infinite maze ... and instead of the original
              on four there are thousands of ghosts at all sides, closing in.

              The sound of the game redoubles, reverberates, deafening ...








              This scene plays out as a continuous POV shot, right up
              until CHEV's face is revealed for the first time.)
              CHEV CHELIOS, wakes up in his apartment to a RINGING CELL
              PHONE, groggy, vision doubled ...

          1    .. from his POV we see him examine his hands, which don't
              feel right, don't want to move right.













               The CELL PHONE, coming from some other room, plays the PACMAN
               theme in beeps: BEE-DEE-DEE-DEEE-DEE-DEEE-DEE-DEE-DUM ...

               He tries to get out of bed, HITS THE GROUND. Plush rug,
               ultra modern bed frame, night stand, high tech stereo, the
               works.

               He crawls/stumbles into ...



               ... the living room, decked out by Kostabi paintings and
               glass furniture then into...


               ... the kitchen, with a black marble island and hanging
               copper.

               He jams his head under the Fossil sink and runs the water.
               He steadies himself against the matching black marble
               counter, staring at his hands ...

                .. tries to lift them and BANG!    He's back on the floor,
               stunned...

               All the while we hear the faint sound of his HEARTBEAT...

               ... slow: LUBDUB... LUBDUB... LUBDUB.

               He begins crawling back into...




               ... the living room, toward the telephone where he spots a
               plain black VHS tape propped up in front of a plasma screen
               TV with police ribbon wrapped around it, tied in a bow, like
               a present.


                                
                            Whathufuck?

               He grabs the thing, fumbles to unwrap it, shoves it into the
               VCR and pushes PLAY.



               It's RICKY VERONA on the SCREEN, a young, irritatingly slick
               EASTERN EURO ... little to no accent - fast talking,
               sarcastic, a complete dick ...











               We see him sitting on CHEV'S bed ... CHEV is visible in the
               frame, unconscious behind VERONA. Pale nicotine sunlight
               filters in through the blinds.   There are HOODS loitering
               around the room. It was apparently shot only hours before.

                The discernible sound of CHEV'S heartbeat will subliminally
               increase in speed and volume throughout VERONA'S monologue -
               the cell phone continues to ring, somewhere.)


                            What's shaking, douchebag? Thought I'd
                            give you the heads up. You're dead.

               On the TV - VERONA points into the CAMERA.


                            Yeah, that's right, you little bitch ...
                            if you're watching this tape it means
                            that I somehow resisted the urge to
                            dismember you and shove the pieces down
                            the garbage disposal ... opting instead
                            to poison you in your sleep. Yeah, you
                            heard me...

               We stay with CHEV'S POV as he flashes a frantic glance around
               the room. The LUBDUB of the HEARTBEAT is much LOUDER AND
               FASTER NOW; we really begin to notice it.


                            ... I fucking poisoned you in your sleep.
                            How sick is that?... for the satisfaction
                            of watching you squirm out your last
                            minutes knowing it was me that did it to
                            you, and there's nothing you can do about
                            it...

               Cut to high angle view from a hidden lipstick camera; CHEV is 5
               on his knees in front of the set, looking around ... we still
               don't see his face clearly.



                            ... that's right, you're on candid
                            camera, try not to embarrass yourself...

               Cut back to CHEV'S POV. He holds his head down over the               5
               carpet and shoves a finger in his mouth, GAGGING.




                            Let me guess, you're trying to puke the
                            shit out, right? Right? Don't bother...











                         the shit I gave you is some fucking high
                         tech sci-fi Chinese synthetic shit that
                         even I don't know exactly what the fuck
                         it is. All I know is once it binds with
                         your blood cells, you're fucked, baby...
                         and believe me, it's done binded. By now
                         you'll be feeling your joints stiffen
                         up... hard to breath...

               CHEV puts his hand on the left side of his chest to feel his

               heart. The BEATS of the heart grow louder still, but the
               rhythm falters, begins to slow ...


                         ... your heartbeat is slowing down like
                         there's rust in your veins... you're like
                         the Tin Man in the Wizard of freaking
                         Oz...

               One of the THUGS, ALEX, contributes from offscreen.


                             (amused by his own wit,
                              singing)
                         "If he only had a brain."


                             
                         Scarecrow. Whatever. You get the point.
                         You're fucked. You got maybe an hour,
                         max, tough guy ... baby ... sexy ...

               The THUGS are into it; VERONA is rolling. One of them comes
               up beside the bed and plants a big kiss on CHEV'S unconscious
               head.


                         Hey, it's been real. Probably should've
                         thought twice before you whacked Don Kim.
                         Experiencing a little 20/20 hindsight? I
                         thought so. Have a nice death...

               Finally the CAMERA reverses to reveal CHEV'S slack-jawed          6
               face, staring at the TV. CHEV is in his late 20s, handsome
               in an offhanded way. All of the background noise - the
               HEARTBEAT, the CELL PHONE - cuts to dead silence... and
               through the silence, a SINGLE WORD:


                         ... asshole.

               (A driving SOUNDTRACK kicks in.   The OPENING TITLES play over
               the following:)











               Finding a drunken man's strength, CHEV flips out. He rips
               the TV out of the stand, TEARING THE WIRES FROM THE GUTS OF
               THE WALL. He launches it straight into the floorboards with
               a BONE-BREAKING CRUSH.

               He KICKS over the rest of the entertainment system, JUMPS on
               it and heads out of the room.

               ROLLER DOLLY follows him on a STUMBLING RAMPAGE through the
               apartment and down the hall.

               By the door, in an ashtray with his car keys, he finds it:
               his God-damned CELL PHONE. Of course it stops ringing just
               as he picks it up. He pockets it, BANGS OPEN the front door
               and is out.



               ROLLER DOLLY stays with him through the door and down the
               hall, as a businesswoman peaks her head out the door - then
               SLAMS IT SHUT, terrified - and then down the stairs to the
               garage door.




               ROLLER DOLLY still on CHEV. He jumps up on the hood of a
               moving RED SPORTSCAR as it backs out of it's parking spot,
               walks right over it and hops off, clicking the keyless lock
               button on his chain in mid-air ... the door to his BLACK AUDI
               pops open ... he gets in.

               RED SPORTSCAR GUY is the sort of classic intolerable LA
               ASSHOLE we love to hate: platinum hair, suspenders, designer
               shades, programming his Blackberry while driving, etc.


                         This is a eighty thousand dollar ride,
                         cockwipe!

               CHEV backs out, runs him right over. CH-KUNK, CH-KUNK.
               CHEV'S AUDI blasts out of the garage and down the street.
               SPORTSCAR GUY holds his backwards leg in agony.


                             
                         You're a dead man!





               The ever-present HEARTBEAT is pounding.     CHEV whips out his
               cell phone and dials. A HORN BLASTS.










               CHEV quickly looks up and yanks his steering wheel to swerve
               around oncoming traffic.




               The CAMERA ZOOMS in on CHEV'S CHEST: it becomes JUST SLIGHTLY
               TRANSPARENT... we see the movement of his beating HEART SPEED
               UP with the near miss.

                he HEARTBEAT SOUND is amplified as we MOVE IN CLOSER.





               We see an old school tape answering machine pick up at her
               place:


                            Hey, this is Eve...

               This is apparently typical - she's an answering machine girl
               in a cell phone world. He holds back his frustration as the
               message plays.


                            I'm glad you called, but I'm not here.
                            Can you leave me a message? Unless
                            you're trying to sell something, because
                            I'm absolutely not interested. But if
                            you're not ...




               CHEV begins to POUND HIS HEAD against the steering wheel.


                            ... then just ... oh, wait ... time's up -



               SOUND: beeep!




               We hear CHEV'S car SQUEAL again...





               ... CHEV recovers from another near miss.
























                             hit!

               He clicks off the cell.       His eyes try to focus on the road.

                OTE: Through it all, the low beating of the heart - from
               slow to fast - sometimes barely audible, sometimes mixed way
               out front - clues us into the state of his adrenaline.

               He grabs up the cellphone again and punches in a speed dial.


                            Come on ...


                            Doctor Miles' office, may I help you?


                            Let me talk to him.





               CHOCOLATE, a too-skinny, cracked-out BLACK CHICK, sits in
               front of a multi-line phone in a broken down apartment.
               She's wearing a headset. She takes a long drag off her
               cigarette.


                                (a generic imitation of
                                 politeness)
                            I'm sorry, the doctor isn't in the office
                            at this time, may I take -


                            Where is he?


                            I beg your pardon sir?


                            Where - thefuck - is - he?

                In more SCREENS WITHIN SCREENS we see a 'WELCOME TO LAS
               VEGAS' sign, then DOCTOR MILES reclining on a massage table
               with a bunch of HOOKERS.)


                            I don't know sir, this is his answering
                            service, would you like me to have him
                            paged?














                           
                       Fine, yes, please let the doctor know
                       that Chev Chelios is a dead man if he
                       can't call me back within the hour... got
                       that?     C

                       Can you spell that for me sir?

          She searches the food and carton strewn tabletop for
          something to write with.


                       D-E-A-D.   Chelios... got it?


                       Yes sir...


                       Thank you.

           HEV hangs up.

          CHEV finds himself nodding off in the car ...

          The CAMERA ZOOMS back into his chest. This time it becomes
          COMPLETELY TRANSPARENT - we see his HEART BEAT SLOW DOWN:



          The CAMERA SWOOSHES down to CHEV'S FOOT as he STEPS ON THE
          GAS... then back up to the HEART as the ADRENALINE CRANKS HIM
          UP... the BEATING SPEEDS UP -



          ... and the CAMERA SNAPS back out to CHEV'S FACE as he seems
          to come to his senses.

          CHEV takes the cell. One-clicks, and sticks the phone in the
          cigarette adapter. Four rings. Finally someone picks up.


                       Hello?


                       Kaylo. My man. So, where were you last
                       night?

































               KAYLO is late 20's, slightly plump, hispanic, with gelled
               back curly hair. The room is unkempt. A woman in a robe
               shuffles by vaguely in the background, possibly his mother?


                           h, what's up Chev?


                          I said, where were you last night?









                          I ... uhh ...


                          Yeah, yeah.     You wanna know what I was
                          doing?


                          What?





                          What?


                          What? What? You heard me.      That son of
                          a bitch Ricky Verona.


                          Ricky Verona ...


                              
                          Who would've thought that little bastard
                          had the stones to come whack me in my own
                          crib... it's inconceivable... and yet,
                          here we are.


                          Where are we?

               Silence.



















                            I'm dead and you're simple. Now listen:
                            you put the word out I'm looking for
                            Ricky Verona. Anyone sees him you call
                            me.

               KAYLO puts his hands up in the air, dumbfounded.


                            I'm going to get that little son of a
                            bitch if it's the last thing I do... it
                            may actually be the last thing I do,
                            understand that? Copy me on that?


                            Ricky Verona?


                            Find him!

               Arriving at his destination CHEV clicks off, simultaneously
               closing KAYLO'S SCREEN IN A SCREEN, and shoves the phone into
               his shirt pocket as he screeches up the sidewalk.






                 run down street in Inglewood. The BLACK SABBATH CLUBHOUSE
               is a low lying pool hall/bar with a crude hand-painted sign
               reading BEER POOL DARTS. Motorcycles are parked out front.

                OLLER DOLLY from alongside CHEV'S car at high speed, break
               off and follow inside as CHEV parks haphazardly, rushes out
               and busts into the joint ...



               The continuous ROLLER DOLLY move takes us inside and KEEPS
               GOING. Eight or ten BROTHERS, some wearing motorcycle
               leathers, are scattered around the room, shooting stick,
               drinking, etc. CHEV BARGES IN, drawing a GLOK .45 from his
               coat and goes straight at ORLANDO - black, hip, 30's, better
               dressed than the others - who is at the center of a group of


                efore anyone has time to react CHEV has the GUN PRESSED INTO
               ORLANDO'S FOREHEAD and is pushing him through the place into
               the bathroom. Everyone scatters and takes cover at the site
               of the GLOK; firearms appear.















          CHEV locks the door, SLAMS ORLANDO against the far wall and
          starts circling around him with the gun beaded on ORLANDO'S
          forehead.


                           
                       Where's Verona!!


                           
                       It's cool it's cool it's cool!


                       Talk!!

          CHEV cocks the gun.


                       I'm talking! What are we talking about?


                       Don't fuck with me!!


                       OK, nobody's fucking with you, just calm
                       down ...




          There's BANGING on the door.    A BIKER yells from outside.


                       O-land-o! What's up!


                           
                       There's a white man with a gun in here, I
                       would prefer that he not cap my ass, so
                       please refrain from any sudden ass
                       bullshit!

                             to CHEV)
                       Now you see that? I'm trying to help you
                       here.

           HEV starts to chill out.


                       Look, I got to find Ricky Verona ...


                       Why would I know where ... ?














                     ... right, I know, you don't know where
                     he is, but you're going to tell me where
                     he is, or I'm going to BLOW YOUR BRAINS


          The DOOR BUSTS OPEN and a half dozen gun wielding BROTHERS
          crowd into the tiny room.

           otal mad chaos ensues, CHEV, ORLANDO and the BROTHERS packed
          in like sardines, everyone pointing guns at every one else's
          head, shoving each other back and forth, everyone screaming.
          The situation teeters at the very edge of an explosion of
          bloody violence.

          Finally ORLANDO cuts through the din with a booming voice.





           ILENCE - just the sound of CHEV'S heartbeat, pumping.


                         
                     Can we all just get along?   Can we?

          Beat.   CHEV'S gun is still trained on ORLANDO'S head.


                     Now Chevy here has something he would
                     like to discuss. So we are going to
                     discuss it. In a civilized manner.
                     Chevy? I believe you had a question, or
                     some point you were trying to make?


                     Where's Verona.


                     OK. I am not affiliated with Ricky
                     Verona.


                         
                     You pulled the Anselmo job together,
                     don't try to bullshit me ...

          He presses closer to ORLANDO ... the BROTHERS bristle ... the
          situation is close to blowing up again.





















                    Easy ... easy ... now things are
                    beginning to clarify ... you see how that
                    works? How discussion can lead to
                    clarity?

           HEV is running out of patience.


                    Clearly you are operating under a false
                    pretense. Ricky Verona and myself did
                    not "pull the Anselmo job together." In
                    fact, Ricky Verona fucked me on the
                    Anselmo job. In fact, Ricky Verona owes
                    me seventy five hunna dollars.


                    That's not how I heard it.


                    But that's the way it is. That's the way
                    it is. So you see, I don't know where
                    Ricky Verona is. Because if I knew where
                    he is, I would probably be there right
                    now, beating his Gucci ass down.

           tandoff. CHEV holds the gun with an unsteady hand, studying
          ORLANDO'S eyes, evaluating.

           hen, as much from exhaustion as from a sense that he's
          telling the truth, he lets his gun hand drop.


                    Alright.

          The room lets out a collective exhale. The BROTHERS mutter
          amongst themselves - damn right you better put that shit
          away, crazy bitch ass mother ...


                    Thank you. That's what I'm talking
                    about. That resembles civility.



          CHEV begins to fade again. He slumps back, looking as though
          he might pass out. One of the BROTHERS catches him, holds
          him up and shoves him away.


                    Shit dude, what's the matter with you?










                    Forget it. I just gotta find Ricky
                    Verona, that little bitch ...


                    I understand that. You've made that
                    point abundantly clear to all of us.

          He takes pity on him - CHEV really looks like shit. A few of
          the BROTHERS lose interest, begin to filter out of the room.


                    Now what can I do to help you?


                    Look, just give me some coke, OK?    You
                    got any coke?

          ORLANDO gives him the look.


                    OK, now you're insulting me.


                    Come on, man, I know you got coke.


                    You think every brother is carrying, is
                    that it?


                    Come on, I don't have time for this, just
                    give me something ... I'm really dying
                    here ...


                    I can see that.


                    No. You don't understand, I'm really
                    fucking dying ... if I don't ...
                        
                    May I just have some coke, please?


                    So this is medicinal use coke, that's
                    what you're telling me.


                    That's right.

          Beat.














                    Well?



                     hat?


                    You got something for me, or what?

          CHEV shoves his gun into his belt, pulls out a wad of tens,
          tosses it into the sink. He's visibly fading.

          ORLANDO takes a quick look over the wad, pulls a little
          plastic bag out of his vest pocket, tosses it to CHEV. The
          bag hits CHEV square in the forehead, hits sweat and STICKS.
          CHEV reaches for it lamely - it slides off and lands on the
          floor. His reflexes are not the best at this point.

          CHEV collapses to his knees, breaks it open and snorts it
          right out of the bag like a pig on his elbows and knees. The
          BROTHERS find this hilarious.

          ORLANDO shakes his head in disgust.


                    Chevy ... come on, man...

          We hear CHEV'S heart rate start to build, increase in volume.

          Suddenly he pops up to his feet, almost slips and falls,
          steadies himself. A new man.


                    OK, that's good.    That's good.


                    Oh that's good, right?

          CHEV pounds rhythmically on chest, keeping time with his
          beating heart.



                     hy you looking for Verona anyway?


                    Seems like some Chinese assholes hired
                    him to kill me...


                    Ah, so this is about the Don Kim
                    situation.

























                    What do you know about it?


                    I know you pulled the trigger.


                        
                    Of course I pulled the trigger! WHY



                    O...kay...

          Abruptly, CHEV'S HEART STOPS... his eyes go wide - he waits
          for it...



          ... waiting...



          ... and then it STARTS UP AGAIN, slow, erratic. CHEV is GHOST



                    Whoa, Chelios. You good, man?


                     his shit's not working.


                    Beg your pardon?

          CHEV swoons, close to BLACKING OUT.


                    I think I know what I have to do.


                        
                    Well, a man's got to do what a man's got
                    to do.
                        
                    Uhh... what exactly is it that you got to
                    do?

          CHEV SNAPS to his senses.


                    Got to kick... some black... ass.
























                         What?

               CHEV turns to the biggest, meanest looking BROTHER in the
               room, pats him on the chest in a mock friendly way, then,
               without warning, slams his head forward into the BROTHER'S
               face, knocking him backwards into the hallway, sending all
               the other BROTHERS sprawling like tenpins.


                         There he goes again.

               CHEV has a pool cue in his hands.   He moves out into the
               hallway, eyes wild.

                OUND: CHEV's HEARTBEAT starts to rev up.


                         Alright ... who wants white meat?

               All hell breaks loose.



               A calm exterior of the building: single window, bars over it,
               single door closed.

               SUDDENLY THE WINDOW SMASHES OUTWARD; the two arms of one of
               the BROTHERS poke out through the bars as though he's been
               thrown into the window frame from inside. One hand holds a
               cue ball, which drops and hits the sidewalk.

               A second later THE DOOR BLOWS OFF IT'S HINGES as CHEV is
               tossed, upside down, through it to land on the cement in a
               jumble of glass and wood. The door falls on him. The
               BROTHERS chase him out into the street, shouting him down.









               Speeding along, weaving erratically through traffic, sweating
               hard, panting with adrenaline.



               CHEV'S cell rings.   He picks it right up.


                         Doc?

































                           ey, what's up, Doc!



                          You motherfucker!


                           ude, aren't you dead yet?    What the hell
                          are you doing out there?



                          I'm coming for you, asshole, believe me.


                           eah, whatever. Look, just thought you'd
                          like to know that I'm all about hooking
                          up with that mystery girl you've been
                          banging as soon as your ass is
                          underground ... I forgot to say so on
                          that gay James Bond tape I left for
                          you...



                          Yeah, yeah, then you're going to rape my
                          grandmother, blah blah blah. What do you
                          think Carlito is going to think when he
                          finds out what you did? Your whole crew
                          is history.

                CHEV checks the rearview mirror.


                              
                          Great.

                Throughout the conversation his driving has gotten faster, 23B

                more and more out of control. Now a SQUAD CAR has pulled up
                behind him, cherry top flashing, broadcasting a warning to
                "PULL OVER" out of its intercom.

                 HEV goes evasive, leading the cop on a HIGH SPEED CHASE.


                           arlito? That's funny, I guess you
                          didn't know... Carlito's my boy now,
                          we're tight.


                          You haven't been tight since your brother
                          fucked you in 3rd grade.





























                              lever. Snappy. Did you pretty good,
                             didn't I, Chelios? Come on, you can admit
                             it.


                             We'll see.


                             Right, right, and the best part about it
                             is...

                CHEV'S phone BEEPS - incoming call.


                             Sorry, I must take this. See you later.


                             I doubt it.

                 HEV pushes "answer" and picks up the new call.



                             Yeah.



                             Doc Miles.


                             Doc!    Shit, it's about time.






                             Sorry baby, I just got the message.



                             OK, forget it, listen: I'm dying. I've
                             been poisoned with some kind of Chinese
                             synthetic shit.


                             Woah!


                             You've got to do something for me, it
                             feels so crazy, like it's in my blood ...










               CHEV swerves wildly. Throughout the conversation we are
               tight on CHEV and DOC - the only idea we have about the chase
               occurring outside the car comes from CHEV'S wild steering,
               the sound of BURNING RUBBER AND SIRENS, and the few details
               flashing by in the background and reflected in the glass.


                            Alright, slow down. You say you've been
                            poisoned. Can you describe the symptoms?


                            It's like... it's like... like I'm
                            slowing down... like I'm caught in a tar
                            pit...


                            Blurred vision?


                            Yeah.


                            Dizziness?



                             ure.


                            Pain in your chest?


                            Not really. Actually I'm feeling pretty
                            good right now.


                            What are you doing?





               We reveal that CHEV'S car is BLASTING THROUGH THE INSIDE OF A
               SHOPPING MALL, screaming past frozen yogurt and Big n Tall
               shops, missing terrified shoppers by inches.


                            Driving through a mall with five cops
                            chasing me.

               Behind his car we see two CHPs on motorcycles and three SQUAD
               CARS giving chase.















                                 
                             The flow of adrenaline is keeping you
                             alive.


                             I'm having a little trouble hearing you,
                             Doc.


                             Listen, Chev - you have to keep moving.


                             Explain.


                             If I'm right, they gave you the Beijing
                             Cocktail... very nasty ... works on your
                             adrenal gland, blocking your receptors.
                             The only way to slow it down is to keep
                             the flow of adrenaline constant.



                 e hops out with cell phone to his ear and takes a ride to
                the second floor, RIDING THE SMASHED CAR UP THE ESCALATOR.


                             Meaning: if you stop, you die.


                             What's that?


                             If you stop, you die.



                CHEV jumps off of the car and starts booking through the
                second level, huffing it, barking into the phone the whole
                time.


                             That's what I'm trying to do... just keep
                             moving... keep the blood pumping... every
                             time I slow down it's like my veins start
                             to rust...


                             Have you taken anything?


                             A couple grams of coke.













                            Oh boy. Well, that's a start. Look,
                            I'll be back in LA in an hour. I'll call
                            you as soon as I land. Keep yourself
                            pumped up. Don't stop, don't quit, I'll
                            be there.

                HEV gives the cops the slip and heads into a ...



               ... men's clothing store.        He bolts to the back, looking for
               an exit.

               He heads into the dressing room, no exit. Turns back out
               into the store and then tries the EMPLOYEES ONLY door.
               Behind the door are two overweight employees in suits. He
               RUNS THEM BOTH OVER and heads to the exit. They chase. CHEV
               gets to the exit first and BURSTS through the door.




               He runs down the sidewalk and manages to hail a cab.


                            Yo!   Right here!






               The inside of the cab has the East Indian vibe. Incense,
               Koran on the dash, and Farsi music over the radio.


                            Go.


                                
                            Where we go?


                            Straight.    Now.

               They zip through the stop sign and hit the traffic light.


                            Make a right.



                he CABBIE pulls a CALIFORNIA ROLLER to the right - the TIRES













                Three SQUAD CARS pass, SIRENS AND LIGHTS BLARING, heading the0A

                opposite way.

                CHEV starts to drop off; we hear his HEART RATE start to slow9A

                down.


                              ey, crank the music.

                The CABBIE turns to an FM country station playing Billy Ray
                Cyrus, "Achy Breaky Heart."


                             No, CRANK IT.

                The Cabbie BLARES it.

                CHEV starts to embarrassingly bang his head to the Billy Ray
                as if it was Metallica in the late 80's.

                Something catches his eye.


                             Pull over.     Come on, right here.    Thank
                             you.

                A 7-11 can be seen through the side window.


                             OK, I'll be back in one minute.       Don't go
                             anywhere.


                             OK, cowboy.



                CHEV jumps out of the cab and into the 7-11.         We see him pull
                his gun from his pants as he enters.



                He goes right to the counter and sticks the place up.

                He grabs the man from behind the counter and in one move,
                yanks him over the counter and SLAMS HIM FACE-DOWN on the
                floor.


                             You move, you die ...

























               CHEV grabs a box of trash bags, rips it open and takes one
               out. He opens the bag and starts dumping CAFFEINE in: Jolt,
               Coke, Red Bull, Starbucks Frappuccinos.

                e DIALS A NUMBER on W
                                    his cell.    It rings twice, then:


                            Hey, this is Eve ...




               He yells and jumps up and down while heading to the counter.
               He grabs hundreds of the little ginseng capsules, Vivran, and
               everything candy. The bag's full.

                ne last look. He spots some shitty flowers in a bucket.
               The fastest double take in movie history with the grouchiest
               face, then he grabs them.





               He hops back in the cab with the cheap flowers and the black
               santa bag.

               He opens the bag and starts SLAMMING whatever he can get his
               hands on.


                            Where you want to go, man?

               CHEV is guzzling Red Bull, popping vitamins, whatever.


                            Beverly Hills.





               EXTREME CU of a Fuente Fuente Opus X cigar, rich tendril of
               smoke curling through the air.

               As the hand holding the cigar brings it up for a drag the
               CAMERA pulls back, revealing CARLITO, an imposing 6'1", 225
               lb. DOMINICAN in his late 40s.

               The CAMERA continues its move back, skimming over blue water,
               revealing an elaborate pool area on the rooftop. CARLITO is
               sitting by the pool in a velvet robe.

















          Bodyguards roam the property and a beautiful, rock hard BLACK
          WOMAN suns on the deck.

          Still in the same shot, pulling back, CARLITO puts down the
          cigar, stands up and dives into the pool. The camera drops
          down below the water level, and CARLITO swims right up to it
          for a CLOSE-UP.

          CARLITO'S POV - We are under water swimming towards the edge
          of the pool. As we look up, we see a water-distorted figure
          above the water, looking down into the pool. The classic
          shot made famous in The GRADUATE and used a thousand times
          since ... only this time the guy outside the pool JUMPS IN.

           t's CHEV, fully dressed. He meets CARLITO face to face
          underwater and points up with his index finger.

          We CUT TO CARLITO'S reaction.       He follows CHEV up.

           heir heads rise just above the water, like heads on a
          platter. Several jittery BODYGUARDS stand at the edge of the
          pool, guns drawn. With a simple motion of his hand, CARLITO
          calms them.


                       Chevy.


                       Hey boss.


                       I'm surprised to see you.


                       Well, something urgent has come up.


                       Ha!   So I've heard.


                       Then you know what happened?


                       Word travels fast.     You amaze me, my
                       friend.


                       What can I say. Look, Carlito, I need
                       your help. I don't have much time.


                       No, not much.















                     We've got to find an antidote or
                     something.

          Silence.


                     What's the matter?


                         
                     The shit they gave you ... it's the
                     Chinese shit. There is no antidote.     I
                     wish there was something I could do.


                     What, so that's it?


                     Honestly, you should be dead already.
                     It's a miracle.


                     A miracle.


                     We give that shit to horses ...


                     I can't believe it.


          C          I'm sorry.

           UT TO CHEV and CARLITO'S legs treading water to keep their
          heads afloat.




                     Well you don't have to be so damn cool
                     about it.


                     What do you expect me to do?


                     Tell me you're going to find that punk
                     Verona and his whole fuckin' crew and
                     feed `em to a cage of wolverines.

          CARLITO shrugs.   No response.













          CUT TO legs treading.


                    What is this? Are you boys now or
                    something?


                    Verona? That's just a small time punk.
                    But... that's not to say there isn't an
                    opportunity here.


                    Opportunity.


                    Everyone knows the love I have for you,
                    Chev. Maybe this can even the score for
                    the Don Kim hit, which was perhaps ill-
                    advised.


                        
                    Ill advised?


                    The heat from Hong Kong has been more
                    than we anticipated.


                    Oh. That's outstanding, Carlito. I'm glad
                    to know that my death can be of some use
                    to you.


                    Don't be difficult.


                    Am I being difficult? Is this what you
                    call difficult? I don't know if you
                    noticed, but I'm having a DIFFICULT


          Beat.


                     re you disrespecting me, Chev?    Is that
                    what you're doing?

          They stare each other down.






















                          orget it, I'm out of here.

               CHEV climbs out of the pool. CARLITO NARROWS HIS EYES,
               watching him leave. The BODYGUARD motions to follow, CARLITO
               signals him off. CHEV passes a black HELICOPTER sitting on a
               small, hard-rubbered heli-pad.

               CARLITO'S POV - from a distance we see CHEV knocking over
               furniture and BREAKING GLASS on his way out.

               CARLITO'S POV descends beneath the water - his breath
               releases.





               The building opens onto the high rent section of Sunset Blvd.
               An outdoor cafe populated by the rich and trendy is next

               door.

                HEV shakes himself off and bangs out of the revolving glass
               doors. A VALET approaches him and CHEV gets in his face,
               FLASHING MURDEROUS TEETH and shoving him away, hopping up and
               down to keep the heart pounding ... he heads over to the cab
               waiting out front.

               The same ARAB CABBIE is waiting inside.


                         You're not getting into my cab wet.


                         I just gave you 200 dollars to wait for 3
                         minutes.


                         You are not getting into my car no way.

               CHEV goes to the driver side of the car, pulls the CABBIE out
               of the cab and tosses him into the road. The lunch crowd at
               the cafe, passerbys, etc., look on in bewilderment. CHEV
               points at the CABBIE and starts screaming ...




               Everybody freaks out. A WAITER dives under the a table,
               expecting an explosion.

               CHEV grabs the CABBIE by his lapels and tosses him right into
               the CAFE, smashing a table, still pointing and screaming.























                 he whole restaurant, OLD LADIES included, dogpile the poor
                CABBIE, wildly protesting in a thick accent.


                             I love America! I love Bush!

                CHEV gets in the cab and drives off.





                CHEV is slamming Frappucinos, driving.



                It's the CELL PHONE.


                             Yeah.



                             My flight's delayed.


                             Shit.


                             Relax. I mean don't relax. Listen to
                             me. The shit they gave you is cutting
                             off your adrenaline.



                Science class-type microscope footage of darting chemicals

                and protein globules.


                              xcitement, fear, danger ... it causes
                             your body to manufacture a chemical
                             called ephedrine ... it binds with
                             receptors in your blood to keep you alive
                             ... what they've done is introduce an
                             inhibitor into your system ... it blocks
                             the receptors so your body's ephedrine
                             can't bind ... and that's what's killing
                             you.













                          Your only shot is to massively increase
                          the level of ephedrine in your body ...
                          to force out the inhibitors ...




                          In English, doc.    Please.


                          You've got to get to an emergency room
                          and get yourself some epinephrine ...
                          it's artificial adrenaline ... it comes
                          in 10 milligram syringes ... the shit's
                          potent so don't overdo it ... probably a
                          fifth of an injection will do.

                CHEV tries to remember all this while zoning in and out of
                consciousness, swerving, slamming coffees and capsules.


                          Did you get all of that Chev?

                CHEV bangs his head against the steering wheel.


                          Epi ... something ...


                          nephrin.    Epi-nephrin.


                          OK, OK.        I gotta go.


                          I'll call you -

                CHEV clicks over.


                          Yeah.

                KAYLO pops up in a mini-screen. He's in a phonebooth

                downtown, looking furtively over his shoulder as he talks.


                          Chev!



                          Yeah.























                             Chev?


                             Yeah, what is it?


                             Hello?

                CHEV hangs up.       KAYLO, bewildered, redials.   CHEV answers,
                says nothing.


                             Chev?


                             Uh huh.


                             Chev! I just saw Verona's brother going
                             into Charlie O's.

                In a series of BLACK AND WHITE STILLS we see ALEX, the

                massive dude we saw in the background on VERONA's tape,
                exiting a taxi and walking into CHARLIE O'S - a big New York
                style 40's-era steak and cocktail joint right in the heart of

                downtown L.A.




                             Interesting. Downtown Charlie O's?


                             Yeah.    I was just down here getting a
                             taco.    He went right in, like, 2 minutes
                             ago.


                             Where are you now?




                             I'm across the street, getting a taco.
                             Where are you?

                 HEV hits the gas pedal and blasts off.


                             I'm there.     Meet me on 3rd and Flower.





























               In fast motion we see the freeway exits flash by, one after
               another.



               KAYLO pays for his food at a leisurely pace - he's at a
               little place across the street from CHARLIE O'S - and skulks
               out onto the street, trying too hard to be inconspicuous.



               Meanwhile, in the second screen, CHEV is blasting along at
               high speed, off the freeway, through downtown, and right to
               the corner of 3rd and Flower, where he leaves the taxi idling
               in a red zone and gets out.

               As KAYLO turns the corner, the two SPLIT SCREENS meet up - he45

               and CHEV run right into each other.

                HEV pulls KAYLO around the corner, out of sight of the
               restaurant.


                                 motioning to the restaurant)
                            He's in there now?

               KAYLO nods quickly, freaked out.


                            Did anyone go in with him?

               KAYLO shakes his head NO.



                             lright, wait here.

               The CAMERA stays with CHEV as he walks right across the
               street and up to the restaurant.



               ALEX is in his usual booth, making lecherous smalltalk with a
               40ish WAITRESS in a short skirt and fishnet stockings, as
               CHEV, still drying, hair all fucked up and walking
               erratically, enters the restaurant. Everyone turns to look
               at the crazy man, nervously.

                HEV walks doggedly right by ALEX, staring straight ahead,
               not letting on that he knows he's there. ALEX watches him
               pass in disbelief.


                            What was that?


















                            I just saw a ghost.

               CHEV disappears through the swinging doors to the kitchen.
               The MAIRTRE'D has the phone in his hands, ready to dial the
               cops, but ALEX motions to him to chill. He'll take care of
               it.

               He gets up and follows in CHEV'S footsteps.



               ALEX enters the kitchen. The COOKS all hustle by him - they
               want no part of this. CHEV is nowhere to be seen.

                LEX continues through the kitchen with a distinct lack of
               caution - everyone's been afraid of the big man all his life -
               drawing a gun from inside his coat as he goes.

               He passes a butcher block, a hacked up roast, a conspicuous


               Turning a corner, he notices the back door swinging slowly
               closed. He advances.

               The back door opens onto an alley. He comes up to it, brings
               the gun up by his head, shoulders up to the cracked door and
               tries to peer around it into the alley.

               Just then, behind him, CHEV emerges from the kitchen with the


                efore ALEX can react, CHEV lets swing with the knife and
               neatly cuts off ALEX'S gun hand at the wrist. The hand, gun
               and all, hits the ground. CHEV kicks ALEX out the door and
               into the alley.



               ALEX crumples in shock, holding his abbreviated arm out in
               front of his face. He tries to talk, or scream, but all that
               comes out is a wheezing sound. CHEV follows him out into the
               alley, brandishing the BUTCHER KNIFE, heartrate slamming.


                            How you like that one, tough guy? How
                            freaking awesome was that?

                e kicks him in the ribs, knocking him over.


                            You feel like talking to me?   Where's
                            your brother?













                           (anger gradually overcoming the
                            shock)
                       Doing your mother like an Iraqi prisoner,
                       you bitch.


                       Nice ... wonder how many steaks I could
                       get out of you ...

           LEX rolls onto his knees, and with a burst of energy throws
          himself at CHEV. HE SMASHES CHEV INTO THE ALLEY WALL and
          lands on him with his full weight.

          CHEV is pinned. ALEX, enraged, attempts with some success to
          strangle him with his remaining hand. CHEV struggles in
          futility, heart hammering. It seems hopeless ...

          ... until KAYLO appears behind ALEX with a ROLLING PIN and
          brings it down on his skull with a LOUD CRACK.

          ALEX rises up, staggering, and advances on KAYLO, who drops
          the ROLLING PIN and cowers amidst the trash cans.

          CHEV gets to his feet, pulls out his gun, puts it to the back
          of ALEX'S head.

          CHEV pulls the trigger twice.






          He tosses it away and stumbles to the back door of the
          restaurant as ALEX proceeds to beat KAYLO down with a
          trashcan, swinging it one handed.

           HEV picks up ALEX'S disconnected hand, which is still
          clutching the gun, and walks back over to the action. He
          uses ALEX'S finger to pull the trigger twice and blows him
          away. ALEX hits the ground with a THUD.


                       Jesus ... nothing's easy ...

          He pries the gun from ALEX'S cold, dead fingers, shoves it in
          his pocket and tosses the hand to a disgusted KAYLO, who
          tries to get away from it ...


                       You want to hold hands?


















               ... and begins to rifle through ALEX'S pockets. He finds a
               cellphone, clicks through the menu and hits send.

                t RINGS.   RICKY VERONA answers.


                           Talk to me, bro.


                               
                           Hey Ricky, whadya think about sucking me
                           off, ya in the mood? Maybe let me lick
                           your ass or sumtink?





               VERONA is feeding his Rottweiler some beef jerky.      A HOTTIE
               in a bathrobe walks by.


                           Who is this? Chelios?   IS THIS FUCKING



                           That's right, bro. You wanna guess how I
                           got your brother's cell phone?

               VERONA is speechless, furious.    He KNOCKS OVER A TABLE and
               pushes the Rot's head away.


                           I can tell you have it all figured out.
                           Looks like you should've cut me up when
                           you had the chance.

                ERONA rubs his face.






                           What's that? I can't hear you ...
                           experiencing some 20/20 hindsight?































                              
                          You're supposed to be dead!!!


                          You know, man, I kind of like that shit
                          you put in me. Think you can get me some
                          more?


                               struggling to find a heinous
                               enough threat)
                          I'll ... I'll ...




                          I know, I know ... hey, what's this?

                CHEV spots a necklace around ALEX'S neck, yanks it off. On
                the chain: a silver WWII era Russian medallion, engraved with
                the image of a mounted Cossack. The name on the back is I.


                 HEV looks it over.


                          A necklace? You guys really are faggots
                          aren't you?






                          You motherfucker, my grandfather gave
                          that medallion to my father, and then to -
                               realizing he's said too much)
                           .. fuck you, man, shove that thing up
                          your ass.


                          No thanks, but you know I believe I'll
                          hang onto it... looks like you'll have to
                          come find me after all. Fucked up that
                          you killed your own brother.


                          You -










                          Out.

                CHEV hangs up, turns off the phone, and pockets it.
                Immediately he's on to the next thought.


                          What was that... epi... shit... 10
                          milligrams...

                 e shakes his head to clear it.


                          What?


                          Huh?    Oh.    I'm taking off.

                We hear SIRENS.


                          I'd get out of here if I were you.

                He splits, leaving KAYLO with the body, the hand, etc. KAYLO
                looks around, tosses the hand, and bolts off in the other
                direction.





                CHEV'S cab is parked illegally.     A meter maid is writing it
                up.



                The sliding doors to the ER swoosh open as a gurney is
                wheeled in by paramedics. CHEV walks quickly in behind them,
                a complete wreck, ignoring all the activity, seemingly lost
                in his own thoughts. He checks a sign on the wall for
                directions.

                An arrow points toward the PHARMACY.       He follows it.



                CHEV cuts off an OLD MAN with a walker making his way to the
                counter. He runs his hand through his freaked out hair,
                trying to straighten it out. The PHARMACIST, a cynical girl,
                mid-20s, with thick horn rimmed glasses, regards him blankly.



















                       Asshole.


                           
                       I'm looking for something ... starts with



                       England?


                       That's funny. No, I'm talking about some
                       kind of artificial adrenaline ... some
                       shit ... you know ...


                       Artificial adrenaline.


                       I have heart problems.


                       Epinephrine?


                       Yes!    Yes ... that's it ... you have it?


                       I can't give you epinephrine.


                       Why?


                       Just a minute.

          She walks into the back.        Through the glass he sees her pick
          up a phone.


                       Come on, what is that...

          A pimply faced TEENAGER with greasy, shoulder length brown
          hair has been watching the whole thing from the magazine
          rack.                T

                       Nasal spray, dude.


                       What?
























                         Nasal spray.

                e gestures to a counter display: NAS-ALL, little plastic
               bottles.


                         It's got epinephrine in it.   Get you
                         tweaked, man.

               CHEV looks from the kid to the display and back, then through
               the glass window, where the PHARMACIST is talking to someone
               on the telephone, looking out at him suspiciously.

               He picks up a handful of the little spray bottles and gets
               out of there. The OLD MAN gives him a sour look; CHEV makes
               him FLINCH with a sudden jerk toward him.



               CHEV wanders through the trauma ward, trying to look
               inconspicuous, avoiding eye contact, knocking things over,
               trying doors, inhaling blast after blast of nasal spray,
               tossing the empty bottles, eyes watering.

               He rounds a corner and freezes in his tracks: three COPS are
               at the admissions counter ... a NURSE is gesturing in CHEV'S
               direction. They look up toward him.

               He ducks back into the corridor, finds a recovery room and
               slips in.




               The room is quiet, save for the steady labored wheezing of an
               OLD MAN in the only bed. The OLD MAN'S eyes stare vacantly
               at the ceiling - CHEV can't tell if he's asleep or awake. He
               watches the OLD MAN for a stolen moment, hypnotized ...

                .. then glances over at the half open closet.



               The COPS come up on the corridor where CHEV disappeared.
               They advance, hands on weapons, checking each room.

                hey reach CHEV'S room. The door is slightly ajar.     One of
               the cops pushes it open with his foot.

               The OLD MAN is there, motionless.   No sign of CHEV.















               The COPS continue down the hall. Behind them, from the door
               they checked, CHEV tiptoes out wearing a blue hospital
               johnnie, tied in the back with his ass hanging out, trying to
               blend in.

               One of the COPS notices this.


                            Hey!

               CHEV takes off, walking faster, around the corner.        The COPS
               head after him.

                he COPS turn the corner.        CHEV is still trying to play it
               off.


                            Hey.   You.

               Finally CHEV breaks into a run and the COPS give chase.



               CHEV busts into the stairwell and starts heading down. He's
               been holding his gun awkwardly in his armpit; now he whips it
               out. A few flights above he hears the door bang open as the
               COPS pick up the chase.

               He exits into the ...



               The busy ER is buzzing with activity. CHEV looks around
               desperately. The COPS are right on his tail.

               Suddenly the entrance doors BURST OPEN ... a patient is
               wheeled in at a dead run by a small group of emergency TECHS,
               all shouting instructions back and forth and barking at
               people to get out of the way as they race toward the far
               corridor. The FAT MAN on the gurney has his shirt open ...
               he's pale, glassy eyed and lathered in sweat ... they have
               the DEFIBRILLATOR PADDLES out ...

                ehind the gurney a RESIDENT pushes a CRASH CART along with
               them ... the crash cart houses the DEFIBRILLATOR and various
               supplies ...

               CHEV takes off after them, BOWLING PEOPLE OVER, flashing the
               gun.


                            I know you motherfuckers have
                            epinephrine!


















          The COPS bang open the stairwell door, guns drawn.        Chaos
          breaks out.


                       Hold it right there, bro!

          The group is galloping      down the long corridor toward the
          elevators that connect      to the O.R. ... three DOCS, the
          RESIDENT, CHEV and the      FAT MAN on the gurney ... the COPS in
          hot pursuit, trying to      get a bead on CHEV.

          CHEV is holding his gun to the RESIDENT'S head while pushing
          him and the cart forward. The RESIDENT blubbers in panic.
          The DOCS, in all the confusion, haven't noticed CHEV yet.


                       You've got epinephrine on this cart!    I
                       want that shit!


                       He's dropping! Stand by to defibrillate!

          The gurney slows down and the cart, shoved forward by CHEV,
          crashes into it. Bodies fly, shit spills everywhere. The
          FAT MAN lets out a groan, makes EYE CONTACT with CHEV.


                       My cart...


                       What?


                       Asshole...!


                       Yeah, yeah.

          CHEV spins around wildly and FIRES A FEW SHOTS over the COPS
          heads. They hit the deck.


                        hat is this? What the hell do you think
                       you're doing? THIS IS A HOSPITAL!

           HEV shoves the gun in his face.




           he DOC shuts up.














          CHEV brandishes the gun toward the COPS to keep them on the
          ground, then motions C the RESIDENT.
                               to


                    You.   Get me some ... I need ...

          CHEV is pale as a ghost ... his legs buckle ... he steadies
          himself against the wall.


                        
                    You wanted ... epinephrine, is that
                    right?

          CHEV nods weakly. The RESIDENT, on his hands and knees,
          starts digging through the supplies spilled all over the
          floor. The COPS, sensing weakness, start to tense. CHEV
          snaps out of it momentarily.




          The RESIDENT approaches him cautiously, on his knees, holding
          out a handful of small white boxes.


                    Give me that.

          He snatches them, cradling them against his stomach, and
          backs up past the DOCS toward the elevator just as the chime
          sounds and the doors slide open. He tosses the boxes inside.
          The FAT MAN lets out another agonized groan.


                    ... asshole...

          CHEV points the gun at him.


                    Not going to tell you again.

          He grabs a DEFIBRILLATOR paddle out of TECH 2's trembling
          hands and holds it to his chest.


                        
                    Now juice me.


                    You ... but ... I ...











                              
                         I haven't got all day, just do it, will
                         you?

               The RESIDENT flips a switch on the crash cart and the thing
               begins to charge ... CHEV holds the paddle to his chest with
               one hand, the gun out with the other ... finally ...

               ZAPPP!!!! CHEV flies backwards, bouncing off the wall like a
               pinball. The COPS leap forward, trying to take advantage,
               but CHEV pops back up, wired and wild eyed.




               He FIRES ANOTHER WARNING SHOT into the ceiling and leaps into
               the elevator as the doors close behind him.



               CHEV collapses on the floor of the elevator. He fumbles with
               the white boxes the RESIDENT handed him and comes up with a




                         OK ... needles, hate needles ...

               He rubs his arm, feeling for a nice vein, squirts a few drops
               from the tip of the needle and pops the thing right in ...
               pushes the plunger ALL THE WAY, plucks it out and tosses it
               in the corner.

               CHEV sits patiently against the wall, staring blankly
               straight ahead. Suddenly a curious look comes over him.


                         How much of this stuff did he say to
                         take?

               We hear CHEV'S HEARTBEAT start to speed/volume up - FAST.
               His eyes widen.


                         Woah.   Woah. Woah.

               Suddenly he jumps straight up in the air.













               He starts to HOP AROUND WILDLY like a monkey in an
               electrified cage. The bell chimes and the elevator doors
               open.



               CHEV BLASTS OUT OF THE ELEVATOR and out the front doors of
               the hospital like a ball out of a cannon.



               CHEV is hoofing it like FORREST GUMP on SPEEDBALL. We hear
               sirens ... a group of squad cars flash by behind him, heading
               toward the hospital ... neither they nor CHEV see one
               another.



               He runs what seems like eight miles.




               We pick him up, real-time, still running.



               He answers without slowing down.




                            Chevy!


                                   
                            Yep.


                            I'm in the air, man.     Did you get the
                            stuff I told you?


                            Got it.


                            You took it?


                            Took it.


                            You shot the whole thing, didn't you?









                       Yep.


                       Oh boy. I said a fifth of a syringe, you
                       idiot. Now you're dead for sure.


                       Right.


                       Chest is on fire.


                       Check.


                       But you're cold.


                       Check.


                       You got a steel hard on.


                       Let me check.

          Looks down.


                       Check.


                           
                       That's the stimulation of the blood
                       vessels ... your urinary sphincter is
                       tight as a knot ... couldn't pee to save
                       your life ...

          The LADY in the seat next to DOC is aghast.


                       Urinary sphincter ... check ...


                       Maybe you can get a hold of some vicadin
                       ... you still at the hospital?


                       Negative.
























                         Maybe some weed ... I don't know ...


                         Check.


                         Well, that shit should be out of your
                         system in a half hour or so, if you live
                         that long ... this air phone is costing
                         me a fortune ... look, I'll be in LA in
                         twenty minutes. I'll call you when I hit
                         the ground.


                         Copy.


                              
                         You're a good kid, Chev.   Nice knowing
                         you.


                         Copy.    Out.





                ut DOC MILES is already a distant memory ... CHEV lets the
               phone drop from his ear without hanging up ...

                .. as he comes up on a department store window where a crowd
               has gathered to watch a wall of TV's, all playing the same
               thing ...

                .. he slows to a stop, joining the crowd ...

                he face on the TV is his - more or less - an exaggerated
               black and white POLICE SKETCH, simian browed and thick
               lipped. He looks like a serial rapist.


                         Police have declined to release the name
                         of the West Hollywood man they say is
                         still at large on a citywide rampage that
                         has left one man dead, dozens injured and
                         hundreds of thousands of dollars of
                         property damage in its smoking, bloody
                         wake.


























                          However, Eyewitness News has learned that
                          the suspect is a professional killer with
                          ties to organized crime and an extensive
                          police record. He is considered armed
                          and highly dangerous.

                A GUY standing next to CHEV glances sidelong at him. CHEV
                turns to meet his eyes. The GUY regards him in a stupor,
                then looks down: CHEV's hospital johnnie is sticking straight
                out in front, ass hanging out the back, a gun in his left
                hand, cell phone in his right.

                 he GUY looks back up at CHEV'S poker face, gulps, and turns
                back to the wall of screens.

                The broadcast cuts from tape back to the live ANCHOR.


                          We want to get you back to our regularly
                          scheduled programming, but keep it tuned
                          right here to ABC for continuing coverage
                          of this bizarre story as it unfolds.


                              
                          We now return you to "Dr. Phil" ...

                The TV cuts to a talk show in progress. Rather than
                disperse, the small crowd stays hypnotically glued to the
                tube. We see in their eyes that everyone is going into that
                TV alpha state thing ...

                CHEV shakes his head, snaps out of it. His HEARTBEAT, barely
                audible during the broadcast, swells back to full volume,
                beating like a jackrabbit's.

                 e looks around and spots a COP on a motorcycle, waiting at a
                stoplight.



                With a last look at the TV drones he breaks from the crowd
                and goes into stealth mode, darting from car to car in an
                exaggerated ninja crouch, trying to sneak up on the COP.























               He comes up behind him, transfers his gun and cell phone to
               one hand, and - heart POUNDING - reaches stealthily for the
               COP'S holster with the other.

               CAR HORNS BLARE as motorists attempt to warn the COP, who
               flinches and whips around at the noise - but it's too late:
               CHEV has the gun.

               He begins to hop around maniacally, taunting the COP, as
               everyone panics and tries to reverse out of the traffic
               snarl, SLAMMING INTO FENDERS, driving up onto the sidewalk,
               etc.


                                (tossing the gun up and
                                 catching it)
                            You want it? You want this?

                he COP jumps off the bike and tries to make a go at him, but
               jerks back when CHEV catches the gun. CHEV holds the gun up
               like a fetch stick, gluing the COP'S eyes, then flings it 40
               feet through the air to splash into a plaza fountain.

                he COP starts after it, then stops short as he sees CHEV
               dart past him and hop onto his still idling motorcycle. He
               kicks up the stand and REVS IT.


                            You son of a bitch!

               The COP makes a dive for CHEV, grabbing him by the waist as
               the bike jerks forward.

                HEV starts to burn the bike out as the COP hangs on,
               dragging. SMOKE ERUPTS; black bits of rubber spray like
               buckshot, pelting the COP. CHEV does a 360 DEGREE BURNOUT,
               kicking with his leg to keep the bike under control, then
               jerking, skidding, BLASTS OFF. The COP hangs on, cursing,
               dragging, boots smoking, for a half block before he bails
               out.





                EVERYBODY'S TALKING" by Harry Nilsson BEGINS.

               CHEV cruises in an out of traffic and people like a Sunday
               drive, ignoring traffic lights, stop signs, pedestrians. (We
               speed ramp about 20% to the beat of the song - an undercrank
               of about 18fps.)














               He's so jacked up and delusional he decides to try a BARE-


               From the rear pegs at about 30 mph he JUMPS UP TO THE GAS
               TANK, feet first, STANDS STRAIGHT UP ON THE MOVING BIKE and
               puts his hands out to his sides in a Jesus Christ pose,
               flashing a silhouette in the sun. His HEART POUNDS as he
               flies by crowds of astonished bystanders ...

                .. and CRASHES straight into a patio restaurant full of
               people.

               CHEV flips through the air and lands in a cacophony of
               overturned tables and busted dishes. A table spins like a
               coin at his feet.





               Stunned silence hangs in the air; a few food-covered people
               wander around in dazed shock. CHEV'S arm, hand still
               clutching his cell phone, sticks out from under a table. The
               phone starts to ring:



               From under the table we see CHEV'S eyes blink as he comes to
               his senses.

               He shakes off the debris, struggles to his feet and clicks to
               answer the phone.


                            Yeah.


                                
                            Hey. Did you try to call?

               CHEV lets his arm drop to his side, stares blankly at
               nothing, then brings it back up.





               A room suffused in amber filtered sunlight. EVE, a non-
               traditionally adorable strawberry blond in her mid 20's, yawn-
               stretches with the phone cradled between ear and bare
               shoulder.




















                             You've been home all day?


                             I was sleeping in.


                             You were sleeping in, that's great, Eve
                             ... super great ... you all rested now?


                             Yep.






                                 
                             Well, I'm glad to hear that. Listen,
                             I've been fatally poisoned, there's
                             probably a psychopath heading over there
                             to torture and kill you as we speak, but
                             don't bother getting out of bed, I'll be
                             there in a flash ... Maybe you could fry
                             me up a waffle or something, kay?


                                 
                             Sure, come on over, I'll be here.


                             Right, you'll be there, OK.

                CHEV clicks off.

                 ll the while he's been wrestling the wasted motorcycle from
                the wreckage. It's smoking, leaking oil.

                He shakes his head at a dumfounded waiter, holding up the
                phone like - "Can you believe this?" ... then climbs on the
                SPUTTERING BIKE and drives off.





                CU: VERONA stares straight down at the CAMERA.

                REVERSE: VERONA'S POV - ALEX'S severed hand, frozen stiff in
                a trigger-pulling position.



















               VERONA looks up at his CREW, gathered nervously around the
               room; lunatic schizo-cycles through a half dozen emotions
               before arriving at something resembling off-hand, casual,
               I'll have the #2 Super Size with a Diet Coke.


                            Right, so... let's go get the bitch.





               EVE'S pad is nothing like CHEV'S. It's all cats and incense,
               warm natural light, a scratchy Van Morrison LP playing on a
               real record player.

                VE, in a cotton nightgown, is in the kitchen, attempting
               some bit of microwave programming, punching random buttons
               and getting herself worked up.


                                
                            I hate you ...

               Five BANGS on the door barely distract her.


                            Just a minute.

               More BANGS, insistent.


                            Alright, alright, Jesus ...

               She gives up on the microwave, goes to answer the door.


                            ... calm down, what the hell ...

               It's CHEV. He's dressed in a blue Adidas JOGGING SUIT - long
               sleeve jacket, warm up pants with buttons down the side, the
               works. He couldn't look more out of place in EVE'S mellow
               apartment. He's bathed in sweat, wild-eyed, hair slicked
               back like GORDON GEKKO.


                            Oh.   My.   God.


                            Hey doll.










          He pulls her toward him and kisses her. She accepts the kiss
          gratefully enough with her mouth, but holds both hands out to
          her sides as if touching the JOGGING SUIT would kill her.

          Without making eye contact, he breaks away and pushes into
          the apartment, looking around everywhere, paranoid.


                       Is this your new look or something?


                       That's right. You into it?


                       It's ... completely appalling.    Very you,
                       Chev.


                       Thank you.

          He checks into the bedroom, satisfies himself that it's
          empty.


                       Are you looking for my other boyfriend?


                           
                       You haven't turned on the TV today,
                       right?


                       No.   Why?


                       Didn't think so.    Listen, we've got to
                       get out of here.


                       What are you talking about?    Don't be
                       such a freak.

          CHEV goes to the window, peaks through the curtains.


                       Actually, I'm glad you're here. Can you
                       change the clock on the microwave?


                       What?


                       I never changed it back.













                    The microwave.


                    Yeah. I never changed it back.   You
                    know, daylight savings time.


                    I bought you some flowers, but they got
                    fucked up on the way over here.


                    That's sweet. Are you OK? You look like
                    you're on drugs or something.


                    You love me, right?


                    Yes.


                    Then I need you to do something for me.


                    What is it? What's wrong?


                    I need you to put some clothes on and
                    come with me right now.


                    But ... I ...


                    I'll change the clock on the microwave.




          Confused, she pads off to the bedroom to change.

          CHEV goes into the kitchen. He peeks out the kitchen window,
          looks around nervously, glances at the microwave, walks up
          and punches two buttons.

          EXTREME CU: in ULTRA SLO-MOTION the digital readout on the
          clock switches from 11 to NOON with a sound like an 18-
          wheeler being dragged on it's side through a cathedral.

           HEV'S vision starts to blur. He slumps forward, head
          pressed against the microwave, trying to hold himself up.



















          We hear his HEART skip, hang for a long moment, then thud
          again, heavily.


                        
                    That shit's wearing off ...


                        
                    Oh darn! I forgot, the waffle iron's on
                    if you want to make one.


                        
                    Great, great ...

          He lurches over to the other side of the kitchen ... where an
          old fashioned-style waffle iron sits, plugged in and starting
          to smoke.

          He takes a deep breath, opens the lid, PUTS HIS HAND IN AND


           OUND: a stomach churning SEAR AND SIZZLE.

           e screams under his breath, stomping on the kitchen floor in
          agony ... but his HEARTBEAT rockets up again. He pulls out
          his pink, smoking hand and jams it under his armpit, hopping
          up and down.


                    You're so stressed out, do you want some
                    pot?


                        
                    Yes. No! ... thanks ...

          The waffle iron starts to SPARK from the plug. He yanks it
          out of the wall as EVE walks in wearing a sun dress and a
          ribbon in her hair.


                    What's the matter?


                        
                    Nothing ... burned my hand ...

          She comes up to him, tries to pry his hand out from under his
          arm.                 E

                    Oh my God, are you OK?   Let me see...













                         It's nothing... don't worry about it...
                         let's get out of here ...


                         Come on, let me see ...





                             
                         That was just totally uncalled for.


                             
                         I'm sorry ... look, can we just ...


                         Fine.

               She turns, grabs her purse and walks out the front door in a
               huff.

                HEV is about to follow her when he notices something out the
               window - DOUBLE TAKES, then parts the blinds to get a better
               look.



               A SEDAN has pulled up outside. TWO HOODS hop out and split

               up, one coming up the front way, the other around back. Each
               one has a right hand tucked into his blazer - they're





                             
                         Shit!

               He flies out the door after EVE - the door swings shut behind
               him.



               CHEV comes up behind EVE, grabs her by the shoulders and
               turns her around.


                         I'm parked out back.



















               He glances over his shoulder. Through the glass SECURITY DOOR
               he sees HOOD #1 coming up the front steps.

               EVE stops suddenly in front of her door - CHEV practically
               PILES into her.


                            Oh darn... the thing.

               She starts to dig through her purse for her keys.


                            The thing.     What thing.

               The HOOD tries the front door - LOCKED.


                                 
                            The waffle thing. I forgot to turn it
                            off.

                he opens the door and walks in. CHEV tries to speak, coughs
               up some unintelligible stacato nonsense.



               The HOOD runs his fingers down the directory list to:



               ... and then across to the KEYPAD, PEEL-AND-STICK labeled:





               CHEV is SLACK-JAWED. Inside the apartment, the PHONE BEGINS



                            Alright, alright...!

               CHEV shakes his head in disbelief; steels himself - then
               turns and walks quickly down the hall to the front door.



               Flustered, EVE picks up the phone.


                            Hello?

























               The door SLAMS OPEN. The HOOD whirls to see CHEV, grim as a
               motherfucker, SIX INCHES FROM HIS FACE. He scrambles for his
               gun -

                OO LATE. CHEV'S hand flashes forward, PALM connecting with
               the BRIDGE OF THE NOSE - dropping him instantly.


                             
                         Hello? Hello? Alright, very funny...

               The HOOD drops to his knees, eyes rolling back in his head,
               blood rushing from his nose. CHEV glances quickly around for
               witnesses - then backs into the hallway, letting the door
               swing shut behind him.



               EVE pops out.


                         I hate that...

               CHEV is waiting by the door, blocking her view of the front
               entrance, smiling somewhat crazily.


                         You trying to burn down the building?

               She gives him a look, then turns and heads down the hall.
               CHEV hustles after her.


                         Whoa whoa whoa...



                he building opens out back into a small parking area. Trash
               bins line the brick wall, ready for pick up. CHEV and EVE are
               leaving when CHEV sees the other HOOD coming around the
               corner, LESS THAN TEN FEET AWAY.

               CHEV grabs the back of EVE'S purse and turns it upside down,
               spilling the contents all over the concrete. She spins
               around, just missing C
                                    sight of the HOOD.


                         Aww, damn it, I'm sorry baby...
























                                
                            Nice one.

               She drops down to gather up her things, as the HOOD comes
               fully around the corner and MEETS EYES with CHEV.

                ithout hesitation, CHEV hurdles EVE and catches the HOOD'S
               wrist as he pulls out his GUN.


                                
                            I swear to God, Chev, I don't know what
                            you're on these days but it is not
                            working for you...

               CHEV wrestles himself around the HOOD, keeping the gun at a
               distance with one hand, his other hand cupped over the HOOD'S
               mouth, head-locking him. Their legs interlock, jostling for
               leverage.

                he GUN drifts down toward EVE - CHEV wrenches it up as THE


               SILENCER. The shot whizzes over EVE'S head and through a
               nearby window: PLINK!



               A PARAKEET in a cage by the window disappears in a puff of
               feathers.





               From overhead, the CAMERA CORKSCREWS CLOCKWISE as CHEV
               wrenches the HOOD'S neck COUNTERCLOCKWISE, snapping it.


                            You know, I could use a little help here.

               CHEV shoves the HOOD'S body into a dumpster just as EVE
               turns... CHEV snatches up the first thing he sees - a grime
               encrusted plastic SHOWER CAP - and holds it up lamely.


                            Is this yours?

               EVE rolls her eyes, looks around.


                            Where's your car?























                            My car. Actually... I took a cab.



               A POLICE MOTORCYCLE is tipped over on a lawn, coughing up
               black smoke, spewing oil. A crowd of Mexicans are gathered
               around, gaping.

                lames start to SHOOT UP from the motorcycle; THE CROWD
               SCATTERS, ducking for cover.



               MONTAGE: Chinatown is bustling with activity. Vendors haggle
               ... workers hustle down the sidewalk with baskets of
               chickens, sides of meat ... tourists wander ... motorists
               argue and punch their horns ... and the lunch hour crowd
               converges on a hundred eateries ...

                e hear a million HEARTBEATS, old, young ... even fast
               ticking chicken heartbeats, all overlapping, blending
               together in a swelling din of live things.

               The voyeuristic CAMERA picks CHEV and EVE up through the
               crowd. CHEV is wearing DARK GLASSES to go with his 80's hair

               and jogger.


                            You're embarrassing.


                            You know, I didn't have a lot of time to
                            pick this out ...


                            Hm.   So why are we here?



               CHEV sits across from EVE in a tiny restaurant. An equally
               tiny VIETNAMESE WOMAN brings them menus.

               CHEV pulls a little bottle of NAS-ALL out of his pocket and
               SNORTS the entire thing, grotesquely, at the table. It
               doesn't help much.

               He shakes out his head, bangs his fist on the table and sits
               up in his chair.


                                  (holding his fingers up to
                                   indicate quotation marks)

















                       "This isn't going to be easy" ... as they
                       say ...

          EVE flinches at the sight of his burned, waffle patterned
          palm. He notices, draws it back.


                       Alright, here it is. I told you I was a
                       video game programmer. That was a lie.
                       Actually...





          CHEV'S DIALOG continues over the FLASHBACK.

          CHEV is retrieving a HIDDEN GUN from the kitchen, checking
          the CLIP, the BARREL, the ACTION, and slipping out a side
          door into a RED CORRIDOR past two CHINESE MEN in black suits.


                       I kill people. I'm a professional hitman.
                       I freelance for a major West Coast crime
                       syndicate.





          DON KIM sits at the head of the table, drinking alone.


                       Last night was a job like a hundred
                       others. A high dollar hit. Nothing
                       special.

          CHEV walks up behind him, gun drawn to the back of KIM'S
          head... cocks the hammer back. DON KIM spins around in shock,
          the same reaction we saw in the SCENE 1 FLASHBACK - FROZEN,


           HEV'S eyes steel... his finger tightens...


                       And then out of nowhere this insane idea
                       comes in through the back of my head like
                       a .45 slug at close range...

           ilence hangs heavy in the room... CHEV holds the gun to DON
          KIM'S head, paralyzed with indecision.


                       Well? What are you waiting for?






















          With a last GRIMACE like even he can't believe what he's
          doing, CHEV lets his GUN HAND DROP slowly to his side.


                       Congratulations.


                       Did I win something?


                       Your life, jackass.
                           
                       A hundred grand wants you dead, so sooner
                       or later it's going to happen. But I'm
                       not doing it.


                       I see.


                        nstead, you're going to do something for
                       me. You're going to get out of town.
                       Disappear. I don't care where you go, I
                       don't care what you do, so long as you're
                       invisible for 48 hours. That's all I ask.


                           
                       48 hours.


                       Or if you prefer, we can do it the other
                       way, the way where I go to work and you
                       go meet Buddah.





          CHEV leans back in his chair and slams one of the legs down
          onto his foot. EVE flinches.


                       See: I quit. I quit the business. For
                       you.


                       For me?


                         figure I call you that night. I tell
                       you everything. You understand.

























                            We get on a plane together and leave all
                            this shit behind. Never come back.
                                 shrugs)
                            Pretty crazy, huh?


                            You are so weird. Are we going on a trip?

               CHEV stares at her blankly, then shakes his head to clear it.


                            Yeah, well... I may be going on a trip,
                            but you're not coming with me...


                            I don't understand.





               EVE storms out of the restaurant, letting the door slam
               behind her. CHEV follows, staggering like a drunk man.

               He catches up to her and grabs her arm.


                            Eve... baby... please!

               She spins on him.


                            Mob hits, Chev? Chinese poison? Do you
                            know how ridiculous you sound? If you're
                            going to break up with me, at least you
                            can tell me the truth.


                            You think it sounds crazy? How do you
                            think I feel - I've gotta live this
                            shit...

                ust then the CAMERA SLAMS THROUGH CHEV'S TRANSPARENT CHEST -
               his HEART seems to GRIND DOWN and STALL, MID-PUMP, as the
               POISON'S PROGRESS moves another clock tick forward.

                he CAMERA pulls violently out of CHEV'S chest cavity - he
               looks like someone just FIRED A CANNONBALL INTO HIS GUT...
               face white as a dinner plate... It's the worst we've seen him
               yet.


                            Oh my God, Chev... what's the matter with
                            you?












          He looks around like a drowning man. People everywhere, but
          starting to disperse as lunch hour dwindles. The world
          starts to SPIN.


                        ... just need...

          CHEV falls to his knees, pulling her down with him.


                       Chev, you're scaring me.


                           
                       Wait a minute. Do you trust me?


                       No.


                       Make love to me.


                       What?


                       Come on. I think it'll help.


                       Help what?

          He starts grabbing at her.       She pushes his hands away.


                       Get off!   Are you kidding me?


                       Take your clothes off.


                       No!


                       You always say you want to be more
                       spontaneous.


                       You're insane. You're like some
                       adrenaline junkie with no soul.


                       Save me, Eve. Save my life.























          CHEV starts feeling up EVE'S ass.


                    Stop it!

          She SLUGS HIM IN THE MOUTH.    His head snaps back; he comes up
          holding his lip.


                    Oh my God, Chev!

          She reaches instinctively to comfort him and he lunges
          forward, tearing at her dress.

           hey roll around on the ground, scratching and clawing at one
          another. A curious crowd gathers round. EVE starts to flip
          out, SCREAMING AND POUNDING on him with her fists like a
          crazy woman.

           ext thing you know she's kissing and biting his mouth,
          breathless, still pounding with her fists.


                    You filthy animal ...

          She reaches down and starts fumbling with his pants. He
          helps. The onlookers' eyes widen, moms covering the kids'
          faces.


                    Take me right here in front of everyone.

          CHEV'S HEARTBEAT starts to pick up. He lifts her dress and
          positions himself on top of her. EVE is completely out of
          her head, eyes closed, legs up in the air like a porn star.


                    That's it... do it ...

          CHEV thrusts.


                    Come on, put it in me...

          He thrusts again.    EVE's eyes pop open.


                    What are you waiting for?

          CHEV looks down at his equipment, then up at EVE, helplessly.

























                        
                    Tell me you're joking.    Now you can't get
                    it up?


                        
                    I'll fucking get it up!

          With a surge of energy he lifts her off the ground, drags her
          over to a newspaper machine on the street - the crowd parts
          to let them through - and bends her over it.

          He tries again to enter her.


                    God damn it, Chev ...!


                    Shut up!

          He starts to SPANK her. She responds with a moan. A certain
          portion of the crowd spontaneously breaks into applause.
          CHEV picks up the pace. EVE begins making primal cries.

            busload of JAPANESE GIRLS pulls up - tourists in matching
          red uniforms - gaping out the window with slack jawed
          amazement.

           ith the crowd cheering and traffic stopped, CHEV gets a shot
          of adrenaline and goes for broke. EVE shrieks like a banshee
          as he enters her.




          CHEV'S HEARTBEAT is slamming, he's really giving it to her,
          making full eye contact with the busload of tourists the
          entire time.

          CHEV doubles his efforts, desperately fighting for the
          climax, when ...




                    What was that?


                    Oh God... Oh God... yes...
















                          Shit!

                CHEV reaches for the E
                                     phone.


                          What are you doing?!!

                CHEV puts the phone up to his ear.


                          Yeah.





                CU of KAYLO'S face.


                          I've got Verona.

                We see that KAYLO is duct taped to an office chair in what
                appears to be an old warehouse, knife to his neck, held by
                unseen captors. He's been badly beaten up.




                CHEV is still going through the motions with EVE, but his
                attention has shifted 100% to the voice on the phone.


                          Kaylo?


                          I've got Verona, man.

                CHEV yanks it out and pulls up his pants.


                          What???


                          No shit.    Where are you?



                KAYLO sweats, looks off camera.    A hand presses the knife
                closer to his throat.


                          Don Kim's shirt factory.     Upstairs.







                CHEV finishes zipping up.


                              
                          What's the matter with you?!!


                                 
                          Shh.
                              
                          Downtown?




                              
                          Yeah.




                CHEV'S demeanor changes to an icy slow burn. He holds EVE
                back with one arm as she tries to get at him, flipping out.


                          Listen to me. You don't let that
                          motherfucker out of your sight. I'll be
                          there in ten minutes. You got that?


                              
                          OK, Chevy ...


                          Out.







                KAYLO looks up at his captors, miserably, as the phone clicks
                off. The CAMERA instantly flashes down to a low wide angle,
                looking straight up as a bag is thrown over KAYLO'S head and
                two unidentifiable men close in on him, lifting the chair off
                the ground ... then takes its time moving slowly down to
                reveal KAYLO'S feet, bicycling wildly, then twitching,
                finally just dangling ... both in fishnet and high heeled
                pumps. One pump falls to the concrete as KAYLO goes still


















                CHEV turns his attention back to EVE.


                          I have to go. Please understand.


                          No. Chev. I DO NOT UNDERSTAND.

                CHEV spots a flash of blue - COPS making their way through
                the crowd.


                           hit!

                He breaks away running, leaving EVE stranded half naked in
                the street, holding her torn dress up amidst a sea of gaping
                Chinese.


                              



                              (shouting back, voice trailing
                               off)
                          I'll call you!




                CHEV sits in the back, fading.



                HAITIAN CABBIE, 30's, in a sleeveless black mesh T-shirt.


                                 
                          Hey.

                 e adjusts the mirror to get a look at CHEV.   CHEV looks like
                hell - cold sweat, woozy, glass-eyed.


                          Hey man. What's the matter with you? You
                          a crackhead?


                          Right... just step on it, alright?




















                       Hey, you not gonna die in my cab,
                       crackhead.

          The HAITIAN CABBIE opens up his glove compartment and takes
          something out. CHEV'S eyes widen. A gun?


                       I got something for you.

          As the CABBIE turns around CHEV experiences a FLASH


          The CABBIE'S face is painted like a PSYCHEDELIC VOODOO SKULL
          in GLOWING BLACK LIGHT PAINT. He is grinning crazily.

          CHEV flinches in horror, but just like that the CABBIE is
          back to normal. He hands CHEV a vial of liquid.


                       You drink this Haitian shit, crackhead.
                       This right here is some hardcore shit.
                       Made from plant shit.


                           
                       Nice.


                           
                       What are you laughing at? Look at this!

          He flexes a HUGE BICEP.


                       You see that? That's what a man looks
                       like, crackhead. That's the power. Now
                       look at you.

           HEV narrows his eyes at the CABBIE, then shakes his head.


                       What the hell.

          He twists open the little vial and downs it in one gulp.



                            grimacing)
                       Tastes like ass.


                       That's right, devil. You wait.























               CHEV rolls his eyes and leans against the door, face pressed
               against the window glass.

                raffic flashes by at high speed then cuts to slo mo: The
               CAMERA ramps down to 120 f.p.s as a car rolls by CHEV'S taxi.
               A LITTLE BOY who could be younger version of CHEV himself
               rides in the back seat. They make eye contact as the cars
               cross paths.

               CHEV finds himself drifting into a dream state.





                HEV'S eyes are glazed, staring through the window.

               He notices something strange in the CAB'S rear view mirror -
               something RED.

               CHEV'S eyes WIDEN.





               WIDE SHOT: the CAB cruises by ... a low sound builds to a
               DEAFENING ROAR ... following the CAB, a giant RED PACMAN
               GHOST rumbles down the street, animated, two dimensional ...






               CHEV jerks awake, and back to his senses.


                         We're here.

                UBDUB ... LUBDUB ... LUBDUB ... LUBDUB ... steady.

               CHEV focuses his eyes on the empty vial.


                         What'd you say was in this stuff?


                         I told you: it's hardcore.

                hey pull up to the sidewalk in front of a run down, 40's era
               warehouse building at the outskirts of the LA Garment
               District. CHEV gets out.














                                   
                            Wow.


                            Five fifty five.

               CHEV digs through EVE'S purse, which he'd been holding in his
               lap the whole time, pulls out a fifty and hands it to the
               CABBIE. The CABBIE digs for change.


                            It's all you, man.    Keep it.


                            Have a nice day, devil.

               CHEV puts the purse over his shoulder, turns to take a look
               at the building.


                            Right...





               HIGH ANGLE: From an upper floor window someone is watching
               CHEV survey the building as the cab pulls away.






               CHEV walks toward the front door, then stops short.


                                
                            Wait a minute, wait a minute ...

               He glances toward the upper windows.


                                
                            This is fucked.

               He changes direction, heads around the side of the building.





               CHEV disappears.













                             Where's he going?





                CHEV comes up on a loading platform. Korean workers are
                loading boxes out of the building into the backs of trucks in
                the sweltering heat.

                He walks by them into the building without making eye contact
                with anyone. They barely notice.



                He skirts the packing floor and heads to a dilapidated
                freight elevator, gets on, starts up.



                The front and ceiling of the ELEVATOR are open, exposing the
                shaft, the cables and the passing floors; he reaches the 4TH
                FLOOR, heading up ... hundreds of Koreans sitting at sewing
                machines, all running at once, a mind numbing din ... windows
                painted over black, chipped and cracked in places with shards
                of light slicing through ... slow turning ceiling fans and
                long rows of fluorescent light beating down on the tables ...

                 HEV hops off and lets the elevator keep going.



                THE CAMERA follows CHEV through the room, along the humming
                rows of sewing machines. He crosses from one side of the
                room to another, where a single open window leading out to
                the fire escape streams sunlight. A SUPERVISOR, Korean,
                skinny, mid-thirties, stringy mustache, is dozed off in a
                chair by the window.

                CHEV walks right by, out the window and onto the fire escape.
                The CAMERA stays with him.



                CHEV beats his head into the brick wall, climbs up the fire
                escape, skips the next floor up, gets onto the roof.












                CHEV ducks behind a big ventilation duct. HOOD #2, mid 40's,
                stocky, is leaning over the edge of the building on the
                opposite side, looking for something - presumably CHEV -
                holding a cell phone up to his ear. His folded jacket and
                gun sit on the ledge beside him.

                We recognize the HOOD from CARLITO'S place; he was one of the
                men loitering around the pool.

                CHEV sneaks up.


                          How the hell should I know? He went in
                          where they load the boxes. Alright,
                          alright ...

                 e clicks off - and CHEV is on him, snatching up the HOOD'S
                gun, spinning him around and poking it into the soft flesh
                under his chin.


                              
                          Hey, what a coincidence, you like this
                          spot too?


                          Chevy!   Shit!


                          What the fuck is this, you working for
                          the Chinese now?


                          The Chinese... are you crazy?


                          Yeah I am.     Where's Kaylo?


                          Chevy ... I'm sorry, man ... I didn't ...


                              
                          OK, ding, time's up ...

                In one quick motion he grabs ahold of one of the HOOD'S legs,
                hoists him up over the ledge and TIPS HIM OFF THE SIDE OF THE
                BUILDING, then turns and heads for the roof access door ...






































                                 
                             You son of a ... !

                ... long seconds later, a THUD.




                The 5TH FLOOR is a little used storage level - stacked boxes,
                dusty file cabinets, garbage everywhere ... starkly lit with
                harsh overhead fixtures as old as the building itself. We
                recognize this as the room KAYLO called from ... more so
                because his LIMP BODY is still duct taped to the rolling
                office chair, now lying on its side in the middle of the
                room.

                  half dozen more HOODS are gathered in front of the freight
                elevator when CHEV appears behind them, taking everyone by
                surprise.

                 e's standing over KAYLO'S body, gun drawn, EVE'S beaded
                purse still slung over his shoulder, PISSING FIRE.


                             Alright, where is that motherfucker?

                The HOODS are completely taken by surprise; they back away
                from CHEV, spreading out.


                             Uh ... hey, Chev.

                The HOODS act almost guilty ... it's obvious everyone knows
                each other.


                             What the fuck is this?


                             Chevy, baby, take it easy.

                CHEV points the gun at HOOD #1's head; the others raise their
                guns at him.


                              ike this? WHERE'S VERONA?


                             Verona got nothing to do with this.


                             What?








                       Don Carlos wants you off the street.


                           
                       Carlito?


                       You've totally lost your shit, dude ...
                       you're all over the TV ... destroying
                       property, making unauthorized hits ...
                       you're causing the organization a great
                       deal of embarrassment.

          CHEV gestures toward KAYLO in disbelief.


                       Carlito ordered this?


                           
                       Look, forget about Verona. We'll take
                       care of him. The best thing for you to
                       do is to find a nice, dark, quiet place
                       and just ... die.


                       Just die.


                       Yeah.   Just ... die.

          CHEV'S HEARTBEAT starts to slow. The wooden elevator starts
          down. He looks around, making eye contact with the other



                       Maybe you're right.

          ... then down to KAYLO'S crumpled body. He sees the stocking
          feet, the pumps ... his HEART starts to jitter - THUDUB ...
          LUB ... THUDUB ... his vision doubles ... he starts to swoon



                           
                       I mean we all gotta die sometime, right?

          HOOD #1 snickers.     The others share a tense laugh.


                       That's true ... we all gotta die ...





















                CHEV stumbles, props himself up with one hand.


                          Right ... so ... let's all die ...


                          Eh?

                CHEV brings up his gun in the blink of an eye, draws a bead
                on HOOD #1 and is about to set off a SHOOTING GALLERY, when
                the ELEVATOR BELL CHIMES and the door SLIDES OPEN.

                EVE WALKS IN... looks around, and FREEZES.

                They all turn to look.


                          What the...?

                CHEV affords himself about a second and a half of BUG-EYED
                SHOCK before snapping out of it and DROPPING HOOD #1


                 HAOS BREAKS OUT as the others dive for cover and start
                blasting. CHEV yanks KAYLO'S chair up and shoves it toward
                the HOODS - then makes a break for the elevator shaft,
                grabbing EVE as he goes.

                 AYLO'S body screens CHEV and EVE as they run, taking hits,
                finally toppling over again. CHEV takes out another HOOD on
                the run, nailing him right between the eyes.

                 HEV turns his back on the hoods, covering EVE, as they make
                a dive into the open elevator shaft and takes a BULLET IN THE





                He spins and empties his clip at the HOODS, who hit the deck.

                EVE holds his ass as CHEV looks down the open elevator shaft.
                The elevator is half a floor down, moving slow. He grabs
                EVE, then the cable... they jump for it.



                CHEV and EVE hit the floor of the moving elevator with a
                CRASH and roll out onto the 4th floor. The workers are all
                in a panic, standing by their sewing machines - they've
                obviously heard the shots. The SUPERVISOR is walking around,
                shoving them back into their seats, screaming at everyone in
                Korean to keep working.












                The SUPERVISOR, all of five feet, walks right up to CHEV and
                EVE, and starts screaming at them in broken English.


                             You!    Assholes! What you want!

                EVE completely FLIPS OUT and starts SHOUTING DOWN the little
                man.






                             Nice.

                The door on the far end of the room BUSTS OPEN and HOODS pour
                in from the stairwell. They spot him.

                CHEV and EVE duck low and start hoofing it down the rows of
                machines toward the windows. The HOODS fan out. They play
                cat and mouse in the maze of sewing machines and Koreans
                while the SUPERVISOR, oblivious, continues screaming and
                forcing the workers back into their chairs.

                CHEV puts a finger to EVE'S lips, calming her momentarily...

                ... then comes up behind a youngish HOOD and shoves the
                HOOD'S gun hand under a vicious looking sewing machine at
                least fifty years old, operated by a Korean woman even older.



                 HEV grabs the gun. They make for the fire escape.



                They reach the bottom of the ladder and are PINNED DOWN by
                gunfire from above.

                CHEV gives her a LOOK that says it all.


                             I had to see if you were telling the
                             truth... oh, and you have my purse.

                CHEV notices the purse still over his shoulder, takes it off
                and hands it to her. With a quick upward glance he breaks
                cover and squeezes off 4 SHOTS, nailing two HOODS on the fire
                escape.


                             Come on! Wait -

















          She freezes - one of the DEAD HOODS lands with a THUD in the
          spot she would've been -


                       ... OK, now come on.

          EVE is pale as a sheet. She steps over the body like she was
          avoiding a particularly large pile of cow shit... CHEV grabs
          her hand and yanks her along.

          He spots EVE'S CAR parked BACKWARDS across the street and
          they make a desperate RUN FOR IT as more shots WHIZ AND
          RICOCHET off the pavement.

          EVE is rifling through her purse as they run. Naturally CHEV
          assumes she's looking for the CAR KEYS.


                       Darn it, I forgot to take my birth
                       control pill.

          CHEV answers the gunfire with shots of his own, buying them a
          few seconds, then grabs the purse and shakes the contents out
          onto the ground.

           o keys.


                        here's the keys?

           VE holds out her hand, where she's had them all along.


                           
                       Cool.


                       My stuff...

          She looks like she's about to wander around, gathering up her
          things, when another volley of shots BLOWS OUT THE PASSENGER
          WINDOW of the car.

          CHEV picks EVE up like a sack of grain and THROWS HER, HEAD
          FIRST, THROUGH THE PASSENGER WINDOW, INTO THE CAR, then runs
          around the other side, hops in and PEELS OUT.



          EVE gets herself turned upright and stares at CHEV, hair full
          of windshield glass.

























                       You weren't lying.


                       Welcome to my life.


                           
                       No, I mean: that you were going to give
                       it all up for me.


                       Oh. Yeah.


                       And the other part?


                       The poison? Yeah, that's true too.

           e SLAMS his fist against the wheel.


                           
                       Then... that means...


                       Pretty much.


                       How can we stop it?


                       Adrenaline. It's the only thing that
                       slows it down.


                           
                       So... when we were in Chinatown...?


                       Yeah. Sorry.

          A LOOK OF DETERMINATION comes over her. She reaches for his
          crotch.


                       What are you doing?


                        his will get you going.


















                    Come on, let's finish what you started.

          CHEV'S eyes flash to the rearview mirror and GO WIDE. He
          grabs the back of EVE'S head and PUSHES IT DOWN INTO HIS LAP -
          just as a BULLET SLICES THROUGH THE REAR WINDSHIELD and out
          the front.

          EVE'S head STAYS DOWN.


                    Oh boy...

          CHEV is straining against the seat, EVASIVE DRIVING as she
          GOES DOWN on him.


                    Oh yeah, that's... that's really working
                    for me...

          EVE'S head pops up. E


                        
                    You like that?

          Shots whiz by.


                    Stay down.

          He pushes her head back down.

          CHEV'S heart is POUNDING like a jackhammer. He's got himself
          arched into a crazy position, making it happen.


                    That's it that's it that's it... just a
                    little...

          EVE'S head quickly pops back up. She PUSHES AWAY.


                        
                    What's the matter?


                        
                    So you can fall asleep like you always
                    do? I don't think so.




















          CHEV loses his mind.

          He SLAMS THE BRAKES to put the car into a SLIDE, exposing his
          driver side to the pursuing sedan - punches his gun hand out
          the window and BLASTS AWAY.

          He NAILS THE DRIVER BETWEEN THE EYES... the window
          DISINTEGRATES... The SEDAN full of HOODS skids into the
          sidewalk. Steam pours from the radiator.



          CHEV gets out and walks DIRECTLY UP TO THE SEDAN, one hand
          holding his gun straight out in front of him, the other
          PULLING UP HIS JOGGING PANTS, which are bunched up around his
          knees.

          CHEV unloads the entire clip into the SEDAN before any of the
          HOODS can react.

           e walks back to EVE'S CAR, cool as a cucumber, gets in and
          pulls away.



          EVE'S face has turned a distinct shade of PALE GREEN.


                    Are they... OK?

          CHEV looks at her like she's nuts.


                    They're dead.

          EVE is overwhelmed.


                    How can you... how can you do that...?

          CHEV barely hears her - he's become DISTRACTED, flexing his
          left hand and feeling around his legs.


                    I told you, baby... I quit.

          He spots something, hits the brakes.


                    Wait here.

          He jumps out.

















                CHEV almost COLLAPSES when his feet hit the ground. It seems
                like the left half of his body has simply stopped working.


                          Jesus Christ! Now what...?

                He unsnaps the buttons of the warm-up pants to reveal that
                his left leg has TURNED GREY.

                He's HALF DEAD.


                          What's the matter?


                              
                          Stay.

                They've pulled up across the street from a HARDWARE STORE.
                CHEV drags his carcass across the street, oblivious to the
                traffic swerving and braking to avoid him, and stumbles in.

                EVE stays in the car for a few seconds, looking lost, then
                pulls herself together and gets out.

                She follows CHEV'S path, crossing the street through traffic.

                 TORE EMPLOYEES and CUSTOMERS start bailing out of the store
                in a PANIC as she approaches the front doors. She walks
                through them and INSIDE.



                EVE dream-walks through the store, past the registers,
                following CHEV'S trail of BLOOD-SMEARED FOOTPRINTS.

                A pimple-faced STOCK CLERK blows by her, not looking back.


                          He's got a gun!

                She turns the corner and there's CHEV - he's propped up in
                the middle of an aisle in front of a bin of NAILS, HAMMER in
                one hand...

                 e's already hammered SIX FRAMING NAILS INTO HIS LEG and is
                busy POUNDING IN NUMBER SEVEN.

                He looks up at her, eyes wild.










                             I can't feel my leg.

                EVE is speechless.



                At first CHEV doesn't understand where the SOUND is coming
                from ... he looks around as if a RED GHOST might glide around
                a random corner any second ... then realizes his CELL is in
                his pocket. He answers it.



                              ello?


                             Chevy! Holy shit, man, I've been trying
                             to reach you for a half hour.


                             Where are you?





                DOC is calling from the broken down apartment we saw earlier.
                CHOCOLATE is kicking back on a worn, brown imitation leather
                sofa in the background, watching TV.


                             I'm at my office. Can you get here?





                SIRENS approach outside.      CHEV meets EVE'S eyes, shakes his
                head: unbelievable.


                             Sure, why not?





                An IV bag bubbles, a portable HEART MONITOR beeps. The
                CAMERA follows the drip down to CHEV'S arm. He's lying on
                the brown sofa, wheezing thickly. Some kind of Court TV show
                plays on the tube in the background.



















          DOC MILES crouches beside CHEV, examines the heart monitor,
          shakes his head.


                       I owe you again, Doc.


                       You're my best customer.


                            gesturing with his head at the

                       What is this stuff?


                       Synthetic ephedrine, diluted with saline.


                       It feels sort of good.


                       Oh, I also gave you a little meth.
                       That's the endorphins rushing into to
                       your brain that you're feeling.


                       So I'm not... better?


                       Fuck no. You're in such shit shape it's
                       stunning. I've never seen a heart take
                       this kind of punishment and keep ticking.
                       You should be in a fucking medical
                       journal or something.


                       So... what are you going to do?

          DOC just shrugs.


                       The solution I'm giving you is acting as
                       a competitive inhibitor... meaning it
                       pushes the poison out of your receptors
                       and replaces it with a chemical... it's a
                       temporary fix...


                       Then what?





















                    Look, if we put you on life support we
                    could maybe string you out for a few
                    days, but at some point you'd almost
                    certainly lapse into a coma... and
                    then...

          And now it hits CHEV for the first time: this is really it.
          He seems like he might break down.


                        (cocking his head toward the
                         next room)
                    Does she know?





          EVE and CHOCOLATE are sitting cross-legged on the mattress,
          staring blankly at the TV.


                        
                    I hate television.

          CHOCOLATE looks sideways at her: the white girl is CRAZY.



          DOC shakes his head NO.

          CHEV broods silently.


                     f you want, I can load you up with
                    something, you'll go out in a beautiful
                    dream.


                    A dream.

          FLASH CUT: A RED GHOST, pulsing.


                        
                    Can I do that for you, Chev?


                    No... no, that's not what I want.


                    Then ... what?







                CHEV'S moment of weakness passes. His face goes grim with
                vengeance as the mean bastard inside him kicks in. He looks
                DOC MILES in the eye.


                             One hour.

                DOC MILES regards him blankly.


                             I want one hour.





                RICKY VERONA and his CREW are in the back, watching a noisy
                satellite feed on dual plasma TV screens. A JAPANESE GIRL in
                a red blazer, one of the TOURISTS from the bus, is being
                interviewed in Japanese amidst a crowd of her semi-identical
                friends. A TRANSLATION is overdubbed.




                The GIRLS giggle.




                VERONA rolls his eyes.


                             Give me a fucking break...

                The BROADCAST cuts to a MONTAGE: The trashed restaurant, the
                burning Police motorcycle, the car crashed into the mall
                escalator, POLICE sifting through wreckage, finally the
                sketch of CHEV'S face.



                             And so the wild rampage that began at 9
                             AM this morning in West Los Angeles
                             continues, with the mysterious suspect
                             still at large.


                             Maybe we shoulda give him more of that
                             Chinese shit.
















                           
                       Oh ... you think?    Jesus ...

          His cell phone rings.       He checks it.


                           
                       It's him. Alright, shut up.

          He answers.


                       What's up, corpse.


                       Hey douchebag, thought you might be
                       interested in a little deal.


                       A deal?   You're mental, dude.


                       I want the antidote.


                       Oh, the antidote, huh?

          VERONA makes eye contact with his CREW, covering the
          mouthpiece of the phone; they all try to keep from breaking
          up.


                       That's right.


                       And what are you prepared to give me.
                       Asshole.


                       How about the jewelry I got off your
                       faggot brother, you cocksucker?

          This stings VERONA. He pulls the phone away from his face,
          looks at it like he wants to smash it into bits, then pulls
          himself together and puts it back to his ear.


                           
                       Hmmm.


                       Thinking about it?







                VERONA pantomimes jacking off for the boys.


                          Alright.


                          You like that deal?


                          Whatever.


                          I'll be at Downtown Standard in twenty
                          minutes. You know the spot?


                          Of course.


                          Don't be late, or I'll trade this thing
                          to some whore for a hand job ...


                              
                          I'll be there.

                He clicks off, then sits there, seething.


                              
                          What the hell are you looking at?

                They turn back toward the plasma screens. VERONA takes a
                deep breath, then speed dials a number on the cell phone.


                          Verona. You're not going to believe the
                          call I just got.





                MONTAGE TO MUSIC: more of L.A. at 3 f.p.s. - the traffic
                flowing, trains zapping by, commuters commuting, everything
                at a thousand miles an hour.


                          It's going to be alright, baby.














                From a distance, in a locked off TELEPHOTO frame, we see CHEV
                walking toward the CAMERA in slow motion, 100 f.p.s.

                Dialog from an UNSEEN CONVERSATION is layered over the image.


                          But... you said...


                          I know. But things have changed. There's
                          an antidote. I can make a deal for it,
                          but I've got to go alone.

                He's well dressed in a sportcoat, slacks, button down shirt
                and tie, flapping in the wind ... sunglasses, and look of
                brutal determination on his face ...


                          I'm scared.


                          Of course. But you'll be safe now. And
                          I'll be back.

                In a series of dissolves he comes straight at the CAMERA til
                his face fills the frame ...







                EVE looks up into CHEV'S eyes, absolutely vulnerable,
                absolutely STUNNING. Pale sunlight punches through the half
                rolled blinds.


                          Do you promise?

                CHEV meets her gaze.


                          I promise.





                CHEV bangs through the revolving glass doors to the hotel.























                The CAMERA shifts to a ROUGH HANDHELD POV, similar to the
                shot that starts the film. The MUSIC is replaced by the
                SOUND of CHEV'S labored BREATHING and HEARTBEAT. The POV
                doubles, goes in and out of focus.

                 n one continuous shot he approaches the STANDARD HOTEL and
                walks past the valets into the RETRO-MOD LOBBY.



                The shot continues as CHEV moves through the LOBBY and makes
                a beeline for the RESTROOM. Scattered around are hard
                looking DUDES pretending to read newspapers ... he passes
                them by, avoiding eye contact.



                The bathroom is empty. He walks into a stall, shuts the door
                and opens his coat - we see a PAGER-SIZED device clipped to
                his belt - a green LED is illuminated.

                 EVERSE: CHEV adjusts a tiny knob on the device.   His face is
                shiny with perspiration.

                He pulls out his shirt tails ... we see that a small tube
                runs from the device to a needle inserted in the base of

                spine, taped up with white adhesive.

                 HEV tucks the shirt back carefully, takes a series of deep
                breaths and leaves the stall.



                He bangs open the door to the restroom and pushes past three
                of the DUDES, who were about to go in. They let him pass,
                trying to avoid attention.

                CHEV makes his way to the ELEVATORS, hits the UP button.    The
                doors open, he gets on. The DUDES watch from the LOBBY.



                A JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN - early 50s, compact and under five
                feet, immaculately groomed - hustles on as the doors slide
                shut. He stands opposite CHEV against the wall and stares at
                him, expressionless.


                             What's happening, brother?

                Silence.














          CHEV takes a small bottle of PILLS from his coat pocket and
          swallows them dry.

          He closes his eyes and leans against the wall to steady
          himself as the effect of the pills washes over him.

           n UNEXPECTED VOICE breaks the silence.


                       Where did I go wrong?

          CHEV'S eyes SNAP OPEN.    The JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN stares back,
          impassively.


                           
                       Did you say something?

          Now the JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN answers - but when he moves his
          lips, it's the voice of A WOMAN IN HER 40s.


                       Like talking to the wall...


                       Mom?


                       I'm amazed you remember you have a
                       mother.

          CHEV shakes his head in disbelief, tries to clear his eyes,
          but the HALLUCINATION persists.


                       You never call, you never write... I
                       haven't seen you since you ran out at



                           
                       Right, with you popping Valium like Tic
                       Tacs and balling some new asshole every
                       two weeks... why wouldn't I stick around
                       for entertainment like that?


                       That's hurtful.

          CHEV is an instant ball of regret.



















                        
                    Mom, I got no time for this...

          The JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN cuts him off - this time the voice
          is ORLANDO'S.


                    You got no time, period.


                    Orlando?


                     ou a persistent motherfucker, Chev
                    Chelios, I'll give you that.


                        
                    This is weird.


                    But you know this has got to stop
                    sometime. What do you think you are,
                    Michael Myers? They pop you and you just
                    keep gettin up?


                    I'm the Terminator.

          The JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN does another transformation - this
          time into ALEX.


                    You was that, maybe. But there's a new
                    gun in town.


                    Don't tell me you're talking about your
                    bro, Def Lepard.


                    He did you pretty good, didn't he?


                    Yeah, not so much. I don't get it - why
                    didn't you guys just cut me up alive when
                    you had the chance?


                    Verona said you was Chev Chelios - A.K.A.
                    Death On Two Legs.





















                    He said you probably been a contract
                    killer since grade school.

           s he speaks, ALEX'S voice transforms again, this time into
          CHEV'S... he's now talking to A MIRROR OF HIMSELF...


                    Bipolar. Sadomasochistic tendencies.
                    Adrenaline junkie. Addicted to
                    violence... probably spends every day of
                    his life looking for the big thrill, the
                    big rush. Cutting up a guy like that
                    while he screams in his own blood and
                    excrement would be like... like a GIFT...
                    a warrior's death... hell, you'd probably
                    get off on it...


                    Did you rehearse this?


                    No, this was the best way for a guy like
                    you: a slow, ticking clock... winding
                    down... inevitable... non-negotiable...
                    until...


                        
                    Who the hell are you, anyway?


                    Don't you know?


                        
                    I think I'm starting to figure it out.


                    Yeah, well, better late than never.
                        
                    You know you're going to die up there.


                        
                    Yeah, maybe.

           he CAMERA holds CHEV'S gaze for a long moment, unflinching.


                    But I'm taking you with me.

          REVERSE, CU: The JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN has TRANSFORMED INTO A
          GIANT BLUE GHOST, pulsing silently.








                CUT TO: wide angle TWO SHOT, CHEV and the flat, two
                dimensional, computer animated GHOST, facing each other at
                opposite ends of the elevator.

                SOUND: the CHIME SOUNDS, signalling they've reached the top
                floor.

                 HEV glances at the lit floor number display, then back.

                The JAPANESE MAN stares back at him, blank.


                              
                          Some pills, Doc.

                The JAPANESE MAN ignores him. When the doors open, he
                hustles off ... past two GOONS, who are waiting there for


                They each take an arm.


                          Easy ...


                          This way.



                The GOONS lead CHEV through a posh dining area, down a dark
                corridor.

                They frisk him, finding the obvious .45 in the shoulder
                holster, yank it out and push him into a SMOKING LOUNGE.



                CARLITO and RICKY VERONA sit side by side at the table. An
                iced bucket of champagne, good cigars. GOONS chill in the
                corners. The whole floor has been cleared out - they've got
                the place all to themselves.


                              
                          What's up, dead?


                          Looks like everyone's here.


                              
                          Chelios... what a fucking mess you are.

























                       No shit.


                       Why don't you sit down?


                       Wait a minute.
                            gesturing to the GOONS by the
                            door)
                       Pat him down again. He's carrying
                       something.

          The GOONS give him another look. This time they reach down
          his pants and produce a second small, concealed handgun ...
          then discover the pager-like device. One of the goons rips
          the tube from CHEV's back - CHEV winces in pain. His
          HEARTRATE starts to slow almost immediately.


                       Let me see that.

          A GOON tosses it to him.


                       Clever ... what is this, an insulin pump?


                       Basically.


                       What the fuck is insulin?

          CARLITO shuts him up with a look.


                           
                       Ephedrine, right?

          CHEV nods. CARLITO places the device carefully on the table.


                           
                       Very resourceful ...

           e reaches into his coat pocket, produces a pair of black
          leather gloves and starts to put them on.


                            to Verona)
                       Found a new master, you little bitch, is
                       that it?









                    I'm nobody's little bitch.


                        
                    We'll see what kind of a bitch you are
                    when Carlito hires you for half what he
                    used to pay me... and you take it.


                    That's enough.


                    You'll probably throw boss a nice little
                    reach-around just to show what a good
                    bitch you are.


                    I'm nobody's little bitch, you hear me?
                    He'll pay what I tell him to pay...!


                    I said that's enough.
                        
                    It's been a long day. But in the end, you
                    must agree, it all works out quite
                    nicely. Don Kim gets his bullet, thanks
                    to you...

          CARLITO unlatches a 2'x6" beautifully crafted mahogany wood
          case sitting on the table in front of him. It contains
          several SYRINGES and bottle of MILKY FLUID. He removes one
          SYRINGE from the box with a gloved hand. It almost glows in
          the soft light.      C

                    ... and Hong Kong gets a goat to take the
                    fall. Please understand, Chev, it's truly
                    nothing personal.


                    Speak for yourself.

          CARLITO squirts a little of the MILKY LIQUID.


                    Is that what I think it is?

          CARLITO nods.











                    The Chinese shit.
                        
                    Hold him down.

          In a flash, CHEV WHIPS OUT A GUN - everyone FLINCHES... but
          no, wait: he's just holding out his fist, pointing the STICK-
          EM-UP FINGER right between CARLITO'S eyes.


                    Not so fast, motherfucker.

          For a beat, no one knows quite how to react. VERONA chuckles
          nervously.


                    Dude's gone dipsy doodle...

          CHEV whips the finger toward VERONA, shutting him down mid-
          word. VERONA shrugs it off with less than 100% confidence...
          the room EXHALES.


                    Whatever, psycho...


                    I'm afraid the Houdini act is over,
                    Chelios.

          A GOON makes a move for CHEV... but CHEV spins on him,
          leveling the finger at the GOON'S forehead, and pulls the
          "trigger"...


                        
                    Booosh!

          The GOON'S head is rocked back, a NICKEL-SIZED HOLE popped
          right through the cranium... a GLORIOUS FOUNTAIN OF CRIMSON
          arcs from the GOON'S forehead across the table, splashing
          into the ice bucket.


                        
                    Ourfather whoartinheaven hallowedbethy -


                    Shut up, Verona.


                    So this is how it is.

          Everyone turns...














          DON KIM,   in a Ralph Lauren polo shirt and white slacks, is
          standing   at the entrance of the bar. He's got an ASIAN
          GANGSTER   on each side, one of them holding out a smoking,
          silenced   GLOCK .9mm.

          More ASIAN GANGSTERS appear all around, moving in, taking
          position. The GANGSTERS all look about 16 years old, dressed
          for a hot night at the FLORENTINE GARDENS... but their eyes
          are dead-blank COLD AS HELL.


                      What... you... he...


                      Presto.

          One of CARLITO'S GOONS points an UZI at DON KIM... and is
          FILLED FULL OF LEAD in the blink of an eye by a pair of
          ASIANS on his blind side... who are CUT TO RIBBONS by another
          of CARLITO'S MEN... and ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE.

          CARLITO scrambles away from the table and grabs one of his
          GOONS, using him as a shield as he makes his way behind the
          bar... the GOON absorbs a hail of bullets...

          VERONA whips out a .357 MAGNUM, turns toward CHEV...

           ummoning a surge of strength from out of his ass, CHEV kicks
          the table forward, pinning VERONA'S legs to the bench - the
          ICE BUCKET slides into CHEV'S lap...

           e snatches out a bottle of Dom Perignon and fastballs it at
          VERONA'S GUN HAND... the bottle SHATTERS... VERONA bobbles
          the .357... it hits the ground - GOES OFF - and the four
          fingers of VERONA'S right hand are VAPORIZED.

          VERONA SHRIEKS like a ten year old girl at a JUSTIN
          TIMBERLAKE concert.

          Behind the bar, CARLITO quickly punches up his cell phone.


                      Get me out of here! NOW!



          A PILOT is standing by in CARLITO'S personal HELICOPTER,
          waiting on the roof.


                      Yes sir.

          He fires her up, LIFTS OFF...







          CARLITO'S and DON KIM'S MEN have backed into opposite corners
          of the room, and are firing back and forth.

          VERONA crawls along the floor, gathering up what's left of
          his fingers... comes across a SYRINGE and grabs it in his
          teeth like a PIRATE'S KNIFE.

          DON KIM stands amidst the chaos, completely unperturbed.


                        
                    I'll kill you for this, Chelios!


                    Too late!

          CHEV swoons, almost passes out... catches sight of a GUN and
          pries it from the hand of a dead GOON... he spots VERONA'S
          FEET disappearing behind a wall, takes a bead and fires -
          blowing off a set of toes to go with the fingers.

          An ASIAN GANGSTER runs up and lobs a GRENADE behind the
          BAR... it bounces along and comes to rest next to CARLITO.

          CARLITO thinks quick, grabbing one of his GOONS - a 265
          pounder - from behind...


                    Get down!

          He BODY-TACKLES the BIG MAN onto the floor, right on top of
          the live grenade, and brings his weight down on top of him.


                    Thanks, boss.



          The BIG GOON'S body absorbs the blast, which picks them both
          up five feet in the air... CARLITO, momentarily airborne,
          pops up from behind the bar like a JACK IN THE BOX, then
          drops back down with a THUD...


                    Ronnie James Dio...!

          The LOUNGE opens into a daylight drenched POOL AREA...
          CARLITO'S HELICOPTER drops down into view, roiling up the
          water...

          CARLITO makes a break for it.








                             Oh no you don't...

                CHEV goes after him, spinning and careening across the slick
                floor like a CHARLIE CHAPLIN DRUNK ACT, dodging bullets and
                blasting away...





                Police have surrounded the hotel and are pouring into the
                Lobby in teams. Squad cars, CHERRY TOPS FLASHING, SWAT vans
                pulled up on to the curb, people roped off, crowd control,
                news vans, the works.

                  TV REPORTER is sending a live feed amidst the pandemonium.


                             Police have moved to surround the
                             Downtown Standard Hotel, where the
                             suspect ... the unidentified madman ...
                             is believed to be holed up and making a
                             desperate last stand ...!





                CHEV staggers out into the daylight as the windows to the
                restaurant shatter - and is met by a SWIRLING RUSH OF WIND as
                the HELICOPTER attempts to set down amidst the chaise lounges
                and futuristic plastic cabanas.

                CARLITO is climbing in as CHEV clambers up and GRABS HIM FROM
                BEHIND. CARLITO spins; CHEV shoves the gun in his face.


                             Present from Kaylo.

                But just as he's about to pull the trigger, he FREEZES...
                face TWITCHING... knees BUCKLING...

                ... and we see that VERONA has come up behind him and JAMMED


                CHEV drops to his knees.    His HEARTBEAT is deafening,



                                 
                             Now what? Now say shit!

















                                 
                             Jesus, man, where the fuck where you?

                VERONA grabs the gun out of CHEV'S hand and points it at





                He blows CARLITO away with three shots.

                The PILOT starts to lift off in a blue panic. VERONA shoves
                CHEV aside and hops into the back seat, pointing his gun at
                the PILOT'S head.


                             That's right, motherfucker!   FLY!

                VERONA whips the gun around as the bird rises, intending to

                finish CHEV off from the air ...

                 .. and has the gun removed from his hand by CHEV, who has
                climbed onto the landing skids, hooking his dead arm inside
                the passenger space, going up with them.

                DON KIM watches the HELICOPTER rise as his MEN finish off the
                last of CARLITO'S GOONS...


                             Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from
                             your friend's forehead.

                    GANGSTER gives him a sidelong look.


                                 
                             Confucius.

                ... the DOOR BUSTS IN and the place is crawling with S.W.A.T.



                CHEV'S HEARTBEAT IS SLAMMING as the bird rises high above the
                rooftop and the surrounding streets. He wrestles his way up
                into the back seat as VERONA tries desperately to push him
                out.

                NEWS HELICOPTERS hover around the midair struggle like wasps,
                shooting across at the action.




















                LIVE TELEVISION BROADCAST: An announcer babbles over

                phenomenal live video of CHEV and VERONA struggling in the
                helicopter.





                CHEV has VERONA locked up; both men are fighting with just
                one hand ... VERONA manages to work his up to CHEV'S
                shoulder, where the steel needle still pokes through. He
                slides it out and stabs at CHEV'S face ... CHEV catches his
                wrist in time to hold him off, but his grip is slipping ...

                The spaces between CHEV'S HEARTBEATS have grown longer and
                longer ... he's obviously having a massive coronary ...


                             You're dead, you're dead, you're dead!

                 HEV swoons; his eyes roll back in his head ... he starts to
                go limp, fall backwards ...

                Then, with a final rush of adrenaline, he grabs VERONA by the
                neck and pulls him along.

                The two men FALL FROM THE HELICOPTER.

                CHEV continues to strangle VERONA in midair.


                             I told you I'd kill you, you son of a
                             bitch!

                VERONA'S eyes bulge in disbelief. CHEV continues to strangle
                him until VERONA goes limp, glassy eyed ... CHEV finally lets
                go ... VERONA'S body drifts away ...


                             There.


                Now he's alone, free falling ... it's almost peaceful up
                here.



                It occurs to him he still has his cell phone. He retrieves
                it from his coat pocket and clicks a speed dial.
























                SLOW ZOOM in on EVE'S answering machine as he talks.


                          ... leave a message.




                          Hey doll. Looks like I let you down
                          again. You were right about me ... funny,
                          you really have time to reflect on things
                          when you know you're going to die ...
                          seems like all my life I've just been
                          going, going, going ... I wish I'd taken
                          more time to stop and smell the roses, so
                          to speak, but well, I guess it's too late
                          now... you were the greatest, baby.





                Still frame of a city street, traffic sounds - CAMERA down on
                the ground. A homeless guy ambles along, looks up, hustles
                his ass out of the way ...

                 ERONA hits the ground - SMACK! - BOUNCES, flies out of
                frame.

                Next is CHEV - he SLAMS off the canvas top of a moving
                convertible car - BAM!

                 HEV flies high out of frame, then comes down hard, smashing
                into a NEWS STAND right in front of the CAMERA ... TRADES and
                FISH WRAPS rain over CHEV and the surrounding area... on each
                a different HEADLINE... "Bo Sox Break The Curse"... "Bush To
                Swiss: You're Next"... etc.

                The screen CUTS TO BLACK.

                A beat of silence... is that it?

                then -







