                                    DUNE




                                        December 9, 1983



     Also known as DUNE, home of the Fremen, former
     Zenzunni wanderers.





     FADE IN to the dark eyes of the mysterious face of
     the REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO, who sits against smooth
     black rock. Her eyes are deep blue-within-blue and
     her skin is a haunting translucent white. Her voice
     ECHOES as if in a great cavern.


               We are the secret of the Universe.


               Bi-la kaifa.


               We are the secret of the Universe. We know
               of spice...the spice called melange...the
               greatest treasure in the Universe. It
               exists on only one planet - ours Arrakis,
               Dune. We know of spice and the Bene
               Gesserit sisterhood's selective breeding
               plan of ninety generations to produce the
               Kwisatz Haderach, the one the spice will
               awaken.


               Bi-la kaifa.


               And now the prophecy...

     Silence...then a powerful low organ NOTE resounding
     in the cavernous space.


               He will come...the voice from the outer
               world, bringing the holy war, the Jihad,
               which will cleanse the Universe and bring
               us out of darkness. He will have been born
               of a Bene Gesserit mother.

     The Reverend Mother continues speaking of the
     Prophecy, but we do not hear it. The huge wind organ
     BLOWS louder and louder, obscuring her voice.

     The picture FADES.



     Home planet of House Corrino and Shadam IV, Emperor
     of the known universe.



     FADE IN to:

     ...interior of one drop of water. The image changes
     subtly.



     PULL BACK to a shot revealing the outside of the
     drop. There is a distant ROARING and within the drop
     we can see the distorted image of a space ship
     landing on a sophisticated landing field.

3.   



     On the dark landing field, chemicals spill out of
     the ship in troughs and tank-suited Guildsmen begin
     to swarm out of a hatch opening.

4. through 6.  



     The EMPEROR is surrounded by crowds of COURTIERS in
     his Throne Room.

     Suddenly a GUARD enters from a small door and
     quickly crosses to ANOTHER GUARD. A warning SOUND
     begins. The Emperor turns nervously. Guards quickly
     begin to clear the large room. Several women are
     rushed toward us to a door beyond. One of the woman,
     IRULAN, stops and turns back for a worried, caring
     look to her father, the Emperor.


               Father.


               Irulan.

     She sees that SARDAUKAR OFFICERS are surrounding him
     now, speaking to him. Irulan turns and leaves. The
     Emperor moves away from his officers to the center
     of the now-empty room. He drops his golden robe from
     his shoulders. He stands in his elegant black
     uniform, thinking.

     The Reverend Mother is ushered in and the Sardaukar
     Officers leave her alone with the Emperor.


                    
               A Third Stage Guild Navigator will be here
               within minutes!


               We felt his presence.


               I shall want telepathy during his visit
               and a report when we're finished.


               Their minds are so.... They move in
               strange directions....


               Yes?


               Forced spice evolution of humans changes
               many things.... I must sit close to him.


               He will not permit anyone but me to see
               him. You must be outside this room.... Do
               what you can.


               I am your Truthsayer, my lord...
                    
               He is here, my lord.

     Under the carved inscription "Law is the Ultimate
     Science", the doors to the Emperor's chambers slide
     open and FIFTY GUILDSMEN wheel in a forty-foot long
     giant black box. One of the Guildsmen addresses the
     Emperor through a translating device.


               The Bene Gesserit witch must leave.

     The Emperor looks to the Reverend Mother.


               Leave us.


               Yes, my Lord.


                    
               We are alone...



     The Reverend Mother enters through doors and takes a
     seat on a chair just outside the door. She closes
     her eyes.



     Inside the Emperor's chamber, the TANK-SUITED
     GUILDSMEN are arranging themselves in a "V"
     formation around the box. Suddenly the box opens,
     slowly and beautifully revealing a huge, thick glass
     tank. Inside the tank floats a THIRD STAGE NAVIGATOR
     twenty feet long, much like a cross between a pasty,
     pale human being and a fleshy grasshopper.

     The tank is filled with swirling orange spice-gas,
     and Guildsmen continuously vacuum up the toxic
     chemical spills dripping from under the tank.
     Suddenly the Guild Navigator swims towards the
     Emperor. His head is enormous and fleshy, like a
     huge grasshopper head -- the eyes are totally deep
     blue. His voice is a high, fleshy whispering and an
     intricate electrical apparatus in the front of the
     tank translates into English and broadcasts it into
     the room.


               We have just folded space from Ix...


                    
               Yes?... How was your journey?


                    
               Many machines on Ix... new machines.


               Oh yes?


               Better than those on Richesse.. You are
               transparent... I see many things... I see
               plans within plans.


               Is there a problem?... Usually there is a
               problem when one of you makes a visit.

     No answer.


                    
               The answer is within the problem...



     Outside the Emperor's chamber the Reverend Mother
     sits, her eyes closed, straining.




     A very blurred scene of the Emperor with the Guild
     Navigator. She is not getting the English version
     but a much different language version which is
     fascinating to listen to. A lilting, sing-song
     monologue.




               I see two Great Houses -- House Atreides,
               House Harkonnen -- feuding... I see you
               behind it.


               Yes.

     The Navigator breathes the spice-gas heavily and
     swishes gently in his tank.


               You must share with us.


               The Atreides house is building a secret
               army!... using a technique unknown to
               us... a technique involving sound. The
               Duke is becoming more popular in the
               Landsraad... he could threaten me.... I
               have ordered House Atreides to occupy
               Arrakis to mine the spice... thus
               replacing their enemies the Harkonnens....
               House Atreides will not refuse because of
               the tremendous power they think they will
               gain. Then, at an appointed time Baron
               Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and
               launch a sneak attack on House Atreides...
               I have promised the Baron five legions of
               my Sardaukar terror troops.


               So the Harkonnens will rid you of House
               Atreides...


               Yes.



     Outside, the Reverend Mother is seeing the scene
     mentally. She suddenly sees and flinches.




     The Guild Navigator turns toward her and comes very
     close to her. We hear the Navigator speak to her.


                    
               Reverend Mother... I will give you the
               Tleilaxu Path.


                    
               A chance for escape? But for whom?




               Can you hear me?... If this visit has
               anything to do with spice...

     The Guild Navigator shudders and swishes quite
     violently in his tank.


               LISTEN TO ME!! The spice must flow... the
               spice has given me accelerated evolution
               for four thousand years... it has enabled
               you to live two hundred years... the spice
               helps make the sapho juice, which gives
               the red-lipped mentats the ability to be
               living computers... the secret side of
               spice... the water of life.




               He shouldn't speak of this...




               ...gives the Bene Gesserit sisterhood the
               metaphysical ability to see beyond...to
               have superior powers... Our power to fold
               space is in the spice... Without us, your
               empire would be lost on isolated scattered
               planets... You would be lost.


               I can assure you...


               Do not interrupt!!! Do not speak lightly
               of the spice... ONE SMALL POINT...




               Here it comes...




               We ourselves... foresee a slight problem
               within House Atreides.... Paul.... Paul
               Atreides.


               You mean, of course, Duke Leto Atreides...
               his father.

Page missing



     High on the rock cliff stands Castle Caladan, Its
     appearance us dark and medieval. There is a window
     on the seaward wall lit from within...



     ...by a drifting glowglobe. Paul sits at an L-shaped
     table studying filmbooks and maps of Arrakis and the
     Universe.



     We SEE vast star fields and galaxies.




                    
               Here we are now... nineteen light years
               beyond...



     We SEE the galaxies move as we HEAR a HUM.


                    
               ... beyond Epsilon Alangue... is Arrakis.

     We HOLD on this, then we see Arrakis grow larger in
     the filmbook screen and we SEE it is a planet of
     vast deserts.




                    
               It does look dry....



     The picture grows larger again, and we see the
     Arrakeen Valley.


               Each day the palms along the outer wall of
               the Palace at Arrakeen consume enough
               water to sustain the lives of one hundred
               men. The palms were placed by the
               Harkonnens to flaunt their water wealth in
               front of the city Fremen.




               Where are the Harkonnens from here?



     The star fields and galaxies move slightly then.


                    
               There!... Geidi Prime and the Baron
               Harkonnen... the enemy.



     In the background, FOOTSTEPS grow louder, pounding
     on thick wooden floors. THUFIR HAWAT, GURNEY HALLECK
     and DR. YUEH enter. Paul has his back to the door.
     Thufir suddenly looks perturbed when he notices
     this.


                    
               I know, Thufir, I'm sitting with my back
               to the door.

     Hawat suppresses a smile.


               I heard you, Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming
               down the hall.


               Those sounds could be imitated.


               I'd know the difference.

     Paul rises and turns to face them.


                    
               Yes. Perhaps he would at that.


               My father sent you to test me. Music then?

     Thufir scowls.


               No music. I'm packing this for the
               crossing. Shield practice.


               Shield practice? Gurney... we had practice
               -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood.


                    
               Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for
               cattle and love play... not fighting.


               I'm sorry Gurney.


               Not sorry enough.

     Gurney draws his knife.



     Gurney activates his body shield, sending a
     shimmering FORCE FIELD around his body. He advances
     swiftly toward Paul. Paul snaps on his FORCE FIELD,
     draws his knife and jumps back, collecting himself
     hurriedly for the fight.


                    (his voice sounding strange through
                    the forcefield)
               Guard yourself for true!

     Gurney leaps high, then forward, pressing a furious
     attack. Paul falls back. The shield edges CRACK
     loudly as they touch each other.


                    
               What's gotten into Gurney? He's not
               faking.
     Paul presses forward and the fight moves quickly
     around the room. The smell of ozone grows stronger
     as the shields hit and SPARK off one another. Paul
     directs a parry downwards, turns, and leads Gurney
     against the table, plunging at just the right moment
     to pin Gurney against the table top with his blade
     right at Gurney's neck.


                    
               Is this what you seek?


                    
               Good... the slow blade penetrates the
               shield... but look down.

     Paul looks and sees Gurney's blade at his groin.


               We'd have joined each other in death.
               However, you did seem to finally get the
               "mood".


               Would you really have drawn my blood?


               If you'd fought one whit below your
               abilities I'd have scratched you a good
               one.

     Paul stands and snaps off his shield as does Gurney.




               Things have been so serious here lately.


               Yes. I sensed the play in you lad, but
               this can no longer be play. Tomorrow we
               leave for Arrakis! Arrakis is real. The
               Harkonnens are real.

     Thufir, Yueh, Gurney and Paul stare at each other
     for a moment in silence. Dr. Yueh moves forward and
     begins to take Paul's pulse rate and to collect
     other data with a small black machine.


               Dr. Yueh, do you have any information on
               the worms of Arrakis?


               I have obtained a filmbook on a small
               specimen... only 125 meters long.


               Only?!

     They smile at each other.


               There are have been documented sightings
               of worms as large as 450 meters in the
               deep desert -- far from where we'll be in
               Arakeen.... The desert belt and the south
               polar regions are marked forbidden....
               Why?


               The storms and the worms. Is it true, that
               the sand can blow at seven hundred
               kilometers per hour?


               It can render flesh to dust in minutes.
               And these dry winds can generate
               tremendous static electricity in the
               atmosphere. Our body shields won't have
               enough power to operate in the open air on
               Arrakis.


               Well, how do the Fremen survive there?


               We don't know much about the Fremen...
               They live in the deep desert... some of
               them in the cities and they have blue-
               within-blue eyes...


                    
               The eyes -- yes, yes... saturation of the
               blood by the spice -- melange. Could the
               spice affect us in other ways?


               Many dangers exist on Arrakis. For one, we
               know the Harkonnens would not have given
               up their CHOAM company contract so easily.


                    
               The Harkonnens are our enemies, yes... but
               behind them, I suspect, is the Emperor.


               You will make a formidable Duke!

     Paul bows.


               Now remember... the first step in avoiding
               a trap is knowing of its existence.


               I know.  But if it is a trap then why are
               we going?


               We have our new army.
                    
               Dr. Yueh, put the weirding module on him.

     Thufir, noticing a SQUAD OF GUARDS at the other end
     of the training room, calls out to them.


               Clear and lock the room.

     Gurney activates a series of locks.  LIGHTS GLOWS
     above each doorway.


               Activate a fighter.



     Suddenly a FIGHTER ROBOT lowers from the ceiling.
     As the robot begins to rotate and go through several
     frightening, complicated movements, Dr. Yueh places
     a plastic device around Paul's neck.  He tightens it
     around the Adam's apple above Paul's voice box.
     Paul turns and emits a very strange, powerful sound
     through the weirding module as he rushes towards the
     robot.


                    
               Precise control....



     The hallway is empty in the foreground but in the
     distance a changing of the guard is seen.

26A. through 26B.   



     Paul walks down the stairway.  In the distance,
     moving troops are packing Atreides belongings.
     Beyond, Paul sees some troops carrying a large
     bull's head.  The horns are covered with dried
     blood.


               The bull that killed my grandfather... is
               this an evil omen?

     Suddenly, DUNCAN IDAHO appears from behind the giant
     black head.


                    
               Duncan!


               Paul.
                    
               I was on my way to say goodbye to you.  I
               have to go on ahead.


               Why?  I wish you were coming with us.


               It's something for your father.  He wants
               to talk to you.
                    
               I'll see you in Arrakis.  May the hand of
               God be with you.


               May the hand of God be with us all,
               Duncan.



     Paul walks to meet his father near the wall.


                    
               Father.


               Thank you for joining me, Paul.
                    
               It will be good to get to our new home and
               have all this upset behind us.

28A. 



     They look out over the sea.  A huge wave crashes
     below.

     The Duke turns to Paul.


                    
               My son.
                    
               Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides
               three generations....  He swears you are
               the finest student he's ever taught.
               Yueh, Gurney and Duncan say the same....
               It makes me feel very proud...


               I want you to be proud of me.

     Paul smiles up at his father.  The WIND blows the
     Duke's hair and behind him stands the castle and the
     green and black Atreides banner against the night
     sky beyond.  The RAIN starts again -- lightly.  Paul
     takes a closer look at the Atreides banner moving in
     the wind.


                    
               I'll miss the sea... but a person needs
               new experiences... they jar something deep
               inside, allowing him to grow.  Without
               change, something sleeps inside us... and
               seldom awakens... The sleeper must awaken.

     Paul's attention goes to his father's hand where he
     sees the Duke's signet ring.  Again he smiles at his
     father.



29. through 29A.    



     Paul is sweating during his sleep and WHISPERS as if
     struggling with some disturbing thought.


               Arrakis... Dune... Desert
               Planet...Arrakis... Desert Planet...
               moving... moving.



     We see Paul's dream. It is very dark.


               Arrakis... Dune... Desert Planet.

     Suddenly a drop falls into the black, and white hot
     widening rings appear on the dark water's surface.

     Darkness again. Two moons rise in the darkness. As
     the second appears:


               The second moon, your moon...



     Dark again. A figure turns toward Paul. It is a
     BEAUTIFUL GIRL in deep shadow. She speaks.


               Tell me of your homeworld, Usul.



     CU Paul's face in fitful sleep.



     In a small stone courtyard, the back-lit figure of a
     woman moves towards us through the heavy RAIN and
     darkness. As she nears us, the large, protective
     glowglobe overtakes her and in an instant we see a
     beautiful woman -- JESSICA.


                    
               I  know she has come to test him... no man
               has ever been tested with the box... only
               Bene Gesserit women. I may lose my son.

     The doors open, she meets the Reverend Mother Gaius
     Helen Mohiam  and takes
     her back toward the Castle. The rain rushes loudly
     into the storm drains.




                    
               Arrakis... Dune... Desert planet...
               moving... moving.

     CU Paul's face.

     Paul's eyes snap open. He hears footsteps outside
     his door. As the door opens he closes his eyes,
     however, and he pretends to be asleep. Jessica and
     the Reverend Mother enter and stand in the doorway
     looking at him.


               We'll salvage what we can... but I can
               tell you.. dear God... for the father...
               nothing.

     Jessica turns to the Reverend Mother, stunned! She
     turns back to look at Paul. Her hands tremble.


               Did you really think that you could bear
               the Kwisatz Haderach?... How dare you!


               My greatest student... and my greatest
               disappointment.... He's awake!... He's
               listening to us.
                    
               Good... Ready yourself, young Paul
               Atreides... I want to see you in your
               mother's chamber in one quarter of an
               hour.

     She turns and walks away. Jessica remains at the
     door and calls out to Paul in the darkness.


               Paul?... This is very important...

     Jessica leaves, closing the door behind her. Paul
     sits up in bed.


               Kwisatz Haderach?... For the father...
               nothing?



     Jessica and the Reverend Mother enter. It is quite
     dark. Jessica WHISPERS a code number and a glowglobe
     LIGHTS on a very dim setting.


                    
               Jessica... You were told to bear only
               daughters to the Atreides... Jessica!


               It meant so much to him...


               You thought only of a Duke's desire for a
               son?... Desires don't figure in this! An
               Atreides daughter could have been wed to a
               Harkonnen heir and sealed the breach. We
               may lose both blood lines now.


               I vowed never to regret my decision. I'll
               pay for my own mistakes.


               And your son will pay with you.



     Under a dim glowglobe, the DUKE is writing a note on
     a scroll-like piece of paper.

     Finishing reading, the Duke seals the message in a
     cylinder and presses his signet ring, with a red
     hawk symbol of House of Atreides, into a hole, which
     seals the cylinder with a swift HISSING.

     He pauses, studying the metal tube. With a VOICE
     COMMAND, he extinguishes the glowglobe above him. He
     leans back in his chair as lightning flashes outside
     the window.





     Paul enters the room and Jessica closes the door
     behind them.


               Paul, this is the Reverend Mother Gaius
               Helen Mohiam. She is going to... observe
               you...
                    
               Please...


               Jessica, you know it must be done. I
               enjoin you to stand guard at the door and
               practice the meditation of peace.


               Your Reverence.


                    
               What does she fear?
                    
               What about my Father?


               Paul... please, Paul... listen to the
               Reverend Mother and do what she tells you.

     Jessica leaves the room. The Reverend Mother speaks
     to Paul using The Voice, a Bene Gesserit training
     which permits an adept to control others merely by
     selected tone shadings of the voice. It sounds as if
     two people are talking -- one normal and the other
     gutteral and slightly electronic. The effect is
     strange, yet subtle.


                    
               Now you come here.

     Paul finds he cannot help but obey her, yet he
     fights her controlling him.


                    
               She's using The Voice.
                    
               No.

     She sees him struggling.


                    
               Some strength there. Surprising!
                    
               Come here.

     The Reverend Mother holds up a green metal cube.


               See this... Put your right hand in the
               box.

     Paul stares at the hole in the box.


               What's in the box?


               Pain.

     Just then, she raises one hand to his neck. Paul
     sees a glint of metal. He tries to back away.


                    
               STOP! Put your hand in the box.

     Paul's hand goes in. Fear passes over his face.


                    
               The Voice again.


               I hold at your neck the gom jabbar. Don't
               pull away or you'll feel that poison. A
               Duke's son must know about many poisons --
               this one kills only animals.


               Are you suggesting a Duke's son is an
               animal?


               Let us say I suggest you may be human.
               Your awareness may be powerful enough to
               control your instincts. Your instincts
               will be to remove your hand from the box.
               If you do so you will die. You will feel
               an itching -- there... see? Now the
               itching becomes burning... heat, upon
               heat, upon heat.


                    
               It burns.





                    (struggling to compose
                    himself)
               I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer.
               Fear is the little death that brings total
               obliteration. I will face my fear... I
               will permit it to pass over me and through
               me.

     The Reverend Mother moves her face up to his. Her
     ancient face with its metal teeth gleaming inches
     away breathes hotly. She is smiling.


               You feel the flesh crisping?



     Paul's inner mind sees his hand on fire with all
     sorts of sores. The skin is bubbling.




               Flesh dropping off.



     He pictures this. The destruction of his hand is
     complete -- now only blood spurts out and burns.



     Paul's face registers extreme pain.


                    



               NO!! ENOUGH!! Kull wahad! No woman child
               ever withstood that much. I must have
               wanted you to fail. Take your hand out of
               the box and look at it, young human.... Do
               it!

     Paul pulls his hand out of the box. No sign of
     anything wrong. He turns his hand, flexes his
     fingers. He looks to the Reverend Mother.


                    
               Pain by nerve induction... A human can
               resist any pain. Our test is crisis and
               observation.


               I see the truth of it.


                    
               Could he be the one?... Maybe... but will
               he be ours to control?
                    
               You know when people speak the truth?


               I know it.

     Suddenly the Reverend Mother holds her hand against
     Paul's head. She closes her eyes.




     She sees a blurred image of Paul's earlier dream.
     She sees the beautiful girl turn. She hears a
     muffled voice say "Tell me of your homeworld, Usul".




               Your mother wants you to tell me about
               your dreams. I only want to know one
               thing.... Do they come true?


               Not all of them... I know which ones will.


               Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach.


               What is it?


                    
               The person who can be many places at
               once... the one who bridges space and
               time.... He will look where we cannot.


               Where?


               Do you know of the Water of Life?... the
               Truthsayer drug?


               I have heard of it.


               It is very dangerous... very painful. The
               Bene Gesserit sisterhood drink it to see
               within.... There is a place terrifying to
               us... to women. It is said a man will
               come... the Kwisatz Haderach... he will go
               where we cannot... Many men have tried...


               Did they try and fail?


               They tried and died....
                    
               Jessica!

     Jessica enters immediately and sees with great
     relief that Paul is still active.


               I sense your teachings in him. Ignore the
               regular order of training. His safety
               requires The Voice.


               I've heard enough of my safety... What
               about my father?... I heard you talking.
               You speak as if he was dead. Well, he
               isn't!


               Paul!

     She tries to hold him.


               Well he isn't... and he won't die... Tell
               me he won't die!


               What can be done has been done.


               MOTHER! Tell me!

     The Reverend Mother covers herself and moves quickly
     to the door.

42A. Through 45.    



     HOME PLANET OF HOUSE HARKONNEN - As seen from space,
     the black planet as we saw it in Paul's filmbook.



     The surface of the planet is a vast sea of black
     oil. A small cable car traverses high above the sea
     toward a gigantic black city in the shape of a
     rectangular box over 100 stories high. Before the
     city there are rows of huge black towering steel
     heads atop massive furnaces. SMOKE billows out of
     their mouths.



     Inside the cable car stands PITER. In one hand he
     holds the cylinder with DUKE Leto's ring imprint.


               It is by will alone I set my mind in
               motion.
               It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts
               acquire speed -
               The lips acquire stains -
               The stains become a warning -
               It is by will alone I set my mind in
               motion.



     Somewhere in the interior of Geidi Prime, we are in
     a green porcelain room. Two large Harkonnen
     soldiers, using large hoses, are washing down the
     walls and floors of the room. WE MOVE DOWN into the
     water rushing along the floor towards troughs.
     Closer, WE SEE bits of flesh, hair, and blood.



     The car zooms past gigantic faces, and the furnaces
     far below ROAR with tremendous power. The city now
     looms gigantic and overpowering -- millions of
     electrical cables stretch off the top into dark
     energy taps above the city.



     Inside the city the cable car passes into a huge
     inner chamber filled with open-topped lime green
     porcelain rooms with tremendous electrical lines
     criss-crossing above.

51.  



     In front of a huge steam boiler, the cable car stops
     and Piter gets out, steps down steel stairs and
     enters a porcelain room where the Baron is being
     treated by a DOCTOR for sores on his face and body.
     The doctor uses a lasbeam on a big sore on the
     Baron's lips. The Baron is sickly and hugely fat and
     sweaty and looks like he has been sickly for some
     time. He turns to Piter as he enters the room.


               My Lord!


               Piter.

     Piter moves up to the Baron.


               The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon,
               Baron, and I have here your answer from
               Duke Leto.


               What does Leto say, Piter?


               He wishes to inform you that Vendetta --
               as he puts it, using the ancient tongue,
               the art of Kanly -- is still alive. He
               does not wish to meet or speak with you.


                    
               I made my peace gesture... the forms of
               Kanly have been obeyed.

     He throws down the cylinder.


               As you instructed me, I have enlightened
               your nephews concerning my plan t...


               My plan!


               The plan to crush the Atreides.  Feyd,
               Rabban... go quietly... no other great
               house of the Landsraad must ever know of
               the Emperor's aid to the Baron.  The
               entire Landsraad would turn against the
               Baron and the Emperor.


               Put the pick in there Pete
               And turn it round real neat.

     His assistant does so.

     Rabban breaks open a squood .  The
     squood makes a tiny SCREAM, then Rabban drinks the
     blood and bodily fluids.  He throws the empty
     container of tiny animal meat into the dark water
     trough running through the center of the room.
     Across the room, TWO HARKONNEN SOLDIERS enter,
     holding big guns on a BOY who is wearing white
     pants.  The Baron smiles when he sees the boy, who
     is deeply afraid.  The guards force the boy to
     arrange violet flowers on a stand by the far wall
     opposite the Baron.


                    
               You're so beautiful my Baron
               Your skin, love to me
               Your diseases lovingly cared for
               For all eternity.


               I will have Arrakis back for myself... he
               who controls the Spice, controls the
               universe... and what Piter didn't tell you
               is we have control of someone who is very
               close to Duke Leto.  This person... this
               traitor... will be worth more to us than
               ten legions of Sardaukar.


               Who is the traitor?


                    
               I won't tell you who the traitor is or
               when we'll attack.  However, the Duke will
               die before these eyes and he'll know that
               it is I -- Baron Vladimir Harkonnen -- who
               encompasses his doom.

     The Baron gives a hand signal and seven gates in the
     wall open, emitting tremendous SOUNDS.  Suddenly the
     Baron begins to float straight up, twenty-five feet
     in the air.  It is a frightening sight.  He floats
     down under the giant, humming electrical tube light
     and rubs his head and body with a black fluid which
     drips from tiny holes in either side of the pink
     glow.  Feyd and Rabban watch nervously.  The
     Attendants stand completely still with fear.

     The Baron swoops down to the Boy, who stands
     petrified.  The Harkonnen guards smile nervously as
     they step slightly backwards.  The boy begins
     SCREAMING as the Baron pulls the boy's heart plug,
     located in his chest.  The violet flowers are bumped
     and disarrayed by the violence which ensues.  Then
     the Baron turns smiling to Feyd as the SOUNDS
     continue to roar.

52A. through 52B.   



     A DRUM CORPS pounds out a powerful cadence in front
     of a water and cannon show as the Duke, Paul and
     Jessica mount the steel stairs to their ship.  In
     the doorway, they turn back for a final look.

     The Duke places a hand on Paul's shoulder.  We see
     the signet ring.  Jessica is there.  She tries to
     get Paul to look at her but he scowls and turns to
     his father.


                    
                    
               I must not fear.  Fear is the mind-
               killer... the little death that brings
               total obliteration...

     The door of the spaceship closes.



     3,415 Atreides ships are approaching the Guild
     Heighliner, which is staggeringly colossal.  The
     Atreides ships look like dots next to the sun.  The
     Duke's ship enters the frame and moves toward the
     Heighliner.

53A. through 54.    



     Paul, Jessica and Duke Leto look out the forward
     viewing glass as tiny lights move outside in the
     darkness. They hear and feel their ship stop with a
     huge, echoing, metallic jolt. They look at each
     other in the silence which follows.


               Soon they'll begin to fold space.


                    
               Far off in the control rooms....
               Travelling without moving.

     They wait.

56.  



     We pass through electrical shields into a 2,000-foot
     high control room filled with orange spice gas. On
     the floor are large gratings covering an exhaust and
     filtering system. Tons of spice gas are being
     converted into the clouds of gas along a wall of
     machinery. From within a dark metal tunnel comes a
     Guild Navigator. He exits the tunnel and swims
     through the gas 1,000 feet to a six-dimensional
     layered miniature replica of the entire Universe.
     The Navigator emits a long piece of light from his
     mouth which travels to one edge of the Universe and
     changes into a likeness of the planet Caladan. The
     Navigator turns and emits another piece of light
     which travels to the opposite side of the Universe.
     It changes into a likeness of Arrakis. The Navigator
     begins to put his slender fingers in amongst the
     stars and he emits SOUNDS and bursts of light into
     the mass of stars and galaxies. The Universe begins
     to vibrate and elongate, then to curve. Electrical
     lightening traverses from Caladan to Arrakis as the
     Universe bends into a U-shape. Arrakis submerges
     deep into the light. The navigator swims to the
     point where Arrakis disappeared. He begins to pull
     and tear a hole in the Universe. Stars like sparks
     and SOUNDS and rings of light appear, along with a
     roaring WIND. The Navigator swims deep into this
     hole through the rings of light. The Navigator
     becomes more and more transparent, until he's lost
     in darkness. The sounds fade.

58. through 60.     



     Suddenly, the real planet Arrakis appears and the
     giant Heighliner materializes above it.

61. through 63A.    



     Through a brownish-orange haze appears the dusty
     valley of Arrakeen.



     The Atreides ship has landed at Arrakeen. The door
     is open - the family walk down the steps - DUKE LETO
     with his dog - PAUL and JESSICA.

64A. through 64C.   



     ... clusters of troops standing at attention around
     the enormous dark, cool doorway as the Duke, Paul
     and Jessica enter the Palace.

65A. through 65B.   



     The Atreides banner is raised on the top of the
     Palace.

66.  




     Atreides army soldiers milling, YELLING noisily.



     In a darkened passageway, fans turn, casting deep,
     slow-moving shadows. SOUNDS ECHO in the distance.



     A room of technicians and electronic gear. The
     SIGNALS are being heard and interpreted.


               Harkonnens.



     Far in the distance in deep black rock, Harkonnen
     spies move, carrying strange electronic equipment.

71.  



     Thufir marches down a hallway with a squad of TROOPS
     with electronic gadgetry, LIGHTS and SOUNDS going
     constantly.


                    
               Why isn't the shield up yet?



     Down in the basement, Atreides engineers are
     removing a complicated device from heavy machinery.
     A MAN radios back to Thufir.


               We found and removed another sabotage
               device. I think it will go up now.

     The engineers activate a series of atometric
     Holtzman generators. Suddenly SOUNDS begin. The
     machines start; at first low, then they WHINE
     upwards to a high pitch. When the pitch is steady, a
     series of levers are pulled.



     Just after the second set of levers is pulled, a
     huge house shield is seen going up in a box shape,
     encompassing the Palace with SHIMMERING protection.



     From a small window, Thufir observes the shield with
     a critical eye.


                    
               We found these sabotage devices too
               easily...



     Two giant glowglobes drift into the Great Hall where
     Jessica and Dr. Yueh stand watching a giant bull's
     head is being hung above the massive fireplace. The
     MOVING TROOPS are unpacking crates and organizing
     furnishings. Jessica watches them. Distant SOUNDS
     reverberate inside an elaborate air vent beside
     them.


               Listen here.... You can here the people of
               Arrakeen outside.... Can you here the cry
               "Soo Soo Sook" of the water sellers?


               So many reminders of the scarcity of
               water.


               Have you noticed the line of palms along
               the wall... the Harkonnen put them in...
               to flaunt their water wealth in front of
               these people.... Each day those palms take
               enough water to sustain the life of one
               hundred men.


               The way you say Harkonnen... I didn't know
               you had so much reason to hate them.


                    
               My wife... you didn't know my wife...
               they...


                    
               Forgive me...
                    
               ... His wife was Bene Gesserit too... the
               signs are al over him.... They must have
               killed here.

     Jessica sees a droplet of sweat break out on Yueh's
     cheek.


               I'm sorry I'm unable to talk about it.

     Above them a series of iron curtains begins to open
     over deep rock window slots, sending  narrow shafts
     of light down across the room. TWO ATREIDES WOMEN in
     uniform approach.


                    (referring to several robed figures
                    standing in the room)
               My lady... the local people... the maids
               and servants await your inspection. Hawat
               has cleared them.

     Dr. Yueh turns to Jessica.


               The Harkonnens may have tampered
               medically.... please wait.

     He turns a yellow light on a moves it over the
     crowd. The yellow light beam plays over the blue-
     within-blue eyes. One of the women, the Shadout
     Mapes, watches Jessica continuously. Yueh's hand
     shakes slightly.


                    
               He's hiding something -- holding something
               back.
                    
               It's not just his wife... He's a good man
               though. He's probably trying to save my
               feelings...
                    
               I could use The Voice... make him tell
               me... It would only shame him.
                    
               I must place more trust in my friends.
                    (We see Yueh turn toward her,
                    fearful.)



     Paul wanders through the darkened passageways alone,
     his footsteps echoing as goes. He takes pleasure
     observing the details of the rock Palace but all the
     while he feels an uneasiness -- a feeling of fear
     builds in him.



     Paul enters a small bedroom and sits down on the
     bed. He opens the filmbook, and activates it.



     We SEE a gigantic carryall lower down above a spice
     harvester and pick it up off the desert floor as a
     narrator speaks over.


               One carryall handles four spice mining
               teams; however, it will fly only two
               harvesters at a time. Today, we have nine
               hundred and thirty harvesters and nine
               hundred and eighty-one carryalls....



     Paul looks up. Across the room he sees a tray of
     small pastries which have been laid out. He goes to
     them and scans them with his poison detector, which
     he carries on his belt. A pleasant tone SOUNDS and
     the word "safe" appears in green light. Paul takes a
     pastry bites it and turns back towards the bed.
     Suddenly he stops. He looks at the pastry.


                    
               Spice...

     As he continues eating he notices the sunlight
     through the slates over the window begins to GLOW
     white hot. Paul's eyes are intense as the light
     GLOWS brilliantly.


                    
               Terrible purpose.... What is it?



     Some red droplets appear rushing through the white
     light. Three images follow:





     A blurred Guild Navigator.

Page Missing


               I am the Shadout Mapes... the housekeeper.


               A Fremen... Could she be the operator?
               No...


               I must cleanse the way between us.... You
               saved my life... and we  Fremen pay our
               debts. It's known to us that you've a
               traitor in your midst. Who it is we cannot
               say but we're certain of it.


                    
               A traitor...

     Before he can speak the Shadout Mapes is gone --
     running off down the passageway. Jessica enters.


                    
               There is a traitor among us.

80A. 



     Running TROOPS storm down the hallway with
     electronic gear and big stun guns.



     Thufir walks quickly toward SEVERAL TROOPS.


               Set up a sonar probe immediately!



     Dr. Yueh sticks his head out the doorway as SEVERAL
     TROOPERS run past.



     Duke Leto is calling on a radio phone. GENERALS
     surround him, as well as Gurney.


                    
               Thufir?... anything?... keep looking.
                    
               ...and a traitor... God help us.



     TROOPS come off an elevator. The glow-span indicates
     the very bottom floor of 18 sub-floors. The ground
     is uneven rock and the ceiling is low. The troops
     fan out shining chemical lamps here and there. A
     soldier suddenly stops. Ahead in his light is a dead
     Harkonnen -- bloody vomit dried around his mouth. He
     lies beside an electronic device.



     Dr. Yueh covers his face with his hands in a
     darkened room... sobbing.



     SEARCHLIGHTS sweep over the faces of City Fremen who
     are sitting or moving solemnly around the outer wall
     of the Palace. Some are chanting "Mahdi" and "Lisan
     al-Gaib." Others hold up one open hand as a sign
     they feel the messiah is near. A slow-moving spike-
     backed dog sucks ants up out of a small anthill; he
     snorts.



     In the darkened Hall we can HEAR the distant sound
     of the Fremen reverberating.



     Duke Leto sits with Paul, Thufir, EIGHT GENERALS and
     SIX SUB-LIEUTENANTS. The Duke's small dog wanders
     under the table and rests his head on the Duke's
     boot. In front of Thufir is a device FLASHING
     brilliant light bursts over his face. The others are
     all talking among themselves. Suddenly Thufir's face
     turns brilliant red (as red as his sapho-stained
     lips) and he begins speaking rapidly into the
     machine in code using a strained high voice.


                    
               Sector 6 - 80 -- copy the sixth -- the
               summit -- the eight the quadrant over the
               ninth plus eighty -- four circles -- weave
               the eighty and call the fourth copy --
               enter nine -- seven by seven a seven the
               seven call seven B seven -- enter the
               circles call the sixth copy the sixth over
               the summit.... eight.

     The machine FLASHES several bright irregular
     SIGNALS. Then it stops and HUMS. The blood leaves
     Thufir's face.


                    
               Eight.... Thufir Hawat... Mentat... Master
               of Assassins.

     The hum stops. Thufir turns to Duke Leto. He looks
     up. Everyone is quiet now.


               The Palace is now secure. The city of
               Arrakeen is under martial law... we have
               troops here headquartered underground on
               sub-floors six through ten. The rest of
               the troops are stationed in Arrakeen and
               we have some on the airfield. Our new army
               is still training, but everything is
               shielded.... With the shielding, we are
               impenetrable. Dr. Kynes is waiting, Sire,
               for your inspection of spice mining
               operations, but since the attempt of the
               young master, I am against your leaving
               the Palace.


                    
               The attempt failed... Harkonnen captives
               have already been taken. We must crush the
               Harkonnen machine on Arrakis.... You all
               know what to do.
                    
               ...Gurney! We desperately need more spice
               miners... many are threatening to leave on
               the next shuttle. We need spice drivers,
               weather scanners, dune men ... any with
               open sand experience. You must persuade
               them to enlist with us.


               They shall come all for violence: their
               faces shall sup as the east wind. And they
               shall gather the captivity of the sand.


                    
               Very moving, Gurney. On your way... and
               take care of Dr. Kynes until Paul and I
               arrive. We will not be prisoners here in
               this place.


                    
               Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I
               forth to my work.

     Gurney strides off. Thufir sits, contemplating. Paul
     and Duke Leto smile at each other and shake their
     heads.



     Jessica is sitting in a small room, smiling, reading
     a note. It reads "I miss you. Leto." She sets the
     note down. She begins to tremble. She becomes
     fearful. In her mind she SEES quick images:





     A blurred Guild Navigator.



     Paul dead on a stone floor.



     Fire burning.



     Jessica continues to tremble.


                    
               I must speak with you Leto!



     Outside in the passageway, feet suddenly move
     quietly toward the door to Jessica's room.



     Jessica HEARS this and looks up just as the Shadout
     Mapes silently enters her room.


                    (staring at the blue-eyed woman --
                    waiting for possible danger.)
               Yes?


               I am the Shadout Mapes, your housekeeper,
               Noble Born. What are your orders.


               You may refer to me as "my lady." I am not
               noble born. I'm the bound concubine of
               Duke Leto -- mother of the heir
               designate.... "Shadout"... that's an
               ancient word.


                    
               You know the ancient tongues?


               I know the Bhotani Jib and Chakobsa, all
               the hunting languages.


               As the legend says.


                    
               That's it! The Missionaria Protectiva has
               been here planting protective legends
               against a day of Bene Gesserit need. And
               that day has come. I must play out this
               sham.
                    
               I know the Dark things and the way of the
               Great Mother. Miseces prejin.

     Mapes takes a step backward to flee.


               I know many things. I know you came
               prepared for violence with a weapon in
               your bodice.


               My lady, I... the weapon was sent as a
               gift if you should prove to be the one.


               And the means of my death should I prove
               otherwise.
                    
               Now we will see which way the decision
               tips.

     Slowly Mapes reaches into her dress and brings out a
     sheathed knife. She unleashes it.


               Do you know this my lady?


                    
               It could only be one thing....
                    
               It's a crysknife.


               Say it not lightly...
                    
               Do you know its meaning?


                    
               Here is why this Fremen has taken service
               with me, to ask that one question. Delay
               is as dangerous as the wrong answer.
               Shadout is Chakobsa... knife, in Chakobsa
               is... maker of death.
                    
               It's a maker...

     Mapes SCREAMS with elation and grief.


                    
               Maker?... Maker is the key word... the
               tooth of the worm? That was close...
                    
               Did you think that I, knowing the
               mysteries of the Great Mother, would not
               know the maker?


               My lady, when one has lived with prophecy
               for so long, the moment of revelation is a
               shock.

     Mapes sheathes the blade... slowly


                    
               There's more here... yes!
                    
               Mapes, you've sheathed that blade
               unblooded.

     With a GASP Mapes drops the knife into Jessica's
     hands and opens her blouse.


               Take the water of my life!

     Jessica withdraws the knife from the sheath and,
     with the blade, scratches a line just above Mapes'
     right breast.


               You are ours.... You are the one.

     Jessica's eyes stare ahead. She knows these words
     ring with truth.




     The Duke, Paul and SEVERAL ARMED GUARDS enter a
     tunnel to a `thopter landing pad which is
     illuminated by a shaft of light coming from a
     chimney-like exit above. DR. KYNES and his Fremen
     guard are standing next to Gurney.


                    
               So, this is Leto the Just...


                    
               I hope I made myself clear. You may call
               him "The Duke," "My lord," or "Sire." And
               there is a more ancient term you might
               keep in mind -- "Noble Born."


                    
               Play out your little comedy while you can
               off-worlders...

     Gurney turns and activates a device...



     ...which causes the ornithopter behind to fold open
     ready for flight.




     The two parties meet and are introduced.


               So you are Dr. Kynes, the Imperial
               Ecologist?


                    
               I prefer the more ancient term,
               planetologist... Noble Born.


               This is my son, Paul.


               Are you a Fremen?


               I am a servant of the His Majesty the
               Emperor. I have served His Majesty on
               Arrakis long enough for my eyes to change.


                    
               He's hiding something.


               I understand we have you to thank for
               these stillsuits, Doctor.


               They are Fremen suits. I hope they fit
               well, my lord.


               "Your gift is a blessing of the river."

     Kynes' FREMEN GUARDS, hearing this are siezed with
     agitation. Kynes QUIETS them, then studies Paul.


                    
               The Mahdi will greet you with holy words
               and your gifts will be a blessing.
                    
               Most of the desert natives here are a
               superstitious lot. They mean no harm. With
               your permission, I will check the security
               of your suits.

     Gurney and the guard move forward warily.


                    
               The Duke is to be addresses as...

     Kynes comes forward and adjusts the Duke's suit,
     checking seals and pulling on straps.


               Basically...


                    
               Sire!


               It's all right Gurney.

     Gurney steps back.


               Yes, Sire.


               It's a high-efficiency filter and heat
               exchange system. Perspiration passes
               through the first layer and is gathered in
               the second. The salt is separated.
               Breathing and walking provide the pumping
               action. The reclaimed water circulates to
               catchpockets from which you can drink
               through this tube at your neck. Urine and
               feces are processed in the thigh pads.
               Should you be in the open desert, remember
               to breathe in through your mouth, out
               through the nose tubes.

     The Duke is now properly fitted. Kynes places the
     noseplug into his nose.


               With a Fremen suit in good working order,
               one can sustain life for weeks, even in
               the deep desert.

     He removes the noseplug.


               My thanks.


               With your permission...

     Kynes turns to Paul, running his hands over the
     slick fabric. He stands back with a puzzled
     expression.


               You've worn a stillsuit before?


               No.


     Your suit is fitted desert fashion. Who told you how
     to do that?


               No one. It... seemed the proper way.


               That it is.
                    
               He shall know your ways as if born to
               them.

     Kyne's Fremen guard are watching Paul very closely
     now.


               We're wasting time, Sire.

     Duke Leto, Dr. Kynes, Gurney and Paul enter the
     ornithopter...

88. Through 89B.    



     Jessica trembles.


                    
               I must speak with you Leto!

91. Through 92.          




     ...and the thopter turns slowly as it goes up into
     the light.

93D. 



     From outside the Palace's atomic shield we see the
     blur of the ornithopter pass through a porthole and
     come out perfect like a gleaming jewel.

93F. Through 94.    




               Southeast over the Shield Wall. That's
               where I told your sandmaster to
               concentrate his harvesting.



     They crest the top of the wall which opens out into
     a black, level expanse of rock, cratered and
     fractured. On the other side is the huge, seemingly
     endless plain of sand, the Great Desert. In the hazy
     distance, flashes of light can be seen.




               Will we see a worm?


               Where there is spice and spice mining
               there are always worms.


               Always?


               Always.


               Why do they come?


               To protect their territory. Vibrations
               attract them.


                    
               I've registered him now... a knife is a
               sheath on his left arm... He's strong... a
               person born to command... He's hiding many
               things.
                    
               Is there a relationship between the worms
               and the spice?

     Kynes turns instantly and stares at Paul. Gurney
     sees the wonder in Kynes' eyes.


               The young master is a trained Mentat, an
               advanced student of Prana Bindu has
               studied under some of the finest teachers
               in the Universe.

     Kynes takes a second look at young Paul.


               As I said... they defend the spice sands.
               As to their relationship with the spice...
               who knows.

97. Through 97A.    




               Dust cloud ahead, Sire.


               That's it... spice mining... no other
               cloud quite like it. See the spotters over
               it? They're watching for wormsign... the
               telltale sand waves. Seismic probes on the
               surface, too Sire... worms can travel too
               deep for their waves to show... Looks like
               a good patch of spice.


               Wormsign? Is it wormsign?


               Yes!... worm. Big one! You've got sharp
               eyes Sire.... May I?

     Kynes grabs the microphone and dials in the correct
     frequency.

98A. through 99.    



     From the window, we see that the sand below is
     rippling, like water with a big fish just under the
     surface.


                    (into radio, after having found the
                    frequency)
               Calling Harvester Pad Nine. Wormsign!

          STATIC... then a voice.


                    
               Who calls Pad Nine?


                    
               Don't mention the Duke... This is an
               uncoded channel.


               Unlisted flight northeast of you...
               wormsign on intercept course... estimated
               contact fifteen minutes.


                    
               Have sighting confirmed. Stand by for fix.
               Contact in sixteen minutes minus. Very
               precise estimate. Who is on that unlisted
               flight?

     Kynes clicks off the radio.


               What happens now?


               The carryall will come and lift off the
               spice harvester. Try and get in close over
               the harvester... you'll find this
               interesting Sire.

     The Duke accelerates the ornithopter in the
     direction of the harvester. Paul can SEE...



     ...huge amounts of sand being spewn out of the
     gigantic stack atop the metal and plasteel
     harvester.




               They'll work until the very last minute.

     The yellow cloud of the harvester envelops them. The
     Duke flies up to get a closer look.


                    
               Spotter control... no sign of the
               carryall... it isn't answering.

     Everyone looks at one another.


               The worm is eight minutes away, Sire.


                    
               Spotter control -- give me a report by the
               numbers.

     Over the radio MANY VOICES report they have no
     contact with the carryall.


               Damn it... Harkonnens.

     He punches a control button and grabs a microphone.


                    
               We are coming down to take you off the
               harvester... All spotters are ordered to
               comply.


                    
               Ordered by whom?


                    
               Duke Leto Atreides....

     Gurney and Paul turn to each other, worried.


                    
               Yes... yes, Sire!


               How many men do you have?


                    
               Full crew -- twenty-six men -- but Sire,
               we can't leave this spice...


               Damn the spice! Get out of there.



     All the spotters begin landing and the Duke descends
     directly in front of the harvester which has stopped
     mining yet emits a tremendous rythmic GRINDING
     noise. No one is coming out.



     Gurney nervously scans the sky for enemy ships. A
     very low, powerful SOUND starts now and the ground
     begins to shake.



     A hatch opens and MEN come pouring out.




                    
               Two men in each of the spotters... You!...
               over here... run!!

     The ground is really shaking now.  A tremendous low
     THUNDERING sound grows along with a high rasping



                    (to Paul and Gurney -- yelling over
                    the noise)
               I can't see him yet but he's very close...


                    (out loud to himself as he watches
                    the men scrambling)
               Damn sloppy -- really damn sloppy.

     FOUR MEN begin tumbling into the Duke's machine.


               Come on boys... come on.
                    
               We're going to be heavy, Sire.

     The men press on Gurney and Paul.  Paul can feel the
     fear. The sound is a horrible ROAR and deeper
     RUMBLING now and the `thopter is vibrating and
     shaking violently.  The air suddenly begins to SPARK
     with static electricity.


                    
               Here he is... We've got to go.

     The Duke closes the doorways, surveys the area one
     last time, then takes the controls.



     The ship strains and lifts off -- slowly.

     Paul sees the brown powder clumped on the suits of
     the men... their bluish eyes.  He smells the spice.
     He begins to feel its affect.


                    (inner voice as a blinding light
                    comes and goes)
               Spice!... pure un-refined spice!


                    
               Bless the Maker and his water... Bless the
               coming and going of him.  May his passage
               cleanse the world.


                    
               What's that you're saying?


               Nothing.

     A spice miner turns and sees Kynes, who remains
     silent.


                    
               Liet!


               Shhhhh.

     Paul hears this, then looks to Kynes -- locks on his
     image.


                    
               Liet?


                    
               You are about to witness something few
               have seen -- watch!  Watch!

     Paul looks down as the Duke banks over the
     harvester.



Static electricity is IGNITING in the air and the sand is
swirling around the harvester.  Then they see it.  A wide
hole emerges from the sand, glistening spokes within it.
The hole is twice the size of the harvester.  Suddenly
the machine turns and slides into the hole, parts of it
EXPLODING.  The SOUND is deafening.  The Duke's ship is
WHINING to stay aloft.




               Gods, what a monster.


               Someone is going to pay for this... I
               promise.


                    (inner voice -- as he studies the
                    Duke)
               This Duke is more concerned over his men
               than the spice!  I must admit... against
               all better judgement... I like this Duke.



109. through 113B.  



     Duke Leto walks into the room.  The NIGHT GUARD
     comes to attention as he passes.  DUNCAN IDAHO,
     wearing a dark, dusty stillsuit, emerges from the
     shadows.  DUKE LETO and DUNCAN meet at the foot of
     the steps.  The men embrace and separate.


                    
               Duncan!  What have you discovered about
               the Fremen, Duncan -- tell me.  Why
               haven't we heard from you?


               My lord... I suspect so much.  I think
               they are the allies we seek... they are
               strong and fierce... they do not give
               their loyalty easily or quickly....  As
               you know, the Imperium has never been able
               to take a census of the Fremen.  Everyone
               thinks that there are but few -- wandering
               here and there in the desert.... My lord,
               I suspect an incredible secret has been
               kept on this planet... that the Fremen
               exist in vast numbers... vast numbers...
               and it is they that control Arrakis.

115. through 116.   







               Guard.  Open the door.

     Paul is in a fitful sleep.  Leto enters and smiles
     at his son.


               Sleep well... my son.

     The Duke smiles at Paul then leaves the room, but
     after he goes, Paul strains with all his might to
     lift himself to call out.


                    
               Father!... father... drugged...



     The BARON's face --  expressionless.  The SOUND of
     his ship screams in the background.  The DOCTOR is
     seated beside him.




     The Duke walks down the steps to a very narrow
     passageway.  The passageway becomes very dark.

     Suddenly the Duke hears a strange MEWLING sound.  He
     turns down an even darker passageway.  He can hear
     the shield WHINING in the distance.  He almost has
     to feel his way.  Up ahead he sees a shape.  He
     bends down and sees the SHADOUT MAPES dying on the
     cold stone floor in the darkness.  She tries to
     speak but cannot.  She falls.  Suddenly the Duke
     HEARS the shield generator start whining down.


               What happened?  What?
                    
               The shield!

     The Duke reaches to activate his shield be a large
     dart is shot into his shoulder.  The Duke lurches
     upwards then tumbles to the ground.  Out of the
     darkness comes Dr. Yueh.  The dart drops and
     CLATTERS as if a dream.


                    
               Yueh!
                    
               He's sabotaged the house generators, we're
               wide open.


                    
               I've brought House Atreides down.  I've
               destroyed the new army's weirding modules.


                    
               ... Why?

     The generator WHINES lower and lower


               I wish to kill a man... not you, my dear
               Duke, but the Baron....  You were dead
               already... but you will be close to the
               Baron before you die.  You will be tied
               and drugged but you can still attack.
               When you see the Baron you will have a new
               poison tooth.  He will want you close so
               he can gloat over you.  One bite on this
               tooth and a strong exile...


               Refuse...


               No! -- You mustn't... for in return I will
               save the lives of your Paul and Jessica.

     Yueh removes the Duke's signet ring and shows it to
     him.


               For Paul...

     He implants the tooth.

     Yueh becomes more and more blurred.  His image
     begins to fade.  His lips move in the darkness.  The
     generator WHINE is low and going lower and lower.


               When you see the Baron, remember the
               tooth!  The tooth!

119. 




     ATREIDES GUARD #1 comes running down the steps and
     up to the CAPTAIN and a TECHNICIAN.


               The shield is down!  The shield is down!


               Harkonnen...
                    
               Get that shield up!



     A warning TONE begins.  TROOPS begin pouring onto
     the field.



     Troops race toward their ships.

119D.     




               The shield!  The shield!



     A loud warning TONE vibrates.  Thufir turns away
     from the doorway of a small room where he's
     horrified to SEE...



     ... a chemical FIRE consuming the thousands of
     Atreides weirding modules.

121. through 121A.  



     A thousand Harkonnen ships dive over Arrakeen and
     the Palace.  Giant deep thunderous EXPLOSIONS
     shatter the land.  Billowing SMOKE clouds column
     upwards, forming a black wriggling death curtain
     around the Palace.



     Troops are running through the passageway, right and
     left.  SMOKE is everywhere and the horrible SOUNDS
     of the explosions continue.  The SOUNDS of stone
     crunching, shifting, and breaking.  SCREAMS.  A wall
     of stone suddenly cracks open.  A burst of air and
     dust shoots out, HISSING.  The Duke's dog runs
     through the passageway WHINING with fear.

125. 




     Sardaukar rush out of a Harkonnen ship.  Their
     electrically distorted faces come screaming toward
     us.

125B.     



     Harkonnen hammer ships thunder the ground, sending
     cracks and fissures throughout the landing field.
     Harkonnen scare SIRENS scream.



     Atreides soldiers run from the hammer ships.



     FIRE and SMOKE.  SCREAMS.  An ATREIDES SOLDIER's
     head is hit with a large white hot piece of
     explosion.  Through the black smoke, large SARDAUKAR
     chase after THREE SOLDIERS and them with hydraulic
     knife-guns.  One blade enters the back of one man's
     head and comes out his nose.  Tremendous NOISE of
     battle.  Gurney and a squad of TROOPERS climb
     through bodies and thick smoke.  Gurney has the
     Duke's dog safely inside his coat.  The little dog's
     head sticks out -- looking about.  Gurney strokes
     the dog's neck when the reach safety behind some
     rock.  Small glimpses, as the smoke moves this way
     or that, let them see thousands of Sardaukar
     fighting.





               Long live Duke Leto!

     The CRY from the men rings out as they attack with
     frenzy equalling that of the Sardaukar.



     The distant HAMMERING of the Harkonnen hammer ship.
     Jessica's eyes open and she sees two big boots but
     they seem to be floating above the stone floor she
     is lying on.  She is gagged and tied.  She looks up.
     She sees the huge Baron Harkonnen staring down at
     her.  In the distance she HEARS the battle raging.


               The drug was timed.  Dr. Yueh has been
               very valuable to us....  What a pity you
               must remain gagged.  We can't let
               ourselves be swayed by your witch's Voice,
               now, can we?


                    
               Leto... where are you?



     Dr. Yueh covers his face with his hands in a
     darkened room... sobbing.



     The Baron floats across the room with suspensor-
     borne lightness.


               Goodbye, Jessica and goodbye to your sweet
               son....  I want to spit once on your
               head... just some spittle on your face --
               what a luxury.

     He spits on her cheek.  The Baron floats out of the
     room into the passageway.


               We were ordered to kill them... so kill
               them.






               What are your orders, Piter?


               Take them to the desert, as the traitor
               suggested and worms will destroy the
               evidence.  Their bodies must never be
               found.






                    (whispering to Jessica, rubbing the
                    spittle around on her face with his
                    hand, delicately)
               I'd thought of many pleasures with you.
               It is perhaps better that you die in the
               innards of a worm.  Desire clouds my
               reason....  That is not good... that is
               bad.







     Duncan Idaho kills a Sardaukar soldier and rushes
     forward frantically.  His eyes blaze intensely.  He
     yells out to the other Atreides soldiers.


               They're on this floor somewhere....

     The soldiers disappear, searching in another
     direction.  Duncan runs, pounding, down the
     passageway -- his eyes searching in every doorway.
     Suddenly twelve huge Sardaukar round a corner on a
     quick march.  Duncan turns his shield up and charges
     them.  Behind them he sees Paul and Jessica bound in
     straps and being carried.

     Duncan attacks and fights valiantly but he is
     outnumbered.  In the fight the lights are blown out
     and Duncan is killed by a slow stunner pellet
     through the head.  Paul strains to help.


                    
               Duncan!!  Duncan!!

     Paul and Jessica are carried off, quickly, through
     the darkness.  The battle SOUNDS thundering.





     Duncan's dead, shielded body slides sparking in the
     dark against the passageway walls.



131C.     



     FIRE and SMOKE.



     The Baron's face, the light of FIRE and EXPLOSIONS
     playing over it.  The Baron turns as Piter ushers in
     the traitor Yueh.


                    
               You wish now to join your wife, is that
               it, traitor?

     A sudden flash of hope crosses Yueh's face.


               She lives?

     The Baron smiles, almost sympathetically.


               You wish to join her... join her, then.

     Piter moves to Yueh, a knife glistening in his hand.
     It flashes into his back.  A GASP escapes Yueh's
     throat, a sad look passing over his face, as if to
     say "I thought as much."  He stands stiffly, then
     falls gasping.  He tastes his own blood, then dies.


               Take him away.



     Black smoke palms.



     Rabban strides in front of his uncle's ship,
     carrying Kynes over his shoulder.  Harkonnen and
     Sardaukar SOLDIERS stand at attention.  Rabban tears
     off Kynes' stillsuit. Kynes falls.


               He was in the Palace with the Atreides...
               I also say he was a spy for the Emperor.
                    
               Go now!  Take him to his desert to die.
               Go!



     The small `thopter climbs toward the Shield Wall
     through a SMOKEY atmosphere illuminated by distant





                    
               Yueh's sign.  He's left a satchell.

     Jessica and Paul, bound by cabin straps, lie in the
     back, the two guards at the controls.  Outside,
     `thopters and ships fly past them toward the city.
     The distant FIRES play over Jessica's face as she
     sees Yueh's triangular tattoo scratched in the cabin
     roof.


               I'd like to have some fun before we kill
               her.


                    
               Of course... what did you think?

     Jessica looks to Paul.


                    
               Don't touch my mother...


                    
               Oh great mother!  He's trying the voice.
               The Reverend Mother said it could save
               him.


               Did you hear a noise from the little one?


               I didn't hear anything.


               No?


               No.

     He turns and hits Paul in the shoulder with a
     stungun.  Paul recovers and starts taking long,
     calming breaths.


                    
               The calming exercise.


               The little one!
                    

     Suddenly, Guard #1 reaches around and puts his hand
     up Jessica's skirt.  He starts breathing hard.  Paul
     clears his throat.


                    
               Remove her gag!


                    
               Excellent!

     Guard #1 finds himself removing Jessica's gag.
     Guard #2 turns away from his controls but seems
     powerless to stop him.  Once, it's off Jessica
     smiles seductively and writhes on the `thopter
     floor.


                    
               There's no need to fight over me.

     The two men stare at one another a moment.  Then
     Guard #1's hand, glinting silver, flashes into Guard
     #2's chest, killing him.  Guard #1 pulls the knife
     out, smiling.  The ornithopter begins to veer off
     into a dangerous nose dive.


               Now?


                    
               First cut my son's bonds.

     Guard #1 slowly cuts Paul's big straps, never taking
     his eyes off Jessica.  The ornithopter gets closer
     and closer to the top jagged surface of the Shield
     Wall.


                    
               That's it.

     The blade cuts through the strap holding Paul's
     legs.  Paul kicks upwards extremely powerfully and
     his foot breaks through the man's chest cavity and
     drives his heart up into his head, spewing blood out
     the man's mouth.  Paul grabs the controls but it's
     too late.  The ship falls into the rock.



     The `thopter slides across the rock, shearing off a
     wing.  Suddenly they are beyond the rock three miles
     above the great desert and plummeting fast toward
     the dunes below.



     Paul pulls desperately on the controls and manages
     to keep the ship aloft and flying into the deep
     desert.


               Oh, my God!

131. through 131A.  



     CU violently burning palm.



     Nefud exits - TWO HARKONNENS wheel in the stretcher,
     and swing it round - one of the GUARDS hands Piter
     his knife back - the Guards exit and the door closes
     - Piter moves up to Duke Leto and leans over him
     moving his knife across the Duke's face.

     The Baron flies down to the stretcher.


               Duke Leto Atreides.  Someone's torn the
               insignia off your uniform.  Such
               carelessness.

     Leto shows no sign that he has heard.


               It was Feyd.

     Leto's POV:  The Baron and his Mentat are only DIM
     FARAWAY SHAPES.  Their voices reach Leto as if
     travelling across a greater distance.  The Baron
     looks to Leto and then moves to him, looking him
     over.


               It was Feyd?
                    
               It was Feyd!  Where is the ducal signet
               ring?  I must have his ring.


               The ring?... he was brought to us as is,
               Baron.  I...


               You killed the doctor too soon, you fool!


                    
               Yueh... Yueh... dead... Paul and Jessica
               safe... the tooth!


               He's coming round, my Lord.

     The Baron moves from behind a table stacked with
     dirty dishes and foodstuffs and goes to Leto.


                    
               Wait... he must be near...


               Where is your ring?

     The Baron's face is now very close to Duke Leto's.


               You do not answer!


                    
               A... little... closer....  The... water...
               of my life... for Paul.

     The Baron briefly wonders at these words and then
     turns to Piter.


               He's crying!
                    
               He's crying!  He's crying, Piter.  What
               does he mean?

     Piter moves forward.  The Baron sees a suculent
     piece of chicken skin on the table.  He picks up the
     plate, then the chicken skin.

     Leto's POV:  It's grown HAZY again.  The Baron is
     beginning to move away, reaching for the small piece
     of chicken skin.  Piter leans close to Leto.


               Now!

     We hear a CRUNCH, hear a tumultuous RUSHING SOUND as
     Piter's face is pushed forcibly away.  The Baron is
     turning, a dumbfounded look on his face.  He drops
     the plate, and backs away.

     There is a tremendous ROARING.  Bits of visions of
     Caladan rush through Leto's ever-darkening
     consciousness --



134. through 134A.  



     The Atreides banner, the green of it, then the
     black.  The blackness flaps; then all fades to




     As they fly deeper into the desert with the ship
     shuddering and straining, Jessica suddenly cries out
     with tremendous premonition and fear.


               Leto!  Leto!

     Tears course down her cheeks as Paul turns to her.


                    
               Leto!  He's dead!  He's dead...


               I know
                    
               I have NO FEELINGS!!  Why?



     Duke Leto and Piter lie dead.



     The Baron floats near the ceiling in a small
     passageway.  He is ecstatic.


                    
               I'm alive!!!  I'm alive!!!



     Paul is fighting the controls of the Harkonnen
     `thopter.



     Harkonnen `thopter lights on dunes.




               I can't maintain any altitude... we'll
               never reach the safety of rock.  Maybe
               that small rock.


               Where are we do you think?


               The South Polar regions... the forbidden
               area.  We must make it to that rock...



     The `thopter violently hits the sands and flips up -
     - almost turning over.  It falls slowly back,  then
     slides down the side of a dune.




               Hurry!

     He jumps out of his seat.


               Bring these satchels!

     She hands him one.


                    
               Hurry -- This crashing may bring a worm.

     As Paul puts the satchel over his shoulder, he feels
     something.  He looks at his father's ring.  He
     stares at it silently, then closes his hand around
     it.  They jump outside.


                    
               A million deaths are not enough for
               Yueh...


                    (reacting to his
                    mother's tears)
               Where are my feelings... I feel for no
               one...



     Paul and Jessica running.  Paul pulls Jessica to a
     place in the wall where a small overhang offers
     shelter.  Jessica falls to the ground.  She CRIES,
     pouring out her grief, but soon the sound of it is
     carried away by the building rush of WIND.  Paul
     turns and looks out to the open desert, this portion
     of which is a dust ocean.



     The Mouse Moon has risen.

     Ripples of dust undulate tide-like in the light of
     the moon.  The WHISPERING grains billow up like the
     foam of waves as they hit the rock.



     Paul turns, his face illuminated by the two moons
     above.  His eyes lock on the moon which has the
     image of the mouse.


                    
               The second moon... from the dreams...



     We move into Paul's eye, where the mouse moon appear
     and revolves slowly.  The moon begins to explode.
     The pieces of the moon soar toward us burning with
     white-hot flames.  Within the flames we see...

139. 



     ... the burning Palace of Arrakeen.  We move closer
     to it.



     We then see Duke Leto's face.  The Baron leans over
     the Duke and clutches the skin on the Duke's face.
     He begins pulling it.  The skin on the Duke's race
     slowly rips open -- making a hideous tearing SOUND.
     Black SMOKE issues forth from the hole which teats
     larger.


                    
               House Atreides is ruined.
                    
               This moon holds my past.



     Inside and through the SMOKE Paul sees Feyd tear the
     Red Duke insignia off his father's uniform.  He sees
     Feyd laughing.  The moving, now-brilliant red hawk
     insignia becomes...



     ... a burning meteor ROARING over the castle on
     Caladan.  The meteor crashes in the black sea.


               This moon holds my future.



     Foaming confusion turning into a small, twisting
     fetus under the sea.  Its eyes closed.  Moving close
     to it, its eyes snap open.  Through the eyes is the
     pale white face of JESSICA.



     There is a huge soaring WIND sound and beyond
     JESSICA the dunes roll like ocean waves.



     The moon continues to spew out pieces of moving
     images which are seen then disappear as fast as
     sparks.  The broken, burning pieces float eerily
     toward us over the undulating dunes below.  One
     image floats closer.  It is a hand folded into a
     fist.


               I am only a seed...

     The fist begins to open.


               The seed must grow.

     The hand opens fully with slow blue fluid pulsating
     out the very center of the palm.  The hand floats
     eerily forward.


               The sleeper must awaken.



     The last image which passes is foaming and spitting
     dark blue water.  As the image passes, the black
     smoke trailing behind it obscures the picture to
     blackness.



     Through the darkness we move to Paul's clenched
     hand.  It opens, revealing the signet ring in the
     very center of his palm.  Paul looks upward to the
     moons of Arrakis.  He looks back to the ring, then
     to his mother.


               Listen to me!... you wanted to know about
               my dreams... and I've just had a waking
               dream... do you know why?...


               Calm yourself/


               The spice!  It's in everything here.  The
               air, the soil, the food...  It's like the
               Truthsayer drug.....  It's a poison!!!!
               You knew the spice would change me.  But
               thanks to your teachings it's changed my
               consciousness.  I can see it... I can see
               it.


                    
               Is he....?


               You carry my unborn sister in your womb!


                    
               He knows.


               You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood...
               I'm not your Kwisatz Haderach...  I'm
               something different, something unexpected!
                    
               I'm a seed.
                    
               I am so much more...  You don't begin to
               know me...

141. through 142A.  



     Paul's head goes down.  He places the ring on his
     finger.


                    
               Father... now I have become a killer and I
               will continue to kill until I have avenged
               your death.
                    
               Father!

     Jessica cries as she stares at her son.

143. through 143A.  



     Rabban stops up the ramp.  He wears a large smile.
     His thick head sweats and sweat runs down his thick
     neck.  He goes inside and the doors swing closed.



     He enters the ship and moves down within to the
     Baron's headquarters, passing two dwarves cooking a
     dead legless cow which hangs from chains.  Rabban
     tears out the cow's tongue and eats it.  Then he
     exits through a door which closes behind him.



     The Baron is flying wildly, circling the outside of
     a large steel shower, while Nefud and a DWARF play a
     strange instrument producing maniacal, perverse,
     screaming MUSIC.  The Baron SEES Rabban enter, but
     continues to fly around the shower.


                    
               Rabban!!... we're knee deep in Atreides
               blood!  We've gutted them.  We've gutted
               them!
                    

     The Baron floats to Rabban and begins lovingly
     massaging Rabban's massive neck as he speaks to him.


               Rabban, Rabban...  I place you in charge
               of Arrakis.  It's yours to squeeze, as I
               promised.  I want you to squeeze and
               squeeze and squeeze.
                    
               Give me spice!  Drive them into utter
               submission.  You must not show the
               slightest pity or mercy... as only you
               can...  Never stop!
                    
               Go....  Show no mercy!


               Yes, my lord Baron.

     Rabban leaves just as Feyd steps out of the shower.
     The Baron turns to him lovingly.


                    
               And when we've crushed these people enough
               I'll send in you Feyd... they'll cheer you
               as a rescuer... lovely Feyd... really a
               lovely boy.
                    
               Where's my doctor?



     As Rabban leaves, he looks into one room of the
     ship.  Behind the glass porthole sits Thufir Hawat
     bound head and foot, his eyes darting this way and
     that.



     Paul and Jessica are in stillsuits.  Paul is looking
     through a Fremkit.  He finds a paper with Dr. Yueh's
     mark on it.


                    
               Yueh's left the plans for the weirding
               modules.



     The moons have moved further across the sky.



     Suddenly Paul turns and studies his mother.  A
     stronger WIND comes up.


               We have to get to that mountain of rock.
               We have entered the time when all will
               turn against us and seek our lives...

     Jessica gets up.  They make their way up the crest
     of a dune by a small rock.


               It's further than I thought... a worm is
               sure to come....  I'll plant a thumper,
               that should divert it.

     Paul moves off into the shadows.  Suddenly, Jessica
     SEES a burst of LIGHTNING illuminate the mountain of
     rock in the distant and the vast dunes before them.


                    (as Paul leaves to light
                    the thumper)
               ...the night is a tunnel... a hole into
               tomorrow... if we're to have a tomorrow...

149. through 151.   



     Paul plants the thumper which begins a powerful
     rhythmic noise.  He turns to Jessica.


                    
               Remember... walk without rhythm and we
               won't attract a worm... it'll go to the
               thumper.


                    
               I'm ready.

     Paul and Jessica move into camera and exit right.



     Another burst of LIGHTNING.  The distant rock seems
     to have grown no larger.  Their muscles begin to
     ache.  Suddenly they HEAR the thumper start behind
     them.


               Keep going...



     Their breathing becomes very labored.  The sand
     moves like slow water, forever rolling down and up.
     Then they hear the worm, the low thundering HISS
     shaking the tonnage of sand.  The thumper stops.
     Paul turns.


               Faster!!


                    
               It's deafening!

     Their bodies ache and they feel like dropping, yet
     the cliff is still a good distance away.  The worm
     SOUND grows louder and Paul turns to look.



     A flash of LIGHTNING.  The worm is now coming toward
     them.  The mound of sand over the worm is enormous
     and is approaching at a terrifyingly fast speed.
     The power of this worm is awesome.




                    
               Run!


               I can't... I can't.

     She turns to see.  Then she runs.



     All at once their feet tromp down on firmer sand.
     The SOUND is very loud.


               Drum sand!

     The DRUMMING sound ECHOES deep within the ground.
     Jessica falls.  Paul stops and drags her up.  They
     run again.  The worm SOUND becomes unbearably loud.
     Static electricity SPARKS giant bolts of pure white
     LIGHTNING and the air turns to ozone.  Finally they
     find rock.  Behind them the SOUND of the worm
     changes.  They turn.



     The gigantic head of the worm is just breaking
     through the sand.  The mouth begins to open in an
     eighty-foot circle of teeth and darkness.  The mouth
     arches forward searching for them.



     Paul and Jessica climb up and up inside a narrow
     slit of rock.



     The worm's mouth climbs higher also but it cannot
     penetrate the narrow opening in the rock.



     Paul and Jessica have scrambled upwards a couple of
     hundred feet.



     Still the worm stretches up to them.  Suddenly the
     worm begins BANGING on the rock.  Huge SHUDDERS
     drive through the black stone.  Over and over again
     the worm mindlessly hits at the rock.



     Paul and Jessica crouch further back in the tiny
     passageway of safety, but a solid back wall of rock
     prevents them from moving back any more.



     The breath from the worm is like a hurricane of



                    
               Cinnamon... the spice!
                    
               Do you smell it?


               Yes...


                    
               I know the secret.  The worm is the
               spice... the spice is the worm.

157. 



     Suddenly a colossal section of the rock wall cracks
     and topples off into the worm's mouth.  Instantly
     the worm pulls back.  A huge FIRE roars deep within
     the worm consuming the rock.



     The worm now can get even closer to Paul and
     Jessica.  It looms up again and crushes its mouth up
     against the rock.



     Another fissure opens, and suddenly half the rock
     wall protecting them splits off entirely and
     falls... taking Paul with it.



     ...against the worm.



     Paul is knocked off the cliff and falls straight
     down two hundred feet.  His feet skid along the face
     of rock.  He bounces and brakes.  He hits and jumps.
     He careens from one boulder, flies upside down,
     rights himself then tumbles and skids into the sand.
     Unhurt, he jumps up and scrambles up another part of
     the rock to safety.




               Paul!

     She presses against the narrow ledge that is left
     after the worm assault.



     The worm is just coming up again when distant
     THUMPING is heard.  The worm, as if charmed by the
     sound, turns and moves off towards it.


                    
               A thumper.

161A.     



     Jessica climbs further up and manages to get over to
     a place where she can meet up with Paul, who is now
     climbing back.


                    
               What's happened?...  Why did it leave?


                    
               Someone started another thumper....  We're
               not alone.

     They climb upwards until the ledge ends at the mouth
     of a dark crevice.  Paul and Jessica try to see into
     the inky black hole.



     Slowly Paul and Jessica enter, inching forward.  A
     low moan of WIND comes up.  Paul can see nothing,
     then suddenly he SEES stars above and SEES the hint
     of stairs cut into the rock.


                    
               Man-carved steps.


                    
               Yes...

     They climb the steps and enter an extremely narrow
     dark channel of stone.  As they make their way
     through the rock, suddenly there is a burst of
     lightning which illuminates a whole troop of Fremen
     standing silently in front of them.




               Perhaps these are the ones Mapes told us
               of.


                    
               Are you trained in the ways of the desert?


               No, but many consider my training
               valuable.


               I will take the boy-man... he shall have
               sanctuary in my tribe...

     A LOW NOTE on a dip stick is blown by one of the
     Fremen tribe.  Jessica shifts, Paul sees it, and
     just as Stilgar begins a reach for his weapon,
     Jessica turns, slashes out, utters a SOUND, whirls
     again and with rock behind her holds Stilgar
     helpless in front of her -- her hand at his throat.
     Paul moves on her first move.  He races up a rocky
     incline.



     He then jumps higher up and presses himself between
     two rocks on a low cliff overlooking the rest of the
     Fremen troop.



     The troop starts shooting projectile weapons in
     Paul's direction.


               Stop!  Get back!!  She has the weirding
               way.  Why didn't you tell us!  Great
               gods... if you can do this to the
               strongest of us you're worth ten times
               your weight of water.  As a leader of my
               people I give you my bond: teach us this
               weirding way and you both shall have
               sanctuary.  Your water shall mingle with
               our water.


               Then I will teach you our way of
               battle....  you have the word bond of a
               Bene Gesserit.


               It is the legend.



     Up on the rock, Paul turns.  He takes a step, then
     notices a small figure standing in front of him.  It
     is a girl.


               I am Chani, daughter of Liet....  I would
               not have permitted you to harm my tribe.


                    
               From my dream... so beautiful.  Liet....
               is this Kynes' daughter?

     Paul stares at her in wonder.


               Come with me.  I'll show you an easier way
               down.

     They exit.




                    
               You have strength... real strength... You
               shall be known as Usul, which is the
               strength of the base of the pillar.  This
               is your secret name in our troop.  But you
               must choose the name of manhood which we
               will call you openly.


                    
               What do you call the mouse shadow in the
               second moon?


               We call that one Muad'dib.


               Could I be known as Paul Muad'dib?


               You are Paul Muad'dib, and your mother
               shall be a Sayyadina among us....  We
               welcome you.

     Wind blows a cloud of dust through the rock.  High
     above the moon with the mouse shadow glows
     brilliantly.  It dissolves into the sun.



     Paul, Jessica and the Fremen march through the
     dunes.

171. through 171B.  



     HEAT WAVES and sand dunes.  Mysterious SOUNDS echo
     in the distance as the giant sun is setting.

     Chani takes Paul to the top of a dune.  They stare
     at the sunset and a huge rock outcropping in the
     distance.


               Seitch Tabr.

     Paul looks at the rock, then turns to her.


               Tell me of your homeworld, Usul.

     These words rend Paul's soul.  He cannot speak.  He
     reaches out and touches her hand - her cheek.

173. 



     The Fremen troop enters into a large square room
     with slot passageways going off in various
     directions.



     They all move down one of the passageways which are
     beautifully but very plainly cut with lasguns.  They
     are like passages in the pyramids, dark with sharp
     turns and inclines upwards or downwards, some very
     steep and long, and others descending hundreds of
     feet.  There is a strong, moaning WIND.

176. through 177.   



     A quiet WIND can be heard -- deep and moaning.


               Moisture...

     She looks at Paul.  He, too, notices.


               Wind traps... huge ones.

     Down a long, sloping, narrow passageway they go
     until they reach a stairway cut into the stone.  It
     is very dark and gets increasingly darker as they
     descend.  The WIND sound grows.  The air grows
     colder and damper.  Paul and Jessica share another
     questioning look.  At the bottom of the stairs they
     pass through a narrow slot doorway which suddenly
     opens out on something so totally unexpected it
     shocks Paul.



     It is enormous, deep reservoir of black water
     sitting silently in the depths of this sietch and
     stretching out into the darkness.


                    
               Water on Arrakis!!!
               I have seen this place in a dream.
                    
               A treasure.


               Greater than treasure, Usul.  We have
               thousands of such caches.  Only a few of
               us know them all.  When we have enough...
               we shall change the face of Arrakis.
               Listen!...

     There is the sound of water dripping.  The lights
     are extinguished - reflections play on Paul's face.


               The Rocks of Arrakis hold many secrets.

179A. through 180   



     Thousands of Fremen wait below.  Paul enters a rock
     ledge, guided by two monks, which is crowded with
     Fremen and old Fremen Monks.  Below the crowds
     continue to watch and wait while a giant wind organ
     moans.  A Monk steps up to Paul.


               We sense that you may be the "voice from
               the outer world".  Both moons told us of
               you.  You must pass tests before we will
               know... you must conquer the beast of the
               desert, both his outer and his deadly
               inner powers.
                    
               Speak to us... from the outer world.

     Paul turns and gathers courage to address the
     multitude below.


                    
               I am only a seed.
                    
               I am Usul... Paul Muad'dib.


                    
               Muad'dib!


               The legend.


                    
               No one ever dreamed there would be so
               many.
                    
               Our shared enemy the Harkonnens, are once
               again in control of Arrakis.  Stilgar,
               your leader, has asked me and my mother to
               crush the Harkonnens.  We must do more
               than this.  We must totally destroy all
               spice production on Arrakis.  The Guild
               and the entire universe depends on spice.

               "He who can destroy a thing, controls a
               thing".

               I will take one hundred of your warriors
               and train them.  This one hundred will
               train the thousands that remain.  When the
               spice flow stops, all eyes will turn to
               Arrakis.  The Baron and the Emperor
               himself will be forced to deal with us.
               Arrakis will become the center of the
               Universe.
                    
               The dream unfolds.

181. through 181A.  



     Large room with a low ceiling.  A drummer playing
     makes a low ECHOING MUSICAL HIT.  A big block of
     stone is moved across coarse sand -- back and forth
     -- fast.  A rhythm is started -- powerful.  Paul
     enters, pauses and looks to Jessica - he stands in
     front of over 100 Fremen men.  Jessica sits behind
     him alongside Stilgar.

     A large rock obelisk has been placed near Paul for
     this demonstration.


               The weirding way has long been a Bene
               Gesserit secret.  With my mother's help,
               my father isolated an element of the
               weirding way and externalised it.


               Because of the Harkonnen treachery, my
               father's armies were never able to fully
               develop this new form.  This is what I
               will teach you.  You will be the fiercest
               and most feared fighters in the Universe.

               Our way of battle is built on rhythm.  You
               understand rhythm like this but you do not
               yet understand the rhythm of the higher
               sounds, sounds that heal and build...
               sounds that destroy.  Motion is the base.
               You understand the motion... but you do
               not yet understand the motion that heals
               and builds... motions that destroy...

               Orato!
                    
               This obelisk is of your hardest stone.
               Kick it...
                    
               Hit it...
                    
               Yell at it...


               Break!

     The Fremen laugh -- the rock doesn't move.

     A Fremen with a lasgun tries to cut it.  Paul
     motions him back, slightly.


               Move back!

     Paul also moves back.  He switches on his weirding
     module.  He opens his mouth and makes a small SOUND,
     which the module amplifies.


               Chuksa!

     The sound shatters the obelisk to pieces.  The one
     hundred Fremen YELL with surprise and awe.


               Achiii!


               This is part of the weirding way that we
               will teach you.  Some thoughts have a
               certain sound... that being the equivalent
               to a form.  Through sound and motion you
               will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter
               bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or
               burst his organs....  We will kill until
               no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air.


               Muad'dib!


                    
               To avenge my father, I will turn you into
               killing machines.

     Stilgar turns to Jessica.


               Sayyadina.  Our Reverend Mother tells me
               she is too old... She has been calling
               through space and time for you to come and
               let her rest.  She asks that you pass
               within.


                    
               They want me to take the Water of Life...
               the Truthsayer drug... so dangerous,
               yet... we must move swiftly if we're to
               secure our place among these Fremen.
                    
               I will try to pass within.


               Death may be the result....  Are you sure?


                    
               I must do this for Paul, but what of my
               unborn child?



183. through 187.   




     Fremen carry the Fremen REVEREND MOTHER RAMALLO in
     on a litter.  The old Reverend Mother is old a frail
     yet extremely beautiful and mysterious.  She turns
     to Paul and Jessica with a strange look.


                    
               So you are the ones.

     She turns away towards the monks who are very busy
     blowing horns and waving pots of burning spice,
     purifying the area of the rite.  Several Fremen blow
     on dip sticks and a FEMALE CHOIR begins a haunting
     chorale as the giant pipe organ blows beautiful low
     notes below.

     Paul looks to his mother.

     He then sees Chani.

     CU Chani.

     CU Paul -- he cannot stop looking at her.

     Stilgar motions to Paul.


                    
               Do you know the Water of Life?... Come...
               ...Watch... the mystery of mysteries...
               the end and the beginning.

     He shows Paul through a narrow passageway -- almost
     a slot through the stone to a small room.  Through
     an opening in the stone wall, Paul is shown a very
     strange and somewhat horrifying scene.



     A thirty-foot baby worm is being lowered into a
     stone chamber.  The chamber is then covered with a
     wire top.  Valves are turned and water rushes into
     the chamber.  The worm begins to writhe violently
     and leap and bang against the bars above.  The worm
     begins to turn inside out from the mouth back and it
     begins to gag.  Some monks and watermasters quickly
     drain the stone chamber and wrench the worm out
     using large steel hooks.  They hold the worm above a
     large tub.  A watermaster-reed man runs a long reed
     in to the worm, causing it to spasm and gag up a
     beautiful deep blue bile as it dies.



     The bile and worm water are combined in ceremonial
     containers.  Paul turns to Stilgar.


               The Water of Life.


                    
               The most lethal poison in the Universe.

     Then we HEAR from Paul's memory his conversation
     with the Reverend Mother:


               ... Many men have tried.


               Did they try and fail?


               They tried and died.




     Stilgar and Paul return to the ledge above the Hall
     of Rites.  A MONK PRIEST steps forward, addresses
     the crowd, silencing them.  The other monks move
     back carrying their smoking cleansing bags.


               One among us has consented to enter the
               rite.  She will attempt to pass within
               that we not lose the strength of our
               Reverend Mother.


                    
               What if she should fail?

     He brings the jug close to Jessica.


               Drink!

     Jessica drinks.


                    
               The ultimate awareness spectrum narcotic.
               I must transform the poison configuration
               within my body... the blue must be made
               clean.

     She swallows.  Her body contorts and spasms
     violently.  She screams.  The Reverend Mother
     screams with her.

191  




     We see Jessica sitting, shoulders tight and spasming
     -- straining, her eyelids half-closed and
     flickering.

193. 




     The old Reverend Mother slowly extends a hand toward
     Jessica's shoulder.



     Inside Jessica, we see the Reverend Mother Ramallo's
     hand descend through the dark void.  Shimmering
     water starts to ripple, lightly stirring an image of
     Jessica.

     As the hand penetrates, something deep within her
     starts to GLOW.  It is a fetus, a female.  The
     Reverend Mother Ramallo's hand flinches as it
     touches the fetus.  The fetus sparks to life -
     screaming and rapidly spasming upwards on its
     umbilical cord.

195A.     





                    (whispering urgently into Jessica's
                    ear)
               You should have told us.




                    
               Great Mother!  This changes both!  What
               have we done?



     Jessica and the fetus rush mentally through a dark
     strangely worm-like tunnel until suddenly, a gaping
     black hole appears.  A horrible WIND, SPARKS and
     circles of expanding light issues from it.


                    
               No!  This is the place where we cannot
               look.  The place only for the eyes of the
               Kwisatz Haderach.



     The fetus twists down the tunnel to join Jessica,
     her umbilical cord trailing behind.  She SCREAMS as
     she looks into the hole.



     She and Jessica see a shape moving deep within the
     windy hole.  It is a Third Stage Navigator, ROARING.


               What is this?...  Is this what kills the
               men who enter here?

     She quickly takes the fetus back up the tunnel.  As
     they move:


                    
               Now my daughter and I are both Reverend
               Mothers.


                    
               I've been a long time waiting for you.
               Here is my life.




     The old Reverend Mother Ramallo slumps forward onto
     the stone, dead.  The crowd waits.  The corpse is
     tenderly removed.  Jessica very slowly opens her
     eyes and looks about her.  The monk holds the jug to
     her lips.


               Change it that we may all drink of it.

     Jessica spews water into the spout.  The monk swirls
     the jug, sniffs at the spout and then drinks.


               It is changed!


                    
               She did it!



     The Fremen suddenly turn their attention to Paul....
     They whisper "It is the prophecy!"  They soon begin
     to CHANT... "Muad'dib....  Muad'dib" over and over
     again.  The chanting sounds fill the hall along with
     the ghostly wind organ.

200. 



     Down below, the crowds continue CHANTING "Muad'dib,
     Muad'dib."




     Paul continues to stare at Chani.  He moves to her.
     Chani turns.  Paul is at her side.  Their eyes meet
     and lock.


                    
               Come with me.



     At the end of the dark black corridor, Chani turns
     and she and Paul fall together in a long kiss filled
     with love.


               Chani....  I love you... I've always loved
               you....

204. through 209.   



     The Baron and Feyd descend several steps into a
     darker area of Geidi Prime.  Feyd is carrying a
     strange creature in a small wire cage.  The Baron is
     floating as he descends.


                    
               Feyd, even though he's aging, Thufir is
               one of the finest Mentats in the
               Universe... and he's mine, Feyd... all
               mine....  Quiet now.


               I will.



     Nefud stands eating candies behind Thufir's chair.
     Nefud has a stun gun, even though Thufir's hands are
     tied.  The Baron enters with Feyd.


               Oh Thufir, I see they've installed your
               heart plug already....  Don't be angry.
               Everyone gets one here.  But this is not
               why we're here.  We've brought you a
               little cat, Thufir.  You must care for it
               if you wish to live.  A poison has been
               introduced into you, Thufir Hawat.  By
               milking this smooth little cat body each
               day you receive your antidote... it must
               be done each day....  Also, you must do
               something for me if you wish to live.  You
               know I lost Piter, my dear Mentat...

     Thufir gives the Baron a weak, wide-eyed stare.


               All I can see is an Atreides that I want
               to kill.


               Feyd, no, no!  Thufir's a Harkonnen now,
               aren't you Thufir?


                    
               My dear Duke... how I have failed you.



     Jessica's face shows signs of straining.  Women move
     around her, Chani and Harah at her side, helping her
     give birth.  Suddenly ALIA is born and her freshly-
     born moist body is held up in front of Jessica.
     Alia's eyes snap open, burning brightly.


               What will you call her?


               Alia.

     As they lift Alia for Jessica to see...


               Mother.



     Paul walks down the steps into the training room -
     followed by Harah's two sons.  He pauses at the foot
     of the steps.


               Activate your weirding modules...

     Paul activates his, and the Fremens follow suit.


               Set the range for two meters.

     Paul walks down the line of Fremen.


               Korba...
                    
               The arm...


                    
               Chuuk-sa...


               Motion... Chuuk-sa...


               Chuuuk-sa...

     He fires the module and the arm of the robot is shot
     off.  Paul smiles and hits him on the shoulder -
     Paul walks on.


               Stilgar...

     One of the FREMEN calls out to Paul.


               Muad'dib!...

     The word `Muad'dib' causes a tremendous power to
     build.  The module shakes violently in his hand - it
     suddenly fires upwards, and the wall explodes.


                    
               My own name is a killing word.  Will it be
               a healing word as well?




                    (to Paul as he applies red colour to
                    the shoulders of several large Fremen
                    men)
               Usul... these are fifteen of our fiercest
               fighters to serve you as your guard... the
               Fedaykin.

     He pauses, then holds up his brilliantly red hand.

212. 



     An EXPLOSION.  Paul turns and his eyes are totally
     blue.  He lifts binoculars to them and looks.  He
     sees the Fremen fighters below charging at the
     Harkonnens.  As the Fremen run they make powerful
     SOUNDS with their weirding modules, exploding
     everything in their path and catching things on
     fire.



     In the distance, a huge spice carryall is shot down
     and it falls to the ground EXPLODING more violently
     on impact.




               Now!

     Stilgar signals, and Fremen run behind them.


                    
               They're even better on the battlefield
               than in the training rooms!!
                    
               Sound... as a weapon.  If only you could
               see them, father.

     Paul smiles as he looks at the battle in the
     distance.


                    
               When the spice flow stops, the entire
               Universe will turn to Arrakis.  The Baron
               and the Emperor himself will be forced to
               deal with us.



     Rabban stares dumbfounded as many Harkonnen wounded
     and dead are brought through the passageway beyond.
     Rabban grabs a Harkonnen and asks:


               What happened?  What happened to you?
               What is he saying?


               Muad'dib!...  Muad'dib!... Muad'dib!...
               Muad'dib!

     Rabban pushes him away.


               He's been repeating that name ever since
               we found him.


               Who is this Muad'dib?



     HEAT WAVES; dunes.  A big thumper is forced into the
     sands.  A RHYTHM is heard pounding on Fremen hand
     drums and rhythm instruments.  Feet scramble.  Black
     stillsuited Fedaykin warrior bodyguards gather.
     Stilgar turns.


                    
               Usul... It is time you become a
               sandrider... and travel as a Fremen.  Take
               the kiswa maker hook of our sietch and
               ride as a leader of men.

216. 



     As Paul leaves the troop to plant the second
     thumper:


               Two thumpers are planted.  The worm may
               not surface for the first - he will rise
               for the second.  Remember, when the worm
               approaches, you must be utterly still...
               and close enough to plant the hook firmly
               under a ring segment....  The worm will
               turn to lift this exposed area as far from
               the abrasive sand as possible and it will
               take you with it -- to the top.  Do not
               get too close as he approaches... the sand
               will engulf you....  Wait till the head of
               the worm passes -- then go... quickly.


               Shai-Hulud... Shai-Hulud.

     In the distance the telltale SOUND of the worm's
     approach begins.  This worm is deep underground and
     the sound is low and the ground trembles violently.


                    
               Only the very strong ones travel this
               deep....

     The SOUND and VIBRATIONS continue to build.  In the
     distance, the Fedaykin and Stilgar watch.


                    
               Usul has called a big one.  Again... it is
               the legend.

218. 



     HEAT WAVES... dunes RHYTHM.  THUNDEROUS approach of
     the worm.  Paul still cannot see the worm, but the
     sound begins to drown out the Fremen rhythm
     instruments and the sand begins to VIBRATE.
     Suddenly, Paul SEES...



     ...a mountain of sands rise up, towering, thundering
     -- lightning SPARKS fissuring throughout the air
     above the worm.

     The mountain approaches at a terrifying speed.
     Then, the worm appears -- rushing.  The mouth, at
     first a small opening, begins to widen -- exposing a
     thousand glistening teeth.



     Paul freezes.  He lets the worm get closer and
     closer.  The HEAT WAVES distort the gigantic form,
     making it more hideous -- more foreign.  He moves
     forward.  The others watch anxiously.  This worm is
     big.  It is so much larger than imaged.  Its top
     towers 125 feet in the air.  The segments are each
     ten feet wide.



     Paul gets close and running alongside, he plants the
     hook under a segment and pulls back.  The SOUND is
     excruciatingly loud.  The sand is so deep and more
     is being thrown out beneath the body of the worm.
     Paul gets caught in it and falls. He narrowly
     escapes being sucked under the beast.  He gets up --
     runs again and plants the hook once more.  He runs
     faster, bending the segment open to expose the
     tender flesh.



     Suddenly the worm begins to turn.  Paul pulls
     himself up the body as it turns -- holding onto the
     hook.  Soon he is fifty -- sixty -- seventy feet off
     the ground -- going higher.  The giant worm gets the
     second thumper and Paul at that moment climbs to the
     top.  He plants the second hook.


                    
               A sandrider!...

     Paul works the hooks into the breathing holes along
     the body...



     ...causing the great beast to make a slow turn
     toward Stilgar and the bodyguard.  They set
     themselves and as the worm passes...



     ...they all clamber on, climbing up the sides to the
     top.


                    
               Long live the fighters!

     They return the traditional CALL and Paul steers the
     maker in a giant circle.  They head out across the
     dunes.

219G.     



     Rabban and Harkonnens in the desert.  Rabban
     observes tremendous destruction of his spice
     harvesters and carryalls.




               Seventeen Great Houses of the Lansraad
               have reported a significant delay in
               delivery of spice per CHOAM agreement.
               This constitutes a serious violation of
               CHOAM codes.  Contact Baron Vladimir
               Harkonnen immediately.



     A furious Rabban sirs in a black steel tub in the
     Great Hall.  A squad of TROOPS stands at attention
     in front of him, listening to his screaming fit.


               Falsify the reports.  We can't hide it
               all, tell them we've lost only two hundred
               harvesters... and forty carryalls... and
               don't let my uncle know about the
               destruction of the spice silos....  I will
               catch this Muad'dib and suck the blood
               from him!!  SUCK THE BLOOD FROM HIM!!!

219J. through 222.  



     SMOKE billows from a burning harvester.



     Fighting is going on between Fremen and some
     smugglers.  Paul moves down a smokey dune with
     Stilgar followed by Fremen and Fedaykin.


               We surprised a band of smugglers.


                    
               Too bad... thought they were Harkonnen.

     Paul and Stilgar move through the smoke.  A man runs
     up with a maula pistol aimed at Paul but Paul spins
     and punctures the man's chest with a sound from his
     weirding module.  Paul turns and a large figure
     comes through the smoke.  They surprise each other.
     The figure holds a gun.


               Gurney!...

     The figure stops -- stunned.


               You've no need of your weapons with me
               Gurney Halleck.


                    
               Paul!!  Paul!!


               Don't you trust your own eyes.


               They said you were dead.  They said...

     Paul shows him the signet ring on his fingers.
     Gurney moves forward, his eyes tearing, and the two
     embrace each other and pound each other on the back.


               You young pup!  You young pup!




               Stand-by... warning... we have just
               received a coded threat from the Guild.
               Spice production is in serious jeopardy...
               Giedi Prime supplying false reports...
               Guild to visit Emperor in one standard
               day.



     The Emperor sits on his throne.  Behind him are his
     Sardaukar officers.  In front of him are several
     Guildsmen.  One holds a large electrical apparatus
     up to the face plate of another which translates his
     strange voice into English.


               Emperor Shaddam IV... You have one last
               chance to take matters into your own hands
               and bring the situation under the control
               on Arrakis.


               What do you mean one last...


               Do not speak!...  Listen!...  You do not
               have more than this one chance....  I
               represent the entire Guild in this
               matter....  You have failed to kill the
               Atreides heir... Paul.


               But he was said to...


                    
               Noooooo... he is not dead.  He is not
               eaten by worms as you have wanted to
               believe.  He is not missing.  He is in the
               deep desert with the Fremen.  The Spice is
               in great danger.  We are not asking... we
               are telling... remedy the situation or you
               will live out your life in a pain
               amplifier.

     The Guildsmen turn and leave.


               Who is this Paula Atreides to the Guild?
               And why?



     Jessica sits with Harah.


               Your Reverence, I don't wish to upset you,
               but the other women...



     At the end of the passageway, standing alone --
     staring with powerful intense blue-within-blue eyes
     -- is ALIA.  She's listening mentally.


               ...they don't like Alia around.  She
               frightens them.  It is the strangeness of
               your daughter.




               It's the way she speaks of things...

     Alia is listening - then exits.



     Alia listens mentally.


               ...beyond her years and of things no child
               could know -- things of the past.
                    

     Alia begins walking.  She appears to be angry.


               A daughter who knew at birth everything I
               know...




               But Your Reverence, they won't have her
               around them.

     Alia enters.


                    
               Harah!  Would they deny me the right to
               use this mind?...


                    
               Would they deny me the right to use this
               voice?...

     Harah's head nearly bursts with pain and she SCREAMS
     as if she were dying.


               Alia!

226A.     




                    
               I want fifty legions of Sardaukar on
               Arrakis at once.


               Fifty legions?...
                    (he looks at the other officers with
                    worry)
               That's our entire reserves as well.


               This is genocide...  the deliberate and
               systematic destruction of all life on
               Arrakis.



     Ships over Arrakis.

229. through 230.   



     There is a growing, powerful sound of a worm
     approaching as Paul and Chani are lying together in
     the darkness of their sleeping chamber.  Paul's eyes
     snap open and he sees Chani looking down at him (the
     last image of the future in the desert).


               You were calling my name... it frightened
               me.

Page Missing

     In the hollow of a huge dune, Paul stops with Chani.
     They share a look into each other's eyes.  Paul
     turns towards the Fedaykin and nods.  They move in
     quickly to tie and wrap Paul in Fremen rope.  They
     move back and wait quietly.  Chani moves in very
     close to Paul.  She holds a glass vial of the blue
     water of life.


               Hurry!  All I see is darkness.


               Paul... I will love you forever... in life
               or in death... let Shai-Hulud judge now.
                    
               You are my life.

     She pours the blue liquid into Paul's mouth.  Slow
     move into Paul's face as:


                    
               Now... the test of the water of life...
               what is it that waits for me in this
               darkness?



     Fade to black then dissolves to dark blue fluid.  A
     blue drop falls into the blue fluid - a huge low
     thud - then quiet.



     Cut to Paul screaming horribly in the desert.



     Alia walks forward in the very dark room.  Blood
     rushes from her nose.  She forces herself to walk to
     Jessica's bed.  She finds that Jessica's nose is
     bleeding also.  Jessica wakes in pain.  They stare
     at each other in the darkness.





               Mother - help me!


                    
               Alia!  What is it?


               It's Paul.  He's taken the Water of Life.



     Cut to quiet black - dissolve again to blue -
     another drop - low thud - quietness - fade to black.



     The Emperor's space ship soars towards us.



     The Reverend Mother Helen Mohiam is on the floor,
     bleeding from the nose and weak from pain.  The
     Emperor looks on in horror.



     Suddenly screaming towards us is white rings, stars
     and a huge Guild Navigator.



     Cut to Paul's eyes - tightly closed, oozing fresh
     blood.



     SCREAMING SOUND.  Paul's mouth opens and a giant
     wind is stirred on the desert.

234. 



     Navigator chewing giant eye and spewing blood and
     light and sounds.  Paul's mouth double exposes over
     Navigator and eye.  The sound from Paul's mouth
     destroys the Navigator and opens the Alam.
     Navigator bursts into a huge light ring and we
     quickly travel through ring after ring and masses of
     liquid stars.  The light increases until it is
     blinding and then in the light...



     A golden flower blossoms and glows brilliantly -
     suddenly the powerful sound of an approaching worm.

236. through 239.   



     Chani and the Fedaykin freeze and watch in horror as
     seven giant worms converge on them.  The worms break
     the desert surface and rise, towering over them.
     The worms hover and wait.



241. through 245.   



     Chani looks to the Fedaykin, then they look at Paul
     who lies motionless.  She cuts the rope bonds with
     her crysknife.  Her fingers tremble as does the
     whole of the desert.

     Paul's eyes snap open.  He sits up slowly.  Chani
     stares at him in awe.


               Paul... Paul.


     A huge wave crashes and Paul sees the image of his
     father.  Paul slowly gets to his knees, then stands.




               Father!...  Father!  THE SLEEPER HAS


     Giant echoes of this phrase reverberate across the
     vast desert.  The worms bend back into the sand and
     leave with thundering power.



247. through 250.   




     The Rock Ledge of Sietch Tabr is filled with
     Fedaykin and monks; Chani, Jessica, Gurney and
     Stilgar stand together near the back.  Paul moves
     out on the Rock Ledge overlooking the Hall of Rites
     which is crowded with Fremen warriors who chant
     "Maud'Dib" along with the powerful sounds of the
     WIND ORGAN and FREMEN war DRUMS.

     Paul raises his open hand.  SILENCE.  Only the organ
     continues with a soft low NOTE.  The Fremen wait.


               Arrakis... Dune... Desert Planet.

     A quiet, haunting MOAN of recognition of a master
     rises from the Fremen.


                    
               Your time has come.
                    
               Father... our time has come.
                    
               A storm is coming -- our storm... and when
               it comes it will shake the Universe.
               Emperor... we come for you.

     A thunderous ROAR arises.  War DRUMS pound.  The
     ORGAN blows hurricaine of power through the sietch.


                    
               Long live the fighters!


               Long live the fighters!

     Fremen carrying weapons begin moving out in long
     lines from the Hall as the war DRUMS pound.

251A. through 252B. 



     In one `thopter sits the Baron Harkonnen.  He is
     flown down to the Emperor's ship.



A sietch door opens and Fremen warriors stream out.

254. 



     The WIND is howling and is starting to blow the
     sand.  Dark sand clouds form in the distance.



     Another sietch door opens and hundreds and thousands
     more Fremen pour out.



     Paul, Stilgar and Gurney watch the Emperor's
     enormous ship on the Arrakeen landing field below.

257A. through 258.  



     Thousands of Fremen are running, planting thumpers
     as they go.




               Gurney, when the storm hits... set off the
               atomics.  I want an opening through the
               entire Shield Wall.  Stilgar?  Do we have
               wormsign?

     Stilgar and Gurney laugh.


               Usul... We have wormsign, the likes of
               which even God has never seen.

     Paul smiles.



     Looking down over the huge desert it looks like a
     living sea of wormsign.  Everywhere ripples appear
     and worms are surfacing.



     Thousands of Fremen are running, positioning
     themselves to mount and ride.



     Dust clouds grow faster and the speed of the WIND
     increases.  Sand particles hit at a rock outcropping
     and up close they sound like giant warrior drummers
     pounding before battle.



     Suddenly above come hundreds of SCREAMING space
     ships zooming down across the desert floor and
     towards the landing field.

264. 



     The storm is howling now.  Sand blasts against rock
     and rips pieces away.




               Bring in that floating fat man... the
               Baron.

     The Baron is brought in.  Distant warning SIGNALS
     begin.  The Baron is fighting to contain his fear
     because RABBAN'S HEAD SITS ALL BLOODY ON THE FLOOR
     in front of him.  Finally the Emperor speaks.


               Why have you brought me here?


               Your Highness... There must be some
               mistake... I never requested your
               presence.


               Ah?  But your lack of action demanded it.
               Your dreadful mismanagement, your bad
               judgement in assigning to Rabban --
                    
               -- the governorship....  You forced me to
               come here and set things straight...
               personally.


               Bring in the messenger.

     Alia is brought in by the Sardaukar soldiers.  She
     is smiling.


               I am the messenger from Muad'dib.  Poor
               Emperor, I'm afraid my brother won't be
               very pleased with you.


               Silence!...  I do not court your brother's
               pleasure.

     Suddenly the Reverend Mother looks horrified and
     grabs her throat.


                    
               Kill this child!!  She's an abomination!!
               Kill her.
                    (points to Alia, who is smiling at
                    her)
               Get out of my mind!!!


               Not until you tell them both who I really
               am.


                    
               Sister of Paul Muad'dib.

     The Reverend Mother slumps.  The Baron's mouth flies
     open.  The Emperor's face goes pale, his lips
     tremble.


               Paul's sister... Paul is Muad'dib?!

     He turns quickly and looks at the two Guild agents
     present in the room.  They stare at him icily.  Alia
     is smiles happily.



     Paul smiles.


                    
               Alia keeps pace with the storm.

     Gurney and Stilgar don't understand.  Suddenly
     enormous dust clouds and LIGHTNING sweep up over the
     Shield Wall.


               Gurney, now!

     Gurney gives a hand signal and...


                    
               Atomics!



     ...TWENTY EXPLOSIONS of hydrogen bomb intensity go
     off in a row, cutting a huge gorge through the width
     of the massive Shield Wall.  As the EXPLOSIONS go
     off, a WIND howls, destroying much of Arrakeen and
     covering the rest with tons of sand.  Sand rips at
     the Palace and the Emperor's ship.



     Alia smiles as they HEAR the tremendous roaring,
     atomic screams of the explosions.  The Emperor's
     ship's warning SIGNALS are now close and loud.


               My brother is coming... with many Fremen
               warriors.

     A Sardaukar rushes in.


               The Shield Wall is gone.


               Impossible!


               Not impossible.  I told you... He is here
               now.


               Majesty, into the ship!


                    
               Release the Sardaukar.  Baron... give this
               little abomination to the storm.

     They all leave the room, including the Sardaukars.

270A. through 271.  




               I have her, Majesty!

     The Baron floats down to her.  Alia turns to him --
     still smiling.  With a flash of her hand she reaches
     out and swipes at the Baron's face.  He CRIES OUT in
     pain.  She pulls his suspensor plugs and pushes him
     back, then slowly shows him the tiny needle she
     holds in her hand.  He spins crazily as he screams
     from the poison.



     Worms, each with hundreds of Fremen on them, come
     slithering through the newly-formed canyon in the
     Shield Wall.



     Paul rides the lead worm with Gurney and Stilgar by
     his side.  The storm is howling and blowing with
     horrifying intensity.



     The Emperor and his Sardaukar officers in a darkened
     room where they are horrified to see on the screens
     the hundreds of worms which are coming into the
     Arrakeen valley.  All their faces show fear.




     Suddenly the wall behind Alia and the spinning Baron
     is completely blown away by a BLAST.

     The Baron floats and spins out into the storm.



     As the worms enter the Arrakeen basin they meet the
     Sardaukar.  The Sardaukar don't have a chance -- the
     worms suck them up by the hundreds.  The Fremen on
     the worm's backs fire weapons, killing the few
     Sardaukar the worms leave behind.



     The space ships which were recently airborne are now
     crashing because of the storm.



     The Baron floats and spins high in the dust clouds
     of the storm over the Arrakeen Valley.



     The worm, that Paul, Gurney and Stilgar are riding,
     suddenly rears up.  Its mouth opens.  The Baron
     appears as a tiny spinning shape.  He flies directly
     into the mouth of this collosal worm and is
     devoured.



     A thousand Fremen battle Sardaukar outside the
     Emperor's tent.  They soon overpower them and rush
     into the giant steel structure.



     The entire airfield is now filled with wild worms,
     Fremen, and dead or dying Sardaukar.



     Alia moves dreamily among the dying Sardaukar.

279. through 280.   



     Paul enters the Palace hall and the first thing he
     sees is the giant bull's head.  The horns have been
     blown off and the Atreides banner has been stuffed
     and wired into the mouth.

     A WIND moans through the Palace.

     Paul turns.  Gurney and several guards bring in the
     Emperor, Irulan, the Reverend Mother, Sardaukar
     generals, Guildsmen, Feyd and Thufir.  The Fedaykin
     and Fremen troops line the walls.

     Paul's eyes meet Feyd's -- Feyd gives him an evil
     smile.

     Paul turns and looks at the Emperor, who stares back
     defiantly.  Paul moves his gaze to Irulan, who
     lowers her eyes.  He then sees his old teacher,
     Thufir Hawat, whose tired eyes wander helplessly.


               Gurney... I see Thufir Hawat among the
               captives.  Let him stand free.


               My Lord?


               Let him stand free!

     The Emperor turns nervously to Feyd, who passes a
     golden dagger to Thufir.


                    
               The antidote...


                    
               Thufir.  Come.

     Thufir approaches Paul, concealing the knife.  They
     come face to face.  The Emperor seems strangely
     tense at this moment.  Paul notices this.  He looks
     Thufir over.


                    
               A knife....
                    
               In payment of the many years of service to
               my family, you may know ask of me anything
               you wish.  Anything at all.
                    
               Do you need my life, old friend?

     He turns his back on him.


                    
               It is yours.

     Thufir's eyes grow sad and wide.


               I mean this, Thufir.  If you are to
               strike, do it now.

     Thufir's hand rises, as Jessica gasps, but the old
     Mentat pulls his heart plug out with a quick tearing
     motion.  Paul turns and catches him as he sags.

     His head lolls back and he looks up to Paul
     urgently.


               Three... generations... of you...

     His breath escapes him and he is dead.


                    
               Carry this noble Atreides warrior away.
               Do him all honor.

     The guards do as they are instructed.


               Emperor Shadam the IV... there are Guild
               Heighliners above us containing many Great
               Houses of the Lansraad....  SEND THEM



               How dare you speak to me...


                    
               Stop your speaking!!


                    
               Good.  You have some idea of what I would
               do but I will tell it to one who has never
               been seen... one who hides deep in the
               Heighliner control rooms.  He will hear it
               first.


                    
               No!

     Paul smiles as we move closer and closer to him.



     Suddenly we are in the Heighliner control room, near
     the floor in the chemical spills.  We move up into
     the orange gas.  THUNDERING begins to shake the
     Heighliner.


               Where are you....  Let me see you or there
               will be no spice.

     We move into very thick gas and there is a ROARING.
     Suddenly Paul sees the Third Stage Navigator.


               You know what I'm about to say is true....
               I have the power to destroy the spice
               forever.

     The Guild Navigator's mouth stretches back in a
     horrible MOAN.  The moan becomes more pained and
     grows louder and louder.



     The Guildsmen in the room are MOANING and SCREAMING
     and swarming out towards the doorway -- the Fremen
     stop them.  The Emperor and all are amazed and
     frightened.  There is a long hush.  The old Reverend
     Mother then turns and glares at Paul.


               Don't try your powers on me.  Try looking
               into that place where you dare not look.
               You'll find me there staring back at you!!
               You Bene Gesserit have waited ninety
               generations to produce the one person your
               schemes required.  Here I stand.  But... I
               will never be yours.


               Stop him, Jessica!


               Stop him yourself.


               You saw a part of what the race needs in
               the beginning.  In time you perverted the
               truth.  You sought to control human
               breeding and intermix a select few
               according to a selfish master plan.  How
               little you understand.


               You mustn't speak of...


                    


     The old woman is shot backwards by the power of his
     shout.  Her breath is knocked out of her.


               I remember your gom jabbar, now you
               remember mine.  I can kill with a word.

     A Fedaykin stand forward and recites from the
     prophecy.


               ...and his word shall carry death eternal
               to those who stand against the righteous.

     Feyd hears this and is angered.


               The righteous!


                    
               There is a Harkonnen among you.  Give the
               Harkonnen a blade and let him stand forth.


               If Feyd wishes, he can meet you with my
               blade in his hand.


               I wish it.
                    


               This is a Harkonnen animal.  Let me,
               please, my Lord.


               The Emperor's blade.

     Feyd takes up the Emperor's blade with a smile.
     Paul takes out his crysknife.  They begin to circle
     each other.

     Paul smiles, circling still.  Suddenly, Feyd leaps,
     his blade jabbing savagely outward, but Paul easily
     evades it, moving away.  They begin to circle again.

     He makes another pass at Paul that comes dangerously
     close, but again, Paul is away, a frozen smile on
     his face.


               Why prolong the inevitable?  I will kill
               you!  I will kill him!

     Feyd smiles.  He lashes out biting Paul's hand.
     Feyd LAUGHS in triumph.

     Feyd leaps forward jabbing, his right hip also
     forward.  Yet Paul, although a little slowly, again
     reels away.  Again, Feyd thrusts.

     This time Paul jabs with his crysknife, but Feyd
     moves away effortlessly.  Feyd counters and kicks
     Paul to the ground.


               Paul!

     Paul is up instantly and he circles with Feyd.


                    
               Who is the little one?  A pet, perhaps?
               Will she deserve my special attentions?

     Paul jabs out, his crysknife slashing.  Feyd grabs
     his arm, and Paul his, the two men locked in a
     straining clinch.  Feyd presses his right hip closer
     and closer to Paul's body.  Paul strains to keep it
     away.  Suddenly, the gom jabbar flips out of Feyd's
     girdle, but on the left side, and he lunges
     powerfully with it at Paul, who just barely misses
     taking it in his skin.  He throws Feyd back, but not
     before Feyd's feet strike out, sending Paul to the
     floor.  Feyd leaps onto him.


                    
               You see... your death... my blade will
               finish you.

     Suddenly, Paul, with lightning swiftness, pushes
     Feyd up and over.  He is on top of him in a flash.

     Paul's crysknife flashes up, thrusting upward
     through Feyd's jaw.  Feyd's mouth opens as the knife
     continues up through his tongue and through to his
     brain.  Feyd's eyes go wild, then glaze over as he
     jerks dead on the floor.  Paul slowly gets to his
     feet, breathing heavily.  Anger still seething in
     him, Paul issues a SOUND -- a loud, horrible,
     powerful sound, and Feyd's internal organs rupture
     and the stone floor under him cracks open.  The
     Fedaykin smile.


               Usul no longer needs the weirding module.

     Everyone stares in disbelief.  Paul looks to the
     Emperor.


               Now, I will tell you how it will be.
               Irulan shall be my wife, opening the way
               for an Atreides to take the throne.


               I sit on the throne!!


               You will sit on a throne on Selusa
               Secundus, your prison planet.  Either that
               or you will die.

     The Emperor is still.  Paul moves to Chani.


                    
               The Princess shall have no more of me than
               my name... no child of mine or touch the
               softness of glance... nor instant of
               desire....  This is my promise to you...
                    
               ...my love.

     Paul turns back to the others.

     Jessica turns to Chani and whispers to her.


               Think on it Chani... We who carry the name
               of concubine... history will call us
               wives.

     Alia enters with two monks.  She signals and one of
     them places a cloak over Paul's shoulders.


               The Fremen have the word of Muad'dib.
               They will have their Holy War to cleanse
               the Universe... they will have Arrakis...
               Dune... their planet.  There will be
               flowing water here open to the sky and
               rich green oases.  For the spice there
               will always be some desert.  There will be
               fierce winds and trials to toughen men.
               We Fremen have a saying...
                    
               "God created Arrakis to train the
               faithful."
               One cannot go against the word of God.

     Everyone in the room stares at him soundlessly.


               And how can this be?

     There are three powerful drum hits.


               For... he is the Kwisatz Haderach!



     Paul opens his mouth and issues an ever increasing
     wind.  Lightning and thunder begin.  Clouds begin to
     form over the Palace.  In the half-light of dusk,
     thousands of Fremen watch the sky.  Giant golden
     lights are illuminated and their rays shoot far into
     the sky illuminating the growing clouds.  Five
     tremendous bolts of lightning suddenly unleash a
     downpour of RAIN ON ARRAKIS.  The Fremen stand
     awestruck as they are drenched with water falling
     from the sky.



     WE MOVE through Paul's glowing blue eyes into
     beautiful blue luminescent light.

     A gigantic WIND arises, and suddenly appearing in
     the blue light is an ocean of light rolling like
     gold glass off into infinite.  The blue becomes
     darker and a golden lotus flower blooms in the
     night.




This script was found in INFlow. It was shameless taken off from somewhere
else, may god, copyright owners and people who worked hard and were not
credited forgive us.


