






                                        Written by

                             Patrick Melton &amp; Marcus Dunston



                                      Revised Draft









               The white sun beats down on the rocky terrain. There's not a 
               cloud in the blue sky and the wind is at a standstill.

               Far in the distance, a MEDIUM SIZED FLAT-BED TRUCK makes its 
               way to the entrance of a large cavern opening. Two VULTURES 
               perched on a barren tree watch the intruders.



               The truck screeches to a dusty stop. Three men in matching 
               coveralls and hard hats jump from the cab: CHIEF (42, stocky, 
               weary), LANKY  and COLLEGE BOY (23, clean cut 
               and naive).

               Chief holds a map and glares into the howling black mouth 
               before them.


                         This is it.


                         Why did it have to be these caves...


                         Is something wrong?


                              
                         Don't mind me, buddy. It's nothin'.

               Chief grabs a flashlight and moves to the back of the truck.

               The logo on the rear gate reads "WIGWAM WASTE MANAGEMENT." 


                         Let's get that first barrel.

               The gate drops revealing their full load of YELLOW BARRELS 
               bearing the familiar BIOHAZARD WASTE symbol.



               College Boy and Lanky steer a cart loaded with the first 
               barrel inside. Chief's lone beam of light leads the men.


                         What's with the awkward silence?


                         You don't know?

               College Boy shakes his head "no" and they set the cart down.


                         Last winter, a man kidnapped a little 
                         girl and holed up in one of these 
                         caves. The cops had him pinned down 
                         and began to move in. This guy started 
                         shooting... but he wasn't aiming at 
                         the officers...
                              
                         ...he was firing at something inside.

               College Boy is rapt.


                         When the dust cleared, all they found 
                         was the little girl's shoes.
                              
                         With the feet still in 'em.

               Something GRABS College Boy's ankles, causing him to jump.


                         Ahh!!!

               Lanky's on his knees, having grabbed him from behind. The 
               two men mockingly laugh. College boy settles, embarrassed.


                         Assholes.


                         Hey, relax, I nearly shit myself 
                         when my boss pulled that one on me.


                         I went well beyond nearly.

               Then, a sound. All eyes turn.


                         What was that?


                         Once was plenty, fellas.


                         Shhhh...

               As Chief moves forward, pulling out his pick-axe.

               Instantly, the cave is illuminated by a white floodlight. A 
               group of GREENPEACE HIPPIE ACTIVISTS stand in the cave, 
               CHAINED TOGETHER at the waist, startling the men into screams.

               MEAN GREEN (35, crooked glasses on a face that has launched 
               a thousand craps) barks into a MINI BULLHORN that hangs around 
               her neck. She charges towards Chief.


                         Stop it right there! You will not 
                         rape Mother Nature one more day!

               Panicked, Chief drops his pick-axe and stumbles back.


                         Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!

               In unison, the hippies start CHANTING.


                         Mother Nature is not a whore/Don't 
                         dump in her any-more/Mother Nature 
                         is not a whore/Don't dump in her any-
                         more...

               A BEARDED CAMERAMAN with a huge KEY RING on his belt, films 
               the whole event. The three men are stopped in their tracks.  


                         Take it easy! We have a permit!


                              
                         And we have an injunction from the 
                         State to prevent any dumping in these 
                         caverns! This is virgin land! The 
                         aqueducts in these caves bring 
                         drinking water to our families, and 
                         its piping provides drainage for our 
                         farms that enrich this barren land! 
                         And it won't be tainted by waste of 
                         any kind! Not now! Not ever!

               Chief, shaken, confirms the injunction and hands it back.


                         Fine, just back off!

               He snaps his fingers, motioning to the barrel.


                         Let's roll... Now-now-now!

               Backing away, looking to Mean Green.


                         How do you guys always know where 
                         we're going?


                              
                         I'll tell ya next time! NOW MOVE IT!

               Hastily, the men roll the barrel out of the cave.


                         Score one for the green team!!!

               The hippies let out a spirited cheer. One pulls out a 
               tambourine, drums the beat for KUM BI YA. The rest join in 
               the victorious chant as they watch the three men hop in their 
               truck and peel away.


                         Hey, man, that was righteous, but I 
                         need a shot with the sign up.

               At the end of the human chain, an earthy woman, FUZZY, moves 
               to hang a GREENPEACE sign. Mean Green strokes the cave wall.


                         We saved you today, ol' gal.

               Fuzzy hammers the sign in, but hits too hard, causing a breach 
               in the rock wall.


                         Oh, fuck!


                         Sister, why do you always swing for 
                         the fences?


                              
                         It's okay, but I... I think I see 
                         something in there... something shiny.

               Fuzzy puts her face up to the hole for a closer look. The 
               rest of the hippie-chain moves in closer.


                         Oh my, it looks like diamonds!

               CHOMP! A set of giant, ravenous teeth bite into Fuzzy's skull. 
               Blood SPLATTERS on the hippies.

               Bearded Cameraman jumps to pull Fuzzy from the breach.

               Fuzzy's body is YANKED into the hole. The group tumbles 
               forward.

               Mean Green tries to stop herself from sliding, but can't.

               One by one, the hippies are being dragged to their death.

               Ripping, tearing, and howling echoes off the walls.

               Bearded Cameraman stumbles back. Mean Green spots him.


                         Give me the keys!!!

               Bearded Camerman just stares at her in shock. He's missing 
               both his arms.

               Mean Green lunges and grabs Chief's dropped pick-axe. She 
               HAMMERS at the chain around her waist.

               Foot by foot, she's dragged closer. At the last second, she 
               BREAKS the chain, popping herself free.

               She spins, running for safety. A guttural HOWL behind her 
               fills the cavern. Mean Green sprints toward the cave opening. 
               She's gonna make it. Only a few more feet. And then... JERK!

               Something grabs her neck and YANKS her back into the darkness. 
               The whiplash sends her bloody BULLHORN flying into the light. 
               As it lands, it lets out one last weak HONK...





               The title SHATTERS...



               P.O.V. - We frantically EMERGE from the burning wreck... 
               RUN from the crash over desolate prairie land...



               Neon light flashes UNITED NATIONS TAVERN. Laughing and music 
               emanates. Besides the bar, there's nothing around for miles.

               A 1985, pristine black Pontiac Trans-Am with a Golden Eagle 
               on the hood pulls up. The rear bumper sticker reads "MY OTHER 


               A weasel-like man with a fat belly and tank-top emerges from 
               the hot rod carrying a VELVET POOL CUE CASE. Freeze on him.







               The rest of the parking lot is scattered with cars and pickup 
               trucks. Bozo lazily makes his way to the bar and pushes 
               through the front entrance --



               Bozo passes a man dressed in a cheap suit and standing well 
               over six foot five with frazzled black hair and olive skin.

               Talking with a thick Greek accent, he pleads into a pay phone.


                              
                         They took my laptop with my PowerPoint 
                         presentation, my Blackberry, my 
                         cell... And to top it off, my car 
                         crapped out on the side of the road! 
                         I'm not making the conference and I 
                         have fourteen leads waiting for me. 
                         You gotta help me out here. I'm not 
                         kidding, I've have fourteen PRIMO 
                         leads waiting in the lobby of the 
                         Mariott... MARIOTT...

               Freeze on him.







               CLICK. The pay phone goes dead.


                         Son of a --
                              
                         In with anger, out with love.

               Further into the bar, a man in a wheelchair loads a quarter 
               into an old jukebox, but he is instantly pushed away by Bozo.

               Freeze on him.







               Bozo's tank-top reads, "ONLY COOL CHICKS CAN DO ME."


                              
                         Hey...


                         Shut up, fag.

               Bozo punches in his selection. EDGY CAT (34, samurai pony 
               tail, don't you dare call him an alcoholic) stands by the 
               bar's POOL TABLE powdering his cue.


                              
                         You're late!


                         Don't dilly-dally then. Rack 'em!

               The CD spins and an 1980s heavy metal classic KICKS IN.

               Bozo, mouthing the lyrics, struts away.

               NOTE: Music plays over all the bar sequences.



               P.O.V. - We continue to run. Rapid breathing.



               Beer Guy  sets a keg of beer 
               behind the bar. Freeze on him.







               He talks with BARTENDER (thinning hair, chiseled face, big 
               earring) who preps a drink.


                         I mean, we'd been together for so 
                         long and then... bang! She drops me. 
                         Since then, it's been like a damn 
                         country song: she's gone, the car's 
                         repossessed, and a father figure 
                         made a pass at me. I'm not saying I 
                         ever had it. But I have definitely 
                         lost it.
                              
                         Now I haul this swill from armpit to 
                         armpit. I used to be a model for 
                         Christ's sake.

               Coach has been eavesdropping on Beer Guy and approaches.


                         For what, may I ask?


                         JC Penny. Spring wear.

               Beer Guy then mimics throwing a sport coat over his shoulder 
               and delivering his "model" cheese smile.


                         You know, Chach, catching you at 
                         this low point is pure serendipity.


                         Why is that?


                         Because I take the rubble of man and 
                         build superstars. In my briefcase 
                         here is a doorway to a self-help 
                         sensation. Give me a minute, because 
                         I'd like to buy you a drink and change 
                         your life forever. I have a brochure --


                         Save it. We don't deal in pamphlets 
                         'round here. We stick to chemistry. 
                         And his drinks are on me.

               Bartender puts a shot in front of Beer Guy. Behind him, a 
               mounted DEER HEAD is prominently displayed. Freeze on him.







               With Coach stumped, Bartender turns to Beer Guy.


                         Was that the last keg?


                         Yup, one keg of Beast for the 
                         basement, then the truck's dry.


                         If you're stayin', move the truck, 
                         boss gets pissed about you using 
                         primo parking.

               Beer Guy downs his shot and hoists the lone keg into the 
               waiting keg elevator.


                         Right, 'cause this joint's hopping.

               He hits a button and the keg slowly lowers to the basement.



               P.O.V. - We jump over a bush and crash in the dusty earth.



               A glass of beer slides down the bar. A hand GRABS it and 
               puts it on a tray. The woman is pretty though haggard, stained 
               apron and dirty blond hair. Freeze on her.








               Tuffy carries the tray toward a table. She passes a TV mounted 
               on the wall.

               ON TV: A NEWSCASTER, dressed in a coat and tie, talks.


                         ...the search for the missing 
                         protesters will be further complicated 
                         by the unstable conditions of these 
                         deep tunnels. Thus far, no sign of 
                         life has been detected, yet town 
                         officials are still optimistic.

               Newscaster spins and an ECLIPSE GRAPHIC appears on screen.


                         On a brighter note, or should I say 
                         a darker note, tomorrow's solar 
                         eclipse will bring out adults and 
                         children alike for a citywide fair 
                         of this metrological event. Stay 
                         tuned for our man on the street to 
                         take a closer look...



               Beer Guy pulls the keg from the elevator and places it next 
               to other kegs. A faint conversation brews behind a curtain. 
               BOSS MAN  and ROADIE (English accent, 
               light hair, leather skin, thin build) talk shop.


                         Listen, bud. I got a load ready to 
                         move and your man's not here.


                         He's coming. Relax. And if he doesn't 
                         show --


                         We got a problem.



               P.O.V. - We are trucking... labored breathing...



               Tuffy moves to a table where ADULTERER (bushy mustache, 
               sweater vest, dress shirt) sits with TRAMPY (designer glasses, 
               hair pulled back, tight blue business suit, closet tramp). 

               Freeze on Trampy.








                         He said there was no reason I had to 
                         stay a teller and that if I did good 
                         work and didn't mess up, I could 
                         become an assistant manager within 
                         three years.
                              
                         Can you believe that?


                         That sounds great.

               Freeze on him.








               Adulterer reaches into his pocket to pay the tab, but he 
               inadvertently pulls out his hidden WEDDING RING.


                         That sounds like bullshit! I could 
                         be an assistant manager at The Lake 
                         Arrowhead Casino for knowing the 
                         fuckin' alphabet to G! I'll be twenty 
                         in three months...

               The damning wedding band falls and bounces. As it rolls, 
               Tuffy, Trampy and Adulterer watch.

               The ring stops, standing still on its side.

               Trampy seethes as she chooses which obscenity to deliver.

               Adulterer slides a wad of cash to Tuffy.


                         Just bring the whole bottle.



               P.O.V. - Sprinting and wheezing. The bar lights are ahead.



               Tuffy walks back over to the bar adding Adulterer's cash to 
               a fat roll of money. BELLE (stringy blond hair, cute face, 
               brand-spanking new employee) looks up with surprise.

               Freeze on her.









                         If I could made that kind of money, 
                         I'd be in Hollywood next week.

               Boss Man walks by and nods to Tuffy, making his way to the 
               rickety side-staircase to the SECOND FLOOR. Tuffy grinds her 
               teeth and moves to the staircase.


                         'Round here, there are ways.

               Boss Man winks at Belle. Pure sleaze.

               Freeze on him.









               P.O.V. - Running, approaching the distant bar...



               Bozo looks grimly at a pile of CASH on the ledge of the pool 
               table. Edgy Cat sinks the eighth shot of a NINE BALL game.


                         That cash is gonna look much better 
                         in my pocket.


                              
                         Ya know, that deer only looks scared 
                         when you're in the room.

               Para rolls up behind Edgy.


                         Excuse me, please.


                         Jesus!

               Edgy looks to Para, distracted. Bozo quickly replaces the 
               WHITE CUE BALL with one hidden in his waistline.



               P.O.V. - The bar's a quarter mile away.



               Para's chair back aims at the pool table pocket of which 
               Edgy Cat is lining up for the winning shot.


                         That's all she wrote...

               SMACK! The nine ball sinks in the pocket, the cue ball 
               ricochets away as intended.

               Para flips a switch under his wheelchair's arm rest. The cue 
               ball strays ODDLY into the pocket near Para. Scratch.


                         What?!


                         Ohhh, now that's a rough one.


                         That's motherfuckin' impossible!


                              
                         Yoh anga will be yoh downfah. Go 
                         again?


                         Goddamn it! NO!


                         Oh, come on. Crape Diem!

               Bozo takes the cash from the table. Edgy Cat sulks away 
               cursing to himself and moves to the bar.

               Roadie looks on, sipping a beer.

               Freeze on Roadie.









               P.O.V. - Still running. The bar is getting closer.



               Bozo HITS the table of GRANDPA (elderly, white hair, bushy 
               white mustache) and GRANDMA .

               Freeze on them.








                         Wake up! Check your pants!


                         Get outta here.


                              
                         What's that? Wha'cha say? Huh?
                              
                         How much for the whole night, Grandma?


                         You should be so lucky.


                              
                         This one will stun ya, but this one 
                         will put ya to sleep.


                         Whoa!

               Bozo approaches OLD VET (52, long hair with bandanna, dirty 
               beard) HARLEY MOM,  
               and DRUNK GUY at the bar. The sad trio toss peanut shells 
               into three nearby tall, fat peanut barrels.


                         You boys wanna try your luck at the 
                         loot?

               Harley mom is offended. Not a word from the others.


                         Come on, I'll even throw with my 
                         left hand.

               He turns in disappointment.


                         Nothin' but a bunch of butts and 
                         pussies in here!



               P.O.V. - The bar is close -- we leap a ditch.



               KRASH! Belle DROPS a tray full of drinks behind the bar.


                         Shit! Shit! Shit!


                         Don't sweat it, just clean it up 
                         before he's done.

               He points up to the second floor.



               Tuffy's son CODY  sits on the floor 
               watching TV. Freeze on him.






               Tuffy puts headphones over his ears.


                         Keep these on, sweetheart.


                         Mommy, I want Nemo.


                         Mommy's working on it.

               Tuffy kisses him and then moves to an adjacent room.



               Tuffy enters the room and takes off her blouse exposing her 
               breasts. She pulls up her skirt and bends over a bedpost.


                         Let's get this over with.

               Boss Man walks up naked, except for red cowboy boots.


                         I love a woman with enthusiasm.



               Bozo walks to the middle of the room.


                         I got two hundred bucks says none of 
                         you can beat me!


                         Hey! Get quiet or get out.


                         C'mon guys --



               P.O.V. - Hurtling toward the double doors and --




                         Gimme some ACTION --

               BOOM! The double doors to the bar are kicked open by HERO 
               .

               KRASH! Belle DROPS a second tray of drinks --



               Hero is scraped, bruised and bloodied. He is dressed in blue 
               denim and holds a RUST-RED SHOTGUN and GUNNY SACK.

               He SLAMS the double doors shut and props a chair against the 
               handles, securing them.


                         Unless you people want to die you'll 
                         do what I say and you'll do it fast!

               Bartender cocks his SHOTGUN.


                         You hold it right there, mister.


                         A storm of hell's coming down on 
                         this place any minute!


                         Drop the canon!

               Hero puts down the shotgun and moves towards Bartender.


                         I'm not armed now, just hear me out.


                         I'll drop you and not even think 
                         about it!


                         Let me explain!


                         You got one second to --

               Hero reveals a drool-dripping, white, GRANDPA BEAST HEAD 
               from the gunny sack and holds it out and for all to see.


                         Take a good look and listen to me! 
                         There's at least a four of these 
                         things out there!

               Grandpa Beast's head has large red eyeballs and a mouth full 
               of jagged, ivory white teeth. It is like an albino jackal 
               head with spiked hair.


                         I saw one of them tear up five men 
                         like they were corn on the cob!
                              
                         I don't know what they are. I don't 
                         know where they came from. All I do 
                         know is that these fuckers are fast, 
                         nasty, and hungry.

               The bar stares at him, slack-jawed.


                         And they can fly. Not to mention 
                         they got claws like Ginsu knifes and 
                         more teeth than a chainsaw.

               The Bartender lowers his shotgun slightly. Fast as a snake, 
               Hero GRABS it. He notices the engraving, "THE JUDGE."


                         They're like goddamn blood hungry 
                         biker tattoos come to life. They're 
                         clocking us. Right now. And we have 
                         to lock this bar down!
                              
                         That means doors, windows, drains, 
                         and basements. We have to do it fast!

               Hero looks out the lone front window.


                              
                         You! Get on that phone. Call the 
                         cops, National Guard, townies, whoever 
                         kicks ass and get 'em out here.

               Belle moves to a pay phone at the end of the bar.


                         Any questions?


                         Who are you?


                         I'm the hero --

               CRASH! A white Beast arms BURSTS through the window and SPLITS 
               Hero right down the middle. The Judge FIRES into the ceiling --



               The Judge's blast blows a toe off Boss Man's RIGHT FOOT as 
               he reaches climax with Tuffy. Boss Man HOLLERS.



               Hero's right half is JERKED outside through the window.

               Blood sprays. Rapid chomping. CRASH! The double doors are 
               kicked open, splintering the propped up chair.

               HEROINE (Native American, rugged, ripped pants, wickedly 
               hot) rushes in, slams the doors shut and instinctively kicks 
               up the RUST RED SHOTGUN. She flips it sideways and slides 
               the metal weapon through the handles of the double doors, 
               securing them.

               BAM! A massive HIT slams into the doors from the outside 
               sending Heroine SLIDING across the floor.

               She SPRINGS to her feet and drives her weight into a table 
               attempting to hoist it over the now open window.




               Old Vet and Harley Mom rush to Heroine's aid. They raise the 
               table to cover the gaping hole. Heroine looks outside.




               A BEAST nails the rising table, just missing Heroine's face.

               The table falls, pinning Heroine.

               JUNIOR BEAST enters. He's small and too fast to see well.

               He SWIPES the heads off Old Vet and Harley Mom. Bartender 
               grabs The Judge, but he's SCRATCHED down the back.

               Junior Beast rips out the pay phone. Knocks over the TV.

               Yanks out half of Trampy's hair.

               Edgy Cat CHARGES the spastic monster with a stool.


                         I got you!

               Edgy Cat misses. Junior Beast sends him FLYING into a wall.

               BLAM! BLAM! Bartender FIRES The Judge at the creature hitting 
               lights instead. An errant shot destroys Edgy Cat's face.

               Para covers as Junior Beast RIPS the back of his wheelchair.

               Roadie WHACKS Junior Beast with a chair. Stunned, it flies 
               across the room, landing in a metal ICE COOLER.

               Bozo SLAMS it closed, capturing Junior Beast.


                         Got 'cha!



               Shadows of THREE SHRIEKING BEASTS close in on the window...



               Bartender runs across the bar and SLAMS shut the thick wood 
               shutters. The Beasts HIT, cracking the middle.

               Roadie power lifts the table with Heroine and braces it 
               against the window for reinforcement, but a FURRY ARM busts 
               through and grabs the other half of Hero.


                         Goddamn you!

               Blood starts to SPRAY from outside as the rest of Hero is 
               being devoured through the smallish hole.

               Heroine works a GOLD RING off of Hero's ring finger. The 
               feeding MOMMA BEAST'S head breaks in through the hole. It 
               grabs Heroine's left forearm.

               Bartender aims The Judge at the Beast...


                         You'll hit her!

               Roadie KNOCKS The Judge up -- BLAM!



               The Judge's shotgun blast blows off another toe on Boss Man's 
               RIGHT FOOT. He cries out in agony. 



               Heroine spins and buries a splintered piece of the broken 
               chair into the ATTACKING MOMMA BEAST'S RIGHT EYE. The Beast 
               SCREECHES and jerks back, dragging the rest of Hero outside.

               Heroine clutches the ring. Shrieks and flapping wings are 
               heard outside. They dissipate. A moment of calm.

               Belle timidly holds the receiver of the busted pay phone.

               The other patrons emerge from under tables and other hiding 
               spaces in various states of shock. Junior Beast has 
               momentarily stopped moving. Bozo secures the lid with a nearby 



                         What the FUCK was that?

               Wild-eyed and with a trembling hand, Heroine pours herself a 
               shot from the bar. She downs it and takes a long breath.


                         The jungle has a new king.

               Freeze on her.








               Pan and scan over various NEWSPAPER HEADINGS with pictures 
               and newsreel footage that read:




























               There is a HOLLER at the top of the stairs. Everyone turns.


                         Is it clear?!


                         Yeah.


                         Is there a gun pointing at you?


                         Nah, I got the gun.

               Boss Man hobbles down the stairs with the help of Tuffy. His 
               foot is a bloody mess. He is holding a .38.


                         Alright goddamn it! Who shot me!? 
                         Who did it!?

               Belle and Bartender move to his aid.


                         My goddamn foot is gone! Who fuckin' 
                         shot me? Who fuckin' shot me!?


                              
                         Her fella.


                         My husband...


                         Well, where's the sonuvabitch!?


                         He's dead.


                         What?
                              
                         What the hell happened down here?!

               Boss Man looks to Bozo.


                         I didn't do it! It was fuckin' 
                         monsters, asshole!


                         Jesus Christ on the cross... someone 
                         make sense.


                         Easy. We're surrounded by something 
                         the likes none of you have ever seen 
                         before. Some kind of animals. Real 
                         fast, volatile, predators. One went 
                         through three of your patrons like 
                         nothing.


                         So, your dead hubby shot me twice, 
                         three of my customers have been eaten, 
                         and there are angry creatures outside?


                         He only shot you once.


                         Huh?


                              
                         He shot you the other time.


                         It was an accident. Sorry.

               Boss Man squints skeptically. Adulterer points to GRANDPA 
               BEAST'S HEAD on the bar.


                         Look at it!


                         Fan-fuckin-tastic.


                         My god... what is that?


                         That's one piece of four problems.


                         Please elaborate.


                         That head over there, that's the 
                         oldest of the bunch, looked like the 
                         Grandpa. We caught the little one, 
                         Junior, in the cooler there. As we've 
                         seen, what he lacks in size he more 
                         than makes up for in speed.


                         And the rest of 'em?


                         Unfortunately, the worst of 'em are 
                         still outside.

               NOTE: As Heroine describes each beast, we see a slight glimpse 
               of their virtues, hidden mainly by shadows and fog.


                         The next one is taller, but all out 
                         of proportion. Like a "teen beast."



               TEEN BEAST has a big head and awkward body. He clumsily moves 
               and seems uncomfortable in his own skin.


                         He was spastic, clumsy, but deadly 
                         just the same.



               Heroine tends to her scratched arm.


                         I just took the eye out of the mother. 
                         She calculates, guiding the attacks.



               MOMMA BEAST flashes out from the dark. She's shorter than 
               Teen, but much wider. She has a big mouth and NATIONAL 
               GEOGRAPHIC BOOBS that hang down to her waist. She covers her 
               stabbed right eye and SCREECHES.



               Heroine taps her right eye.


                         If you are face to face with her, 
                         dive left.


                         And the last one is the --


                         Father. The biggest, the strongest...



               A blur of muscles, bloody fur, and teeth.



               The entire bar stares at Heroine with their mouths agape.


                         No sign of any weaknesses. No sign 
                         at all. He's an eating machine.


                         Of all the friggin' bars to be stuck 
                         in.


                         That's not it. Four are here, but 
                         there's three others... which I can't 
                         account for.

               Heroine eyes the room.


                         We need to lock this place down. Is 
                         everyone in this room?


                         Oh my god! My son! My SON!

               Tuffy races toward the staircase to the SECOND FLOOR.


                         Wait!

               Tuffy is halfway up the stairs.


                         Cody! Mommy's coming! Mommy's coming!


                         Stop her!


                         Hey!



               Tuffy BURSTS through the door. Cody sits by the TV, unmoved. 


                         Mommy --

               Tuffy pulls Cody into her arms. Heroine and Bartender halt 
               to guard the doorway. Heroine spots a SMALL PORTAL WINDOW.


                         Oh sweetheart! What was I thinking? 
                         Mommy is never gonna let you go!


                         Let's lock off this room.


                              
                         Never, ever, never. Never, ever, 
                         never, baby. I love you --

               SMASH! Papa Beast BURSTS through the portal window and RIPS 
               Cody's torso from Tuffy's grasp. Tuffy holds his DANGLING 
               ARMS. Blood sprays everywhere.




               Papa Beast LUNGES at Tuffy! Bartender SHOOTS, nailing Papa 
               Beast. He hisses, but can't fit through the small window.

               Bartender aims again for a kill shot, but Papa Beast 
               projectile vomits Cody's remains at Bartender.

               Papa Beast retracts out the portal window. Heroine SLAMS the 
               wood shutters closed.

               Tuffy drops Cody's arms. Bug-eyed. She moves, zombie-like, 
               to the staircase. Bartender follows, covered in Papa Beast's 
               bile. Heroine locks the staircase door shut.


                         Damn it.



               Beer Guy stares at the bile covered Bartender.


                         Oh god...

               He hands him a towel. Tuffy slowly walks towards the rest of 
               the patrons. The blood on her face and chest tells them what 
               happened. The horror hits home.

               Heroine eyes the destroyed phone.


                              
                         Are you --

               Heroine puts a hand up to silence Coach.


                         Just let her be... please.
                              
                         Is that the only phone?

               Bartender emerges from the back holding a mess of plastic 
               and wires.


                         The back phone is wrecked, too.

               Trampy's eyes light up and she digs through her purse.


                         This is really happening. I can't 
                         believe this is really happening.

               Grandpa and Grandma have calmly re-taken their seats.


                         What'd you say?


                         I didn't say anything.

               Bartender hesitantly tosses a wash towel over the Grandpa 
               Beast head at the end of the bar.

               Para is awkwardly trying to fix the back of his wheelchair.

               Belle moves over to help and sees a mess of wires coming 
               from the wheelchair's back rest.


                         Thank you, but I don't need any help --


                         What's this? A power magnet or 
                         something?


                         No. It's nothing.

               Belle puts together his scam with a smirk.


                         I didn't peg you for a con man.


                         Hey, it pays more than the couch.


                         Lots of stuff around here does.

               Trampy pulls out a CELLULAR PHONE from her purse.


                         Here!

               The group looks over. Adulterer GRABS it.


                         Hey!


                         Back off!

               Beer Guy walks from behind the bar.


                         So, what now? Did those things leave?


                         Why don't you go check it out?


                         Fuck no.


                              
                         I have a signal! I have -- Diane? 
                         Diane listen to me... get the kids 
                         and get in the basement... do it 
                         right now...

               Trampy stares with grief in her eyes.


                         I'll explain later. Not now! I'm at 
                         a bar... look... shut up! JUST SHUT 

                         DIANE! Diane! Diane?... Hello? Damn 
                         it! I lost the signal!

               Adulterer looks at the phone a bit dazed.


                         Okay. Okay. Look now, I gotta get 
                         outta here! I gotta go! My wife... 
                         See my wife is alone... She could be 
                         in trouble. I GOTTA GO!

               He moves towards the front door. Heroine moves into his path.


                         I wouldn't do that.

               Adulterer, violently grabs Heroine to shove her away.


                         Fuck you, bitch!

               Heroine nails Adulterer with THREE HITS to the chin, throat 
               and chest, flipping him to the floor. She pulls a KNIFE from 
               her belt buckle and has it under Adulterer's chin.


                         You can risk your life, but not mine! 
                         My daughter's no more than twenty 
                         miles from here waiting for me. I 
                         have just as much reason to leave 
                         this place as you do. But I also 
                         know that if they're here, then 
                         they're not there yet.

               Adulterer squirms.


                         You understand me?


                         Get the fuck off...


                         You understand me!?


                         Yes!


                         Now pull that tough boy shit again 
                         and I'll slice you from neck to nuts!

               Adulterer nods obediently. Heroine removes the knife from 
               his neck and plants it back into her buckle.


                         You can't keep me here. This is 
                         bullshit. Fuckin' bullshit. This is 
                         fucking BULLSHIT!


                         We can't risk letting them in.


                              
                         Right.

               Adulterer takes his seat. He looks over at the half bald 
               Trampy. She looks at him, hurt.

               At the bar, Bozo puts the TV back into place, he jiggles 
               with some wires in the back, bringing back the picture.


                         Anything?


                         Yeah, you got it.

               The bar takes notice. Trampy, cell phone in hand, paws through 
               a phone book as she watches the broadcast.


                         See! This has to be isolated. That's 
                         a local broadcast.

               ON TV: The Newscaster reads the teleprompter.


                         And now, we head to our man on the 
                         scene with a live look at tomorrow's 
                         event in Red Mountain.

               Heroine eagerly looks on, moving closer to the TV.


                         My daughter's in Red Mountain.

               ON TV: There is an awkward pause from the Newscaster. The 
               broadcast doesn't cut to the reporter.


                         Can you hear us? Apparently we're 
                         having some technical difficulties...

               Heroine sinks in her skin.


                         Oh no.


                         Oh, there we go!

               ON TV: A REPORTER, in an even worse suit, stands in a field 
               with several people looking through telescopes.


                         That's right, the crowds are lining 
                         up early to witness tomorrow's 
                         meteorological phenomenon.

               Heroine sighs a gust of relief.


                         But always remember, don't look 
                         straight into the sun because a 
                         special filter is needed to avoid 
                         damaging your cornea.

               The Reporter beams.


                         And we're all looking forward to it 
                         tomorrow. Back to you.

               In the studio, the Newscaster smirks.


                         Thank you. And in other news...

               Roadie points to the TV.


                         That studio's local, we can call in.


                         I have a short wave radio upstairs.

               Trampy is already dialing on the cell.


                         I'm calling them... it's ringing!


                         They'd have a police scanner.


                              
                         Hello? Yes, we're at the United --

               ON TV: the Newscaster continues his routine.


                         ...it has been reported that the 
                         power outage --

               A Beast arm REACHES in and TEARS off Newscaster's jaw. The 
               bar gasps in horror as his blood sprays. ZAP! The broadcast 
               cuts out, turning to static.

               Trampy screams and DROPS the cell, SHATTERING on impact.


                         Oh no! Oh fucking no!

               Heroine, tense, quells the rising panic.


                         Keep it together! I came from the 
                         east. That studio is south of here. 
                         For all we know, north and west are 
                         okay.


                         An associate of mine was coming in 
                         from the north, ain't heard a word 
                         from him in hours.


                         So, that leaves the west.

               Tuffy looks up from a booth, clearing her throat.


                         And Red Mountain. Your daughter.

               Heroine looks over, making eye contact.


                         Right.


                         This is goddamn depressing.

               At the door, Heroine slides a thick metal pole through the 
               double door handles and takes out the Rust Red shotgun.


                         I've got some tools and extra planks 
                         in the kitchen, if we're on the same 
                         page here.


                         Let's work.



               The last board is hammered into place as the survivors back 
               away from the now re-enforced bar.


                         We'll it ain't pretty...


                         But its got teeth.

               BAM-BAM-BAM! Junior Beast bangs around in the ice cooler.


                         I think it's hungry again.


                         We have to kill it.
                              
                         Can you help?

               Boss Man hobbles over to the cooler and aims his .38. Junior 
               Beast goes wild, trying to get out.


                         Fire in the hole!

               Bullets rip through the cooler. Junior squeals. More shots.

               Casings hit the ground. Smoke rises. Bozo leans in.


                         I think we got --

               RAH! A tiny white arm fires out from the cooler GRABBING 
               Bozo's leg. Bozo yelps.

               Moving quick, Tuffy grabs The Judge from Bartender and shoves 
               the barrel into a hole.

               BLAM! Guts splatter. Bozo falls back unscathed. He catches 
               his breath and looks to Tuffy. She is born again, seething.


                         You're welcome.

               She hands the shotgun back to Bartender.


                         Jesus, it took all that? All those 
                         bullets? How can we possibly fight 
                         off the others?


                         Aim for their orifices. Eyes, ears 
                         and mouth. From what I've seen, it's 
                         their only weakness.


                              
                         Looks like they're soft on the inside 
                         like any other animal. Trick is to 
                         get in there and do the damage.


                         Maybe we don't have to fight them.


                         Right, let's just call 'em names.

               Coach steps forward, poised to make the sale.


                         Ladies and gentlemen, if I may have 
                         your attention.

               The bar skeptically eyes the large, sweaty Greek man.


                         We have to think outside the box 
                         here. We don't need to fight them, 
                         we need to scare them. Scare them 
                         right back. This is a species stand-
                         off. We just need to show them we're 
                         not vulnerable. That we're formidable.


                         How?


                         I need a stick.

               Bartender opens the cooler's lid and carefully pulls out 
               Junior Beast with salad tongs. It falls to the floor with a 
               SPLAT. Coach grabs a splintered broomstick.


                         Stand back.

               He buries the broomstick into Junior's side and carries the 
               limp carcass towards a covered hole in the wall.


                         Let's get that board down.

               Roadie pries off a board to reveal a pumpkin sized hole. 


                         What are you doing?

               Coach shoves Junior's mangled body through to the outside.


                         Showing superiority. The scent of 
                         their dead may drive them away.

               The whole bar moves to the side wall to see how the Beast 
               family will react. They look through SMALL HOLES, barely 
               able to see anything.


                         I don't see them.


                         Come on. Come onnnnnn.


                         Is there a call, or something?


                         See that you monkey fucks! That's 
                         what you get when you mess with us! 
                         Woman or man, I don't give a fuck! 
                         Shit don't make me gay because you'll 
                         be sucking my dick!

               Bozo's insult hangs in the air.


                         Sweet...



               WHOOSH! Junior is swiped from the handmade pike.



               Coach jerks back. The startled group tries to focus, but 
               it's too dark outside. With the moon as the only light, Father 
               Beast can barely be made out cradling his dead child.

               Silhouettes of the other family members slowly approach 
               Junior. Papa Beast is gentle and it's almost endearing.


                         It's working. I think it's working.


                         You see? What I tell you?

               The whole group starts to ease. Then... Papa Beast HOLLERS.



               Papa Beast lets out a HORRID WAIL. The group jumps back, 
               covering their ears. Then, something really odd happens.  
               Momma tosses Junior in the air, opens her wide jaws and 




               Adulterer's eyes widen.


                         Good christ! They're cannibals!


                         Oh dear...



               Papa Beast moves behind Momma Beast and grabs hold of her.



               A steady "thud-thud-thud" rhythm vibrates the bar. Grandpa's 
               drink starts to hop to edge of his table with the beats. The 
               group maneuvers to get a better look.


                         Oh... my... god.


                         What are they doing now?



               Yes, Momma Beast and Papa Beast are having MONSTER SEX.




                         Dude, they're humpin'!



               Unlike humans, Papa Beast finishes and the birth cycle lasts 
               all of thirty seconds. Momma Beast's belly balloons up and 
               she squats. POP! A SLIMY OBJECT the size and shape of a vacuum 
               cleaner drops from her.



               Trampy VOMITS.



               The slimy object SPLITS in half. The two halves spring 
               appendages and raise their heads. The TWIN SISTER BEASTS 
               have been born.

               Papa moves forward and cleans off his new baby girls. The 
               Beast Girls look at the bar and hiss in unison.



               Heroine's eyes bulge.


                         Get back!

               SLAM-SLAM! The two hissing Beast Girls strike the bar front.

               Roadie shoves that board back over the hole. Beer Guy is 
               holding back the still heaving Trampy's hair.


                         Any more ideas, Animal Planet?


                         I-I-I was just being proactive...


                              
                         Hey, you weren't helpin'!


                         Go douche.


                         What the hell now?


                         We're stuck in here. That's what.

               Bozo pops open a beer off the back of Para's wheelchair.

               Roadie nods to Grandpapa Beast's head on the end of the bar.


                         Hey, Miss?

               Heroine turns.


                         If you don't mind me asking, how did 
                         you run into these things?


                         More importantly, how did you run 
                         away from these things?


                         Well, it all started about forty 
                         hours ago...





               The orange sun melts into the horizon.



               Hero and his overweight friend TUBBS (35, hard living career 
               farm hand) laugh at a TV show while Heroine paces on the 
               telephone in the background.


                              
                         So, how is staying with Grandma 
                         working out? Ya know, if you stare 
                         into her glasses, you can see what 
                         cards she is holding. But I didn't 
                         tell you that.



               There's a home on the horizon with a big barn next to it.

               Shrieking and flapping grows in the distance.



               Heroine starts to peek out of the window.


                         Mommy will pick you up tomorrow night, 
                         okay baby?

               The phone cuts out.


                         Hello? Charlie?

               Heroine and Hero look at each other with concern. Hero looks 
               out the window.


                         Holy mother of...



               Heroine has the group mesmerized.


                         We barricaded ourselves in the cellar. 
                         Then it was just listening. We heard 
                         those things destroy an entire heard 
                         of livestock. They just kept coming. 
                         Closer and closer, consuming anything 
                         in the way. Slashing, feeding and 
                         licking the bones clean. Just when 
                         we said our prayers, the first ray 
                         of sun hit the house...



               PLOP! A HORSE'S HEAD falls as Heroine and her companions 
               peek out from the damaged cellar door.




                         That first beam of sunlight drove 
                         'em away. Somewhere. We called who 
                         we could and then decided to run for 
                         it. We didn't see a soul the whole 
                         drive out. When the tank went dry, 
                         we came upon a gas station to refill.



               The sun is falling into the horizon. The traveler's CAMARO 
               pulls into a small gas station



               Heroine goes up to the service window with Tubbs and looks 
               inside. Nobody. There is a slight BUZZING from inside.

               Hero hollers from the fuel pump by the car.


                         What's goin' on? The pumps are off.


                         There's nobody here --

               She follows the buzzing sound to a corner of the room. There 
               is a swarm of black flies crawling over half a STATION 
               ATTENDANT'S gutted torso.


                         They've been here!


                         Turn on the pump!

               Glass shatters as Heroine reaches inside to turn on the pumps.




                         We had no time. All we knew was the 
                         sun was dropping and we had to get 
                         enough fuel to make it through the 
                         night at 90 miles per hour...



               Hero fills their Camaro.


                         Suck it down you metal bitch. Suck 
                         it down.



               Heroine and Tubbs hastily grabs food and drinks, ignoring 
               the cash register completely. The sun is setting.



               Hero turns as a shrill HISSING comes from the shadows...




                         It happened fast...



               Heroine and Tubbs emerge from the gas station shop.


                         Move it!

               Heroine and Tubbs hear the growing cries of the Beasts.

               Their loot hits the pavement as they run.


                         Get in the car, baby.

               Hero drops the spilling gas nozzle. Tubbs slides into the 
               back as Heroine jumps into the driver's seat.

               Hero runs over the top of the Camaro and slides into the 
               sunroof. He grabs a rifle and aims toward the leaking gas 
               pool. Something rises in the gas station.




                         That's when I saw three others... 
                         just for a second.



               Three lean, muscular shapes rise from the shadows.


                         Roll!

               Heroine fires up the car and tears out. Hero shoots and the 
               station becomes a FIREBALL.




                         Close the roof!

               Hero lowers into the back seat and starts to close the roof 
               as STRIPPED COUSIN BEAST lands on top of the car...


                         Shit!

               Stripped Cousin Beast PUNCHES through the back window, 
               reaching for them. Heroine jerks the wheel.

               The car 180's and the Beast sails off of the car into 
               darkness. The Camaro tears down a tangent dirt road.


                         We made it!

               Hero reaches back to give a "five" to Tubbs. Tubbs doesn't 
               respond. Heroine is the first to see Tubbs' quivering, 
               HEADLESS body in the back seat.



               Heroine stands near Grandpa Beast's head.


                         It must have smelled the blood or 
                         something. We buried the body and 
                         got back on the main road when...



               BOOM! Grandpa Beast LANDS on the front hood of the Camaro.

               Heroine and Hero SCREAM and rev the engine, swerving madly 
               as Grandpa Beast VOMITS on the windshield.


                         Break!

               Heroine slams on the breaks. Grandpa Beast slides back, 
               holding onto the grill.


                         Go! Go! Go!

               Grandpa Beast tears into the engine through the grill as 
               sparks and smoke shoot out. Heroine jerks the steering wheel.


                         Look out!




                         And that's how I ended up here.


                         And the head?



               The car crashes into a ditch, DECAPITATING Grandpa Beast.

               His head FIRES through the windshield, landing on Heroine's 
               lap. Its snake-like tongue lashes out at Heroine's crotch.




                         I don't want to talk about that.


                         So, your husband ditched you?


                         No. It was wild out there. No time 
                         to think. We just moved. He didn't 
                         leave me. He just ran.


                         Well, justice is funny.

               Para wheels over to a COUNTY MAP on the side wall.


                         The three from the gas pump are over 
                         at the TV station? And you say there's 
                         four here, huh?


                         It appears so.


                         There's five here now, actually.


                         Yeah, thanks for that.


                              
                         Hey, you lived on a farm, right?


                         Yeah.


                         Do you think they're gone? I haven't 
                         heard anything for a while, maybe 
                         they're gone.


                         Well, maybe they migrate?


                         As long as it's dark, they're around. 
                         They hide, wait for you to drop your 
                         guard, and then attack.


                         How can you be so sure? You said 
                         yourself this started a day ago.


                         We learned fast.


                         We? We learned fast? You are all 
                         that is left of we. No offense 
                         Pocohantas, but I think someone else 
                         should play "Chief" tonight. Someone 
                         that knows the lay of the land.
                              
                         Like me.


                         Fine.

               Para stares intently at the map. Adulterer moves over to the 
               window that has shutters over it, peeking through a hole.


                         Maybe these things are like locusts 
                         or something and only come out for a 
                         few days to feed. This could just be 
                         a part of their life cycle.


                         Somebody's gotta know something about 
                         these things. This stuff just doesn't 
                         happen out of the blue.

               The room is silent. Bozo looks around, quickly moving towards 
               Grandpa and Grandma.


                         You!


                         Wha?


                         You gotta know somethin', you're 
                         old.


                         I don't know a thing.


                         Old people know stuff like this. 
                         Legends, tall tales, shit like that.


                         No!


                         Spill it!


                         I don't know anything!


                              
                         How 'bout you? Or do I have to get 
                         rough?


                         Heavens no!


                         Come on! Think back!


                         If I throw a stick, will you go away?


                         That's just horse shit.


                         Relax, they don't know anything.


                         Yeah... allegedly.

               Bozo saunters off.


                              
                         Hey, where was your farm?


                              
                         East. Why?


                         Did you ever slaughter? Slaughter 
                         livestock?


                         Previous owners did, I think.


                         What are you talking about?


                         Slaughterhouse run-off used to be 
                         drained into piping that ran through 
                         the mountains.

               Para points along the map as he explains.


                         Earthquakes often cracked the piping 
                         and those flow lines were condemned, 
                         but never drained.


                         Cheese n' rice...


                         I still don't get it.


                         What I am saying is... there's a 
                         distinct possibility that what we 
                         are up against is the result of steady 
                         stream of blood and tissue that has 
                         been leaking into the caves. And a 
                         day ago... something broke out.

               The group is silent.


                         The first order of business is gettin' 
                         a big fuckin' tampon in that cave!


                         Nope, that wouldn't do it.

               FROM ADULTERER'S P.O.V. - He peeks out the hole and sees 
               nothing but the dark night. Bartender eyes him.


                         I wouldn't do that.


                         They're probably on to the next buffet 
                         by now. There's a retirement home up 
                         the road, they'd be easy pickings.


                              
                         Careful.


                         I'm telling you, I don't see a thing --

               BOINK! Papa Beast's claw POKES into his eye. Adulterer JERKS 
               away holding his blood squirting eye socket.



               P.O.V. - The eye sees its owner stumble back and fall to 
               the floor holding his face.



               Coach and Trampy move to help Adulterer.



               The eyeball fires into Papa's drooling mega-mouth. SLURP!



               BASH! A Beast arm BURSTS through the side wall and SNAGS 
               Coach's pants and boxers. He screams and lunges forward. He 
               is BOTTOMLESS.


                         Everyone stay in the middle of the 
                         room! Off the walls! NOW!

               Everyone obeys her command to get in the middle of the room.

               Belle hands Coach a little menu to cover himself with.


                         Now, does everyone agree that they 
                         are still out there?

               The group nods.


                              
                         'Eh, Chief?


                         ...Duh.

               Trampy holds Adulterer's wounded head.


                         He's out cold.


                         I know some first aid if we have a 
                         kit. Do we?


                         In the kitchen, under the sink.


                         No one goes anywhere alone. Least of 
                         all, unarmed.


                              
                         There's some sweats in my bag behind 
                         the bar.


                         Thanks.

               Coach heads to the bar. Roadie moves to the map near Para.


                         You're a clever man.
                              
                         Why do you take shit from him?


                         Yeah, he's an ass, but he's my 
                         brother. Que sera-sera.


                         Your brother, huh?


                         Yep.


                         Same parents?


                         Look man, I read books. He reads 
                         bumper stickers.

               Roadie nods. Heroine jerks a bottle of booze from Beer Guy 
               and tosses it out.


                         Alright, we need to stay alert and 
                         for everyone to take a role.
                              
                         You gotta have some guns or weapons 
                         around here.

               Boss Man, pale and morphine pumped, sits at a table with his 
               foot raised.


                         I got my .38 here. That's six shots 
                         and two refills. Downstairs, I have 
                         locker with a sawed-off and some 
                         gardening tools. Maybe a few boxes 
                         of shells.


                         I got shells, too. Box and a half 
                         tops. Machete behind the bar.


                         Okay, well that's something.


                         So we've got guns, kitchen knives, 
                         pipes, fire and sticks.

               Beer Guy scans the stocked bar wall.


                         I might be able to do something with 
                         the bottles.


                         You're gonna need a whole lot more 
                         than that to get outta here alive.

               The crowd turns to face Grandpa and his wife.


                         Oh, now you have something to say?

               Grandpa holds on to Grandma's hand as he speaks.


                         You young'uns worry about weapons, 
                         I'm thinkin' 'bout strategy.


                         Oh? And what's that?


                         Sit still, look less like a meal.


                         That's for bears and sharks, chunky 
                         chew.

               The group looks back to Heroine.


                         Alright, what else do we have? Can 
                         we somehow contact the outside world?

               Trampy pensively stays on her fractured phone.


                         I can't get anybody. I don't even 
                         know if I have a signal anymore.


                         I have a CB in my truck, we could 
                         get some help out here.


                         Who the hell would you call?


                         Anyone.


                         Do you drive a short beer bus or 
                         something? You go out there, you get 
                         eaten. You stay in here, you get 
                         eaten. Anyone comes to help, they 
                         get eaten. Don't you see a pattern 
                         here, Spuds Makenzie?


                         Then I guess we should just give up.


                              
                         Believe me, I'd love to save the day 
                         and get some heroic snatch, but it's 
                         not in the cards, partner.


                              
                         You said you had a short wave radio.


                         Where?


                         Upstairs.


                         Go for it. It's by the far wall. 
                         Channel 9 is the emergency frequency.


                         Good. I'm heading to the basement 
                         for supplies.
                              
                         And you're going upstairs.

               Bozo blinks. A little taken aback.


                         Let's not get carried away...


                         Step up, Chief.


                         So that's how it is?
                              
                         Fine! Shotgun, please.

               Bartender hands him The Judge.


                              
                         You're coming with, portly. 'Cause 
                         if I'm attacked, I want a fat man 
                         close by.


                         I'll wait by the door.


                         Now who else is comin'?

               No one budges.


                              
                         I'll go with ya.


                         What are you gonna do? Throw your 
                         teeth at 'em? Sit down, Cocoon.

               Bartender moves to the back of the bar, grabbing his machete.

               At the same moment, Coach emerges from behind the bar in 
               very snug, feminine-looking pink sweat pants.


                         You! Zorba! You're coming too!
                              
                         Now gimme the keys.

               Heroine tosses the keys to Bartender.


                         No. You're locked in.


                         What?


                         Those two will be on the other side 
                         waiting for you. If you become food, 
                         I don't want the only set of keys in 
                         the belly of one of those things.


                         Don't get your hopes up.

               Bozo moves to the staircase. There's blood at the bottom and 
               it gets worse with each step. Bartender and Coach follow.

               Heroine turns to the bar.


                         Any volunteers to head into the 
                         basement with me?


                         I will.

               Tuffy stands, sniffling. She wipes the tears from her eyes, 
               looking tough and resolute.


                         That's not a good idea.


                         With what happened upstairs --


                         Shut up! Shut your mouth. You have 
                         no idea what is running through me 
                         right now. No idea.
                              
                         I'm ready.


                         Alright.


                         Count me in.


                         Me too.

               Heroine, Tuffy, Roadie, and Beer Guy all move to the basement. 
               The door creaks open slowly. The group descends.



               Bozo slightly slips on the blood. He grips the railing and 
               pulls himself up the staircase like an old man.


                         Alright you two, I don't want to 
                         hear any of this, "oh, I dropped the 
                         key, wrong key, ain't no key here." 
                         When I want out, I want out, ok?


                              
                         They're right here.


                         We've got your back, bro.

               They unlock the door, swinging it open.


                         Just keep 'em handy, ladies.

               Bartender has the key in the thick dead bolt, ready to move.



               Bozo hustles in. The door shuts and locks.


                         Wish me luck...

               WHAM! Bozo is on the ground.




                         I'm okay! I'm okay!



               Bozo rises and nervously surveys the damaged floor.


                         Come on. Come on. Come on.

               Bozo jumps when he sees the gore and the bloody shoes from 
               Cody's attack. The TV illuminates the room.


                         Geeezzzus.
                              
                         Okay, now. Easy steps. Easy breaths. 
                         Easy steps.



               Belle kneels next to the Boss Man.


                         How are you holding up?


                         Well...

               He pulls a bottle out of his pocket and hands it to her.


                         What is this?


                         Morphine. My magic potion. I need a 
                         few drops.

               She puts a few drops on his out-stretched tongue.


                         You should try a little, it'll calm 
                         your nerves. Works like a charm.


                         No other time than now, right?


                         Wait, before you do that, help me 
                         move. There's a small room off the 
                         kitchen where I can lay down.


                         But --


                         It's much safer in there. Trust me.



               The basement is dark, dingy and scattered with crap. Dried 
               out ANIMAL CARCASSES hang from the ceiling on hooks. A WINDOW 
               is open. Roadie slams it shut, eyeing the room, staring into 
               the dark corners.


                         Stay on your toes everybody.

               Tuffy tightly grips her weapon, ready to fire. Heroine kneels 
               next to a hatch door that emits a red glow.


                         What's this?

               Roadie jams a pipe into the little door, bracing it shut.


                         You don't need to know what that is.

               Beer Guy finds the dusty locker and opens it.


                         There's a sawed-off shotgun in here.



               Bartender and Coach have their ears pressed to the door.


                         Come on, bro.

               Behind them, through a boarded window, something CRAWLS 
               upward.



               Bozo moves turtle slow.


                         Lamaze. Lamaze. Lamaze.

               He moves to the Boss Man's private room. He puts his hand 
               out to open it. Trembling, he touches the knob and...

               CREEEEEEEEAK! The door eases open. Bozo steps inside the 
               room. He moves over to a lamp and pulls the chain. A bat 
               FLIES off the lamp shade SCREECHING. Bozo falls backwards.






               Bartender and Coach jump back.



               Bozo gets off the floor again. He may have filled his pants.


                         Just a bat! I'm okay! Just a bat!




                         If he doesn't shut up...


                         He is human kabob.



               The room is like a converted pantry. Boss Man lies on a cot, 
               kissing Belle. A tiny wall fan spins providing ventilation.

               Belle pulls away and brushes back her long hair.


                         Doesn't your foot hurt?


                         I can't feel a thing, Hon.


                              
                         How 'bout now?


                         You're a bad girl, aren't you.

               Belle, a bit high, sways and starts to remove her clothes.


                         Um-hmmm.


                         The girl's got rhythm.

               She takes off her blouse and tosses it at him. She then lifts 
               up her skirt and bends over, giggling.


                         There it is.



               Roadie emerges with two crates. He dumps them on the floor.


                         This is all junk.

               Beer Guy holds a rusted machete.


                         This could come in handy.


                         Let's get everything upstairs.

               Heroine moves to the stairs, but stops. She grabs Tuffy by 
               the arm and takes her aside.


                         I'm sorry.


                         Don't worry, I'm fine. Really.


                         I admire your strength.


                         Trust me, I plan on having a full 
                         breakdown when this is over, but for 
                         now, we all have to be strong, right?

               Heroine reaches into her shirt and pulls out an IDENTICAL 
               LOCKET as Tuffy's. She opens it and displays a picture of a 



                         This is my daughter, Charlie. She's 
                         all I'm after.


                              
                         Oh...


                         And I'm gonna need your strength, 
                         every bit of it.


                         You have it.


                         Good. But still do me a favor.


                         Name it.


                              
                         Don't tell anyone I have a soft side.


                              
                         Deal.



               Bozo turns and points the gun around the room. He sees the 
               CB. It is like an intercom with a cable running outside. He 
               drops the shotgun and fidgets with the CB knobs.


                         Hello? Anyone there? We need help 
                         out here at the United Nations Tavern. 
                         Send guns, tanks, and all that shit. 


               All he gets is static. A faint GROWL is heard outside. OUTSIDE 
               THE DOOR Bartender hears the growl, his eyes grow wide.



               Belle rubs her hands over her rounded ass and flicks her 
               tongue at Boss Man.


                         You wanna see, baby?


                         Hell yeah.


                         How much you got?


                         How much I got, what?


                         How much you got to see the show?


                         You don't understand, sweety. Daddy 
                         doesn't pay. Daddy sees the show for 
                         free. But you do get points for being 
                         horny on a night like this.

               She cringes and backs up a little.


                         What?


                         You can't expect a man to buy a car 
                         without a test drive first, can you?


                         Um, hmm --


                         Now wiggle that sweet little ass 
                         over here and sit on Daddy's face, I 
                         wanna do some appraising.



               Bozo barks into the CB.


                         Repeat. We need help. SOS. Calling 
                         all cars! Calling all cars! We need 
                         help at the United Nations Tav --

               The CB is JERKED from Bozo's hands and slams into the wall.


                         Shit!

               Bozo aims the gun at the wall. Chewing sounds begin.


                         Double shit!

               He backs up to the door.




                         Okay, I'm ready to come out now!

               Bartender confidently turns the key. CLICK! It breaks off in 
               the lock.


                         Oh!




                         "OH!?" WHAT IS "OH?" What does "oh" 
                         mean?

               Bozo knocks on the door hard.






               Bartender looks to Coach.


                         Wha?






               A thunderous CRASH! Boards fly off the wall.



               Belle, hearing the crash, jerks back from Boss Man.


                         What was that?

               CRASH! Sister Beast #1 and Sister Beast #2 punch through the 
               tiny wall fan and GRAB Belle by the scalp. She is JERKED 
               against the wall.

               She's slammed against it repeatedly and then -- RIP! Belle's 
               skin is TORN from her head and torso. Boss Man jumps back.


                         Hoh-SHIT! Help!! Help me!!!

               Belle falls into Boss Man's arms for a HIDEOUS KISS.




               Boss Man shoves the bloody Belle back against the wall.

               Sister Beast #1 pokes her head inside the room, hissing. 



               Heroine and the others, just returning from the basement, 
               hear the mayhem from upstairs and the kitchen.



               Coach fumbles desperately with the jammed lock, trying to 
               use his fingernails to turn the metal stump.


                         Great god, why do you damn me?!



               Bozo bangs on the door and looks over his shoulder at the 
               Momma and Papa Beast chomping at the wall.






               The group is mesmerized.


                         Oh please, no.



               Boss Man uses the cot to block the Sister Beasts from 
               entering. They hiss and shred the cot fabric.


                         They're getting in! Somebody help!



               Bozo kicks and punches the door.






               Heroine charges up the staircase. Roadie rips the sawed-off 
               weapon from Beer Guy and runs for the kitchen.




                         The key broke off!


                              
                         Move it!

               Heroine rips the earring from Bartender's ear. He YELPS. She 
               jams the backing into the lock.



               Boss Man crawls for the door. Sister Beast #1 fires out a 
               whip-like tongue and snags Boss Man's damaged foot. He howls 
               in pain. Sister Beast #2 tongue-lasso's his other foot.



               Heroine's picking fingers are bleeding from her effort.






               Boss Man is pulled towards the Sister Beasts.




               Roadie kicks open the door and FIRES at the Sisters. They 
               dive back out of the room screeching.






               Right behind Bozo, the boards fly off the portal window.

               Papa Beast flies at Bozo. Bozo spins and aimlessly FIRES his 
               shotgun, hitting Papa Beast directly in the groin.

               The door flies open. Bozo is YANKED to safety just as Papa 
               STRIKES the closing door.



               The patrons track the wild CRASHING and HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEKING 
               sounds of Papa Beast. He finally breaks out of the upstairs. 
               Beer Guy and Roadie carry Boss Man into the room as Coach, 
               Bartender, Heroine and the shaken Bozo creep down the stairs.  
               Bozo slowly takes a seat in his brother's lap.


                         I thought that was it for a second 
                         there.


                         What happened?


                         I got Papa in the stones.
                              
                         He's neutered.


                         Whoa... good one...


                         That back room is sealed shut.

               Heroine glares at Boss Man.


                         I told you to stay in the main room.


                         Yeah... I will. I will. Promise.

               Coach eyes the group, this is his time to shine.


                              
                         If they can't reproduce anymore -- 
                         we are one step closer! A big step! 
                         Now is the time to band together. We 
                         need to rise up against these monsters 
                         of the night! Those creatures are no 
                         match for the human spirit! We can 
                         do it! We just need to believe in 
                         each other! In all of us! We need to 
                         make a stand! Right here! Right now!

               Long silence. Bozo stares.


                         Dude, are you gay?

               Coach sits down, humbled.


                         We know what not to do. We must stay 
                         focused and together. The beasts 
                         will find a breach. We gotta find a 
                         way out before they find a way in.


                         Let's run for the cars, cause mass 
                         confusion.


                         The lot's too damn far, that's 
                         surefire suicide.

               The room is silent. Bartender motions to Boss Man, but he is 
               promptly shushed by Boss Man. Heroine notices.


                              
                         What?


                         What?


                         You know what.


                         I don't know shit.


                              
                         You. What was that door downstairs?


                         Wait, wait, wait.

               Heroine glares at Roadie.


                         Don't bullshit me.


                         It's a tunnel.

               Roadie nods, causing Boss Man to sigh.


                         It runs about a hundred yards and 
                         spits out on the backside of that 
                         hill down the way.


                         What's it for?

               They clam up.


                         What's it for!?


                         Grass, man. I grow pot down there.


                         Does the tunnel spit out near a car?


                         It spits out behind the parking lot.


                         My truck is near, but it ain't nearly 
                         big enough to haul the whole lot.


                         It's a shot. Is it gassed up?


                         Fully.


                         Four door?


                         Two.


                         How many can it hold?


                         Six.


                         Max?


                         Seven.


                         It's gonna fit thirteen.


                         Thirteen clowns wouldn't fit.


                              
                         Keys.


                         What're you planning?


                         Three of us go. Two to defend, one 
                         to drive. We back up to the bar and 
                         then tear ass out of here.


                         Sounds sketchy.


                         Let me make this clear; if we stay, 
                         we die.

               Boss Man reluctantly pulls out some keys that are on a string 
               around his neck.


                         Give 'em to me, I'm going.


                         You're trusting that con? He'll ditch 
                         us and never look back.


                         Fuck you too.


                         Get in line!


                         Hey! I'm not trusting him either, 
                         that's why I'm going with.

               Coach stands forward.


                         "Courage is being scared to death, 
                         but saddling up anyway."
                              
                         The Duke. I will go.


                         This is it. They have this place 
                         surrounded, but if we go under them 
                         we might just make it.


                         This is a bottleneck waiting to 
                         happen.

               SMACK! Bozo SLAPS Coach's ass.


                         This one's great under pressure. I 
                         wish you luck.


                         The rest of you prepare the weapons, 
                         whatever you got left. 'Cause when 
                         we crash through those walls, we're 
                         bringin' death with us.

               Heroine takes The Judge from Bartender and hands it to Coach.


                         No, I don't believe in guns.


                         This ain't time for a political 
                         stance.

               Coach takes the rusty machete from Beer Guy.


                         This doesn't run out of ammo.


                         Got ya.

               Heroine, Roadie, and Coach move to the basement.


                         Hey!

               The three look to Bozo, who offers a parting nod.


                         When you get to that truck... drive 
                         it like you stole it.



               At a booth, Trampy re-bandages Adulterer's eye.


                         How does it feel?


                         Lousy.


                         You still have one left.


                         Yes, the silver lining.


                         It serves you right for cheating.


                         Spare me.


                         I figure it's karma. You wronged me 
                         and you wronged your wife, so this 
                         is karma biting you on the ass, or 
                         in your case... in the eye.

               Bozo moves close, surveying the bandage work.


                         Oh yeah?


                         It could be worse, you could be dead. 
                         Then again, the climax is upon us.


                              
                         Ya know, that's not a bad look on 
                         you. Kinda 1985, but not bad. I'd 
                         hook it up.


                         I wouldn't fuck you for practice.


                         Tease.


                         Leave her alone.


                         Hey, cyclops. Let's have a quiet 
                         contest... starting now.

               Bozo turns his attention back to Trampy.


                         Ya know, in situations of duress, I 
                         have found that women are attracted 
                         to my authority.



               Heroine, Roadie, and Coach make their way through the 
               basement. Creeks and cracks with every step.


                              
                         You handle yourself pretty well. You 
                         a cop or a criminal?


                         Neither. Just a farmer.


                         Oh yeah? Then how do you do it?


                         I just think about my husband and 
                         daughter... and the rest is easy.

               The light casts a shadow of something BEHIND THE CURTAIN.

               Roadie moves to open the curtain with his sawed-off barrel.


                         Easy.

               WHIP! The curtain slides. It's a dried animal hide on a hook. 
               They all sigh. Roadie unblocks the tiny door.

               Heroine scans the room.


                         This place is creepy in the daytime, 
                         too. Ready?

               Coach's hand shakes as he raises his weapon.


                         Scared?


                         No. You?


                         Of course not. I fight monsters all 
                         the time.
                              
                         On three.

               Roadie, Heroine raise their weapons.


                         One... two... three!!!

               Roadie whips open the door. Nothing.

               BANG-GONG-GONG! Some pipes CRASH to the ground next to them... 
               they jump, but nothing is there. A LITTLE MOUSE emerges from 
               the fallen heap.


                         Well, look at that.

               Coach leans down and puts out his hand. He smiles as Heroine 
               watches over his shoulder.


                         Hey, little fella.


                         Let's go.

               He leaves the mouse and follows Heroine to the tunnel.

               SLURP! A pink tongue LASSOS the mouse.

               A red fluorescent glow radiates from the tunnel. They all 
               drop in, one by one, entering the steamy, confined space.


                         Looks like a brothel for plants.


                         Shhhhhhhhhhhhh.



               Tuffy stands by a far wall, looking through the planks for 
               movement. At the bar, Beer Guy makes MOLOTOV COCKTAILS.

               Bozo moves close, slaps Beer Guy's constructing hand.


                         Ah-ah-ah! You're doing that all wrong!


                         What do you know?


                         I know you're doing it wrong.


                         Prove it.

               Bozo grabs a cloth rag and moves to the alcohol bottles.


                         Move aside, princess.



               The tunnel is thin and no more than SIX FEET HIGH. Cherry 
               red fluorescent lights line the top of the tunnel and kneehigh 
               marijuana plants are along the ground soil. There are thick 
               pipes above the plants that work as a makeshift watering 
               system. There is about six inches of water on the floor.


                              
                         You and I are similar. We both have 
                         accents. We both travel a lot. We 
                         both don't really have homes...


                         You should be quiet.


                         I am sorry, I ramble when I'm nervous.


                         Quiet.

               Coach bites his lip, dying to say something.


                         It's just that this seems like the 
                         opportune time for someone to be 
                         horribly... offed.


                         What did I say?


                         Sorry. I'm done now.



               Bozo stuffs the cloth rag into one of the bottles.


                         You don't want the rag touching booze, 
                         that way you can hold it and ensure 
                         it explodes when you throw it.


                         You sure? I thought the rag had to 
                         touch?


                         I'm sure.

               Bozo finishes the Molotov cocktail and grabs a beer.


                         Perfecto. What we should do, though, 
                         is put those peanut barrels to use. 
                         Fill 'em with booze and line up some 
                         planks. If the walls come down... we 
                         hit 'em Donkey Kong style.

               Para and Beer Guy eye the three large peanut barrels, perfect 
               for bomb-making.


                         Genius.


                         You aren't nearly as dumb as you 
                         look, are you?


                         Next time, look within. Stereotyping 
                         can be ugly and hurtful.

               Bozo looks to Trampy, putting an arm around her shoulder.


                         Excuse me for being forward, but I'm 
                         curious about your dimensions.



               Roadie leads the way and glares at the opposite end. The 
               tunnel slightly curves, so he can't see the whole way down.


                         Hold up. You hear something?

               A SCRATCHING sound is heard from above.


                         They're trying to burrow through the 
                         tunnel walls.


                         Move.

               The scratching sound increases, now heard from the far end 
               of the tunnel as well.


                         Like moles these things.

               Then, Sister Beast #1 drops into the tunnel from the far 
               end.

               She charges. At the last second, Roadie spots her.


                         Duck!

               Roadie and Coach duck into the water, but Heroine is unable 
               to avoid a thrust that knocks her back ten yards. Sister 
               Beast #1 lands and turns, surveying her prey. Roadie aims 
               his water-dripping gun, but Heroine rises and blocks his 
               shot.


                         Stay down!

               From her knees, Heroine fires. BLAM-BLAM-BLAM! The three 
               shots push Sister Beast #1 backwards. Heroine rises, covered 
               in muddy water and bleeding from a cut across the face.


                         Go! The bitch is mine!

               Roadie and Coach reluctantly turn, leaving Heroine to fend 
               with the Beast.

               Heroine charges. Hissing, Sister Beast #1 charges as well.

               Heroine pumps and fires. BOOM! Sister Beast spins, avoiding 
               the shot. Now too close, Heroine jams the Beast in the mouth 
               with the gun, knocking her back.

               Sister Beast #1 responds with a swipe and chomp on the arm.

               Heroine bats her away. Sister Beast #1 moves to the others.


                         Look out!

               Roadie and Coach sprint until Sister Beast #2 BURSTS through 
               the tunnel walls, stopping Roadie and Coach in their tracks.

               Roadie fires his weapon, but it sparks and fizzles.


                         The shells are wet!

               With the two Beasts closing in. The men are trapped. Coach 
               looks around, seeing a plan.


                         Grab onto ceiling and get out of 
                         water!


                         What?


                         Do it!!!

               Grabbing onto the piping along the ceiling, Roadie pulls 
               himself from the water. Coach uses the machete to cut a power 
               cord from above. He grabs the exposed, sparking end.


                              
                         Get out of water!!!

               Heroine sees what he's doing, sprints back the way they came.

               As the two Beasts charge, Coach pulls himself out of the 
               water by holding onto the above piping. He's forced to wait 
               for Heroine to get out of the water.

               The second she does, he jams the cord into the water.

               ZAP! The conductive water sizzles. Sister Beast #1 and Sister 
               Beast #2 lock up and crash. ELECTROCUTION. Sparks and smoke 
               rises from their cooked bodies.

               Roadie and Coach look to each other, victorious. They begin 
               shimmying along the piping to the end of the tunnel.



               Heroine looks back at the two men. She turns and reenters 
               the basement.

               GAH! Teen Beast drops in front of her, whacking her to the 
               floor. Heroine slides across the floor, but jumps up quickly. 
               Teen Beast cautiously moves in for the kill.

               Heroine raises her weapon.


                         You fuck with my family. 
                              
                         I fuck right back!

               Click -- out of ammo!


                         Oh shit.

               Heroine THROWS the shotgun at him and pulls out the MACHETE.

               She rolls left and swings. Teen Beast loses two fingers.

               She swings again but gets whacked to the floor.

               Heroine rolls with the hit, grabs her shotgun, and dives 
               into the KEG ELEVATOR.

               She slams closed the door as Teen Beast regains its composure 
               and lunges. BAM! It CRASHES against the door.



               Roadie and Coach crawl to the platform by the exit.


                         They will write stories of your 
                         bravery.


                         If there's anybody left.

               The two men climb up the ladder leading to the ground above.

               At the top, Roadie pushes off the plywood covering. The two 
               men peer into the night and spot the TRUCK.



               Heroine wedges the door closed. The Beast continues to try 
               to get in. Heroine bangs the top of the small elevator... 


                         Send it up! Send it up!



               Tuffy backs up and hears the screams from the keg elevator.


                         Hey! Hey! She's in the shaft!

               Beer Guy hits the button. The gears grind and start to pull 
               the elevator up to the main floor.



               Heroine squirms as the elevator rises.


                         Move it! Move it! Move it!

               As Teen Beast starts to tear at the base of the rising keg 
               elevator in the shaft, Heroine pounds and tears at the few 
               planks above her in the keg elevator.



               Beer Guy hits the button.


                         Come on!


                         Ol' Crazy Horse has seen it.


                         Shut up!



               The elevator SHAKES. Heroine POUNDS a hole through the 
               elevator top. She tries to squeeze through the SMALL HOLE.

               Teen Beast BITES through the floor board of the keg elevator.

               CLANGGG! The elevator stops. Heroine lurches and grabs the 
               greasy cables to stop her fall.


                         Goddamn it!




                         It stopped. It fuckin' stopped!



               Heroine screams as the elevator shakes. Teen Beast is 
               struggling to climb right under her.




                         Do something!








               Tuffy moves for the keg door. Adulterer grabs The Judge from 
               Bartender.


                         Stop!


                         What the fuck are you doing?!


                         They can't get in here! We agreed!  
                         They'll get us!


                         She can make it!


                         I will not die because of her!


                         Don't be stupid, drop the gun!



               Heroine HACKS at one of the two greasy cables. Teen Beast is 
               in the elevator car and RISING.







                         They'll get in! We'll all die!



               Heroine almost has the primary cable cut. Teen Beast rises 
               up to bite.

               SNAP!! The cable BREAKS. Heroine SOARS up the shaft. Teen 
               Beast is pulled down to the bottom. The keg elevator door 
               bursts open on impact.

               Heroine SLAMS into the ceiling, kicking and yelling.



               Tuffy KNOCKS Adulterer's shotgun up, takes the gun, and rips 
               open the keg door. Heroine swings out.

               P.O.V. - Teen Beast is right behind her with mouth open and 
               ready to feed. Tuffy points her shotgun.

               BLAM! Teen lurches back, dropping back down the shaft.

               Tuffy slams the keg door shut. Heroine pants on the floor.

               Adulterer is down, winded.


                         Welcome back.


                         F-f-fuck you.


                         What the hell happened?


                         You okay?


                         I think they made it.

               She turns to Adulterer, rigid.


                         Stop trying to get people killed. It 
                         is getting very old.

               Adulterer nods, ashamed. Heroine looks around the bar. She 
               notices the peanut barrels on top of the bar. Two wooden 
               planks serve as track, leading straight for the side wall.


                         What's this?


                         Ingenuity, baby. Ingenuity.


                              
                         I need some shells.


                         I have two left.

               Bartender expels a shell from The Judge and hands it over.


                         Make it count.

               Heroine cringes, eyeing the lined up Molotov cocktails.


                         Let's prepare ourselves, they ought 
                         to be here with the truck any minute.


                         Bullshit.

               Boss Man sips a bottle, still hopped-up on morphine. He lazily 
               loads his pistol from a pool of bullets on his belly.


                         If you ask me, I'm gonna just lay 
                         right here, wait for sunrise, then 
                         walk on out of here.


                         That's your choice, but this is going 
                         to get a whole lot worse before it 
                         gets any better.

               Boss Man shrugs, content with himself.


                         If all of you run for it, they won't 
                         care about lil ol' me. They like the 
                         food that moves...

               CRASH! Teen Beast's arm ERUPTS through the Boss Man's belly.

               His pistol and bullets scatter across the floor.




               SNAPPP!!! His head and legs SLAP together as the arm pulls 
               him through a small hole in the floor.

               The group jumps back. Blood rockets out. His body is pureed 
               down the tiny hole.


                         Get on the tables!!! On the tables!!!

               Everyone struggles to get on the tables.

               CRASH! Teen Beast's arm reaches up and GRABS Para's 
               wheelchair, violently shaking it. Para FALLS to the floor.

               Teen Beast's arm grabs Para's leg...





                         Bonsai!

               Bozo jumps from a table and STOMPS on Teen Beast's arm. He 
               picks up Para and TOSSES him onto a table.


                         Hot potato!!!

               Bozo leaps back onto a table. POP! The power cuts out. The 
               room goes black.


                         We're gonna die!


                         What the hell?!


                         Settle down!


                         Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!

               And with that, the shouting and pounding stops. The group 
               nervously shuffles around the tables.

               There's silence.

               Dead silence.

               Then, far is the distance, beyond the walls, a sound is heard. 
               It's screaming. And it's approaching. Rapidly. The survivors 
               maneuver to peek out the front walls.


                         What's that?

               Tuffy sees what is coming.


                         They didn't make it.



               Being held by Papa and Momma Beast, Roadie and Coach are 
               both rushed towards the wall like human battering rams.




               THUD! The first strike causes the men to HOWL.



               The survivors shake in sickened silence. From beyond the 
               walls, they can hear high-pitched SCREAMS.

               THUD! THUD! THUD! With every strike, a splattering of blood 
               spits through the planks of wood.


                         That wall's coming down!


                         Commence Plan B!

               The entire group goes into motion.


                         What's Plan B?


                         Just watch the floor and keep the 
                         others safe!

               THUD! THUD! THUD! With a final furious strike, a few wood 
               planks splinter. Papa Beast sticks in his head and hisses.


                         Bomb's away!!!

               From the bar, Beer Guy, Tuffy, and Adulterer release the 
               first peanut barrel. It's ablaze and sails straight for Papa 
               Beast. BLAM! It explodes, bursting open the wall and knocking 
               back Papa Beast. The wooden walls go up in flame.

               Para, on a side table, reaches out and grabs Boss Man's .38 
               from the floor.

               The second peanut barrel is released. It sails outside the 
               breach, but it doesn't explode. Nevertheless, the Beasts 
               stay far away.

               Teen Beast madly rips floor boards away, moving towards Para's 
               table. Teen Beast bursts through the floor, knocking Para to 
               the floor.

               Para crawls to his fallen wheelchair. Teen Beast spots him, 
               moves in to feed.

               Para points his seat back at the scattered .38 bullets and 
               flips the armrest switch. SNAP! The bullets jump to the power 
               magnet. Para yanks one free, loads the pistol and turns just 
               as Teen Beast strikes...

               POP! The shot hits Teen Beast in the eye, sending him back 
               down the hole in the floor.

               Heroine and Bartender move in. When Teen Beast sticks his 
               head out of the hole again, they thrust both their shotguns 
               into each ear.


                         Now!

               BLAM-BLAM! The two shots scatter head everywhere.

               The flames in the bar spread, catching the entire wall and 
               roof on fire.



               The second barrel comes to a stop a good distance from the 
               bar. Suddenly, the top is knocked off. Trampy sticks her 
               head out.

               Seeing no trouble, she emerges, dizzy as hell, and races for 
               the nearby BEER TRUCK.



               Papa and Momma Beast both charge the bar. The third peanut 
               barrel is released. It sails for them, but they dive out of 
               the way.

               KABLOOM! It takes out the rest of the wall. Fire and smoke 
               fills the place.

               Adulterer douses Momma Beast with booze as Beer Guy nails 
               her with a lit Molotov cocktail.

               WHOOSH! Engulfed in flame, she bolts from the bar shrieking.


                         One down, one to go!!!

               Papa enters and is instantly cornered. He swings wildly.


                              
                         Help me!

               Heroine and Bartender rip the DEER HEAD from the wall and 
               charge Papa, pinning him against the wall with the antlers.


                         Come on!

               Bozo and Beer Guy dive into Papa's legs, holding them down.

               Tuffy picks up The Judge.

               WHAM! The shotgun butt knocks out Papa's front teeth. Tuffy 
               raises the weapon again, staring down at the monster that 
               killed her child, but Papa Beast gets an arm free to knock 
               away her fatal blow.

               Bartender wrenches Papa Beast's arm with all his might. With 
               her hair stuck in Papa Beast's claw, Tuffy is pulled face to 
               face with the beast. She squirms as he chomps at her, but 
               with no front teeth, he can't do immediate damage.


                         I can't hold him!!!


                         Do something!!!

               Tuffy reaches back and shoves her fist into Papa Beast's 
               mouth, jamming it down his throat. He instantly gags, sucking 
               for air.

               Papa Beast struggles to get free, but the others hold tight.

               Papa Beast's body begins to quiver from a lack of oxygen.

               His eyes widen, face to face with Tuffy.




               With one last lunge, Papa Beast shakes, his life drifting 
               away. His eyes turn black as his body goes limp. Tuffy pulls 
               out her arm from his throat.


                         God...


                         I need to get your number.

               Tuffy shakes her wet arm dry. As the group pulls away, Papa 
               Beast is still pinned to the wall with the deer antlers dug 
               into the wood.

               Heroine turns to Grandma and Grandpa, offering a hand.


                         Come on, I'll help you.


                         No thank you, we're content.


                         I'm not leaving anyone behind.


                         Maybe next time, dear.

               Heroine swallows and nods. HONK-HONK-HONK! Just outside the 
               breached wall, the beer truck pulls up.



               The beer truck screeches to a halt. Trampy's at the wheel, 
               waving the group over. With the bar burning, a thick layer 
               of SMOKE blankets the entire area.

               The people amass at the opening, but Heroine stops them from 
               advancing. The group stares the dark night. Silent.


                         She's still out here.

               Heroine eyes the truck, seeing something she likes.


                         Stay put.

               She creeps out alone.


                         Where are you... come on...

               Nothing. Just smoke. And silence.


                         Come on! Come on!

               From the smoke, a smoldering Momma Beast charges like a bull.

               At the truck, Heroine opens the back doors and dives in, 
               leaving the doors open. Momma Beast gives chase, entering 
               the back.



               Heroine is deep into the truck as Momma Beast enters. She 
               advances, hissing.


                         Come and get me you blood-chugging 


               Momma howls and charges. Heroine slides out the side keg 
               door, locking it behind her. Before Momma can see the trap, 
               Beer Guy slam closed the rear doors.



               Beer Guy latches it. Trampy comes around the truck.


                         You got her? You got her!


                         Not for long, we gotta burn it.

               Heroine looks to the others at the breach.


                         Come on! Let's blow this thing!

               The others move into action. Beer Guy takes off his shirt 
               and shoves it into the fuel tank. Adulterer and Bozo, with 
               Para riding piggyback, help. They use the Molotov cocktails 
               to make a fuel trail leading away from the truck.


                         When this lights, run like hell.

               About fifteen yards away from the truck. Bozo throws his 
               silver-plated American Eagle lighter to Heroine.


                              
                         Here we go...

               Then, a noise: EOCH-OCK-OCK! EOCK-OCK-OCK! EOCK-OCK-OCK!

               A deafening pattern of sound erupts from within the truck.

               It's Momma Beast. Again and again.


                         What is that?


                         She's calling for help.

               Heroine drops the lighter onto the fuel. It races for the 
               truck. When feet away, COUSIN BEAST lands, stomping out the 
               fire with his foot.


                         The fan has officially been buried 
                         in the shit.

               Instantly, another beast, AUNT BEAST, lands on the top of 
               the truck. These Beasts are like the others, but stripped. 
               The group gasps. Trampy backs away.


                         We have to run --

               BURST! Trampy's rib cage is ripped from her body. The culprit, 
               UNCLE BEAST, stands behind her. Her organs drop like a box 
               of vegetables. Cousin Beast lets out a high-pitched roar. 
               From atop the truck, the rear doors are ripped open. Momma 
               Beast emerges.


                         Get to your cars!!!

               The Beasts spring into action, chasing the group.

               Bozo, with Para on his back, sprints for his car. Aunt Beast 
               RIPS Para from Bozo's back.


                         Motherfucker! Give him back!

               Bozo runs for his Trans-Am. Para falls to the ground, still 
               alive. Bozo turns back and sees him.


                         Oh Jesus!




               Bozo grabs his brother and puts him on his back again, runs.


                         I thought we lost you --

               Para is RIPPED into the air again.


                         You FUCKER!

               Tuffy and Bartender jump into his PICKUP TRUCK.


                              
                         Get in!

               Heroine hops in the back.

               Beer Guy and Adulterer run to a car together. Beer Guy lags 
               behind, continually looking over his shoulder.


                         Run and quit looking back!

               As Beer Guy looks forward, Aunt Beast and Uncle Beast hit 
               him HIGH-AND-LOW, cutting him in half. Bozo makes it to his 
               Trans-Am.




               VAHVVVOOOMMMM! The car roars to life. He pushes in a tape.

               The "MIAMI VICE" theme song blares from the speakers.


                         Get me FUCK BIRDS!

               Bozo peels out. Aunt Beast lands right in his path.


                         No you don't!

               BAM! He SMACKS Aunt Beast head on, sending the creature's 
               disemboweled body sailing through the air.




               Para DROPS from the sky, still ALIVE and panting. Cars are 
               moving everywhere.


                         Oh Jesussss...



               The burning JUKEBOX plays a slow love song. Dancing and 
               holding each other, Grandpa smooches Grandma on the forehead.


                         We had a good run.



               Para crawls along the ground, being ignored by the Beasts.




               Bozo turns on his windshield wipers to clear off the blood 
               and guts. He spots Para.


                         Hang on!

               Para claws the ground.


                         Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!

               Bartender jerks the wheel of his car.


                         Oh shit!

               Para sees Bartender's approaching truck.




               Para rolls right, just missing tires. Para yells for his 
               brother.




               Bozo's eyes bulge.


                         Brother!!!

               BAM! Para is SMEARED by Adulterer's car.


                         Shit!

               Bozo floors it.


                              
                         I meant to tell you so much!

               The remaining cars maneuver to hit the open road.



               Grandpa and Grandma hold each other tight. Uncle Beast enters, 
               moving to their table. It moves in for the kill.

               Grandpa kisses his wife gently.


                         Close your eyes, hon.

               The Beast OPENS its massive jaws and... CRASH! Bozo's car 
               DRIVES through the bar, SMEARING the Beast.






               Bozo guns the engine, crashing out the other end of the bar.



               Bozo's car veers, flipping over a pile of rubble.


                         Motherfucker!!!

               Bozo squirms in his flipped car, UPSIDE-DOWN.

               He hears a Beast approaching. He pulls out a BUTTERFLY KNIFE 
               from the open glove box and SAWS at his safety belt.

               Cousin Beast leans into the passenger side of the car and 
               looks him right in the eye. Bozo raises the knife.


                         Lord, if I die, bury me upside down 
                         so the world can KISS MY ASS!

               Cousin Beast leaps in.



               The remaining TWO CARS race down the road.



               With the peddle to the floor, Bartender drives.


                         I think we're in the clear --

               BAM! Momma Beast lands on the roof. She reaches inside and 
               yanks out Bartender's throat. The car veers.

               Tuffy rights it, leaning over and stomping on the gas. Momma 
               yanks at the door, pulling it open. Tuffy pushes out 
               Bartender's corpse and JERKS the wheel.



               Momma Beast falls back, knocking down Heroine. Momma Beast 
               nearly falls out, but manages to grab the rear gate with one 
               claw. Defenseless, Heroine backs away. Momma Beast holds on 
               tightly, pulling herself onto the bed of the truck.

               Tuffy stares back through the glass, unable to do anything.

               Momma Beast lunges towards Heroine. Momma Beast's claw snags 
               Heroine's locket, jerking Heroine right up to the creature's 
               face. The locket catches Momma's attention for split second.

               Her remaining eye goes from the picture of Charlie to Heroine.

               Momma's mouth opens wide. Heroine screams!

               And then, a beam of the RISING SUN catches the gold locket 
               and burns into Momma's eye. In one quick motion, she's gone, 
               taking the locket with her.

               Heroine lets out her breath, reaching around her neck for 
               what is no longer there. The truck SKIDS to a halt. Tuffy 
               jumps out.


                         Are you okay?!


                         I don't know, I think --


                         Hey!

               They both jump as Adulterer approaches.


                         Are you two all right? They left! We 
                         made it! I think we made it!


                         They'll be back.


                         We're safe until dark, but we need 
                         to find other people.

               Heroine rises and moves to the cab of the truck. She finds a 
               pack of cigs under the visor. Pops in the lighter.


                         You know where the IGA grocery store 
                         is over in Red Mountain?


                         Um, yeah, ten miles west.


                         They have a bomb shelter.

               PING! The lighter springs out, hot. Heroine lights up and 
               passes one to Tuffy.


                         We'll meet in three hours?


                         I don't wanna go home alone... I 
                         don't wanna see what might have...


                         Don't worry about that. Just go.

               Moment of silence as Adulterer and Tuffy look down the 
               desolate road.


                         I'm sorry about your son. I really 
                         am.

               Tuffy nods, affectionately touching his hand.


                         Where are you two going?


                         We're going to get my little girl.


                         I wish you luck.

               The car peels off. Adulterer watches the car tear down the 
               road. He glances up at the RISING SUN.



               A sign reading "RED MOUNTAIN" swings lazily in the breeze.

               Tuffy and Heroine coast down a town road. There are random 
               POOLS OF RED BLOOD in the dirt. No one in sight.



               Adulterer drives along a small town road. There's no sign of 
               life here either.



               The car pulls up to the house. The only sound is the wind.



               Heroine and Tuffy look at each other and proceed with caution.



               He pulls up in front of his house. The front door is swinging 
               open, BANGING against the door frame.



               Heroine enters the ransacked house. Tuffy follows.



               He enters his house. It too, is a mess.



               They look down the stairs to the basement. Nothing. They 
               move up the stairs to the second floor.



               SMACK! They spin to the noise.



               He moves up the stairs to the master bedroom. SMACK!

               There's a noise at the end of the hall. SMACK!



               They cautiously move to the last room in the hall. A 
               scratched, closed door without an outside handle.


                         Oh no...

               Heroine kicks in the door and...

               There's a note on a teddy beer that says, "WE WENT TO THE 



                         They're alive!

               The shudders SMACK against the wall.



               Adulterer holds a shattered PICTURE of his wife and two kids.

               He sighs and puts it down.


                         I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...



               The sun shines bright in the cloudless sky. There is a stiff 
               wind that stirs up the dust. Bartender's car slowly lurches 
               up the street.



               Heroine and Tuffy skeptically look at the surroundings.  


                         It's right up there, in the back of 
                         the store.



               The car pulls up in the back of the store and stops. They 
               get out, looking around. Tuffy holds a machete. Adulterer 
               kneels against his car.


                         Where is everyone?


                         I don't know, I just got here. Did 
                         you find your girl?


                         She's supposed to already be here.


                         Your family?

               Adulterer shakes his head, acknowledging their death.


                         I'm sorry.

               Adulterer sheepishly nods.


                         This place is a ghost town.

               The group makes their way to the store front, peeking beyond 
               the glass doors.


                              
                         Look!

               In the distance, in middle of a dusty parking lot, CHARLIE 
               stands staring at them.


                         Charlie?

               Heroine runs to her and the others follow. Charlie fidgets 
               awkwardly. She cries and blood stains her dress.


                         Charlie!

               As Heroine nears, Adulterer GRABS her arm.


                         Stop! There's something wrong!


                         Honey!?

               The group eyes Charlie, noticing Heroine's locket around her 
               ankle, leading to a slightly ajar manhole cover. Suddenly, 
               the sunlight starts to FADE. They look up the sun.


                         Oh god.

               The MOON moves in front of it -- a SOLAR ECLIPSE. Beast 
               HISSING and FLUTTERING is heard. Heroine looks from left to 
               right, panic stricken.


                         Mommy!

               The sunlight is fading. The manhole cover shakes, something 
               is holding Charlie in place. Heroine lurches forward, but 
               Adulterer holds her at bay.


                         It's a trap!

               At a standstill, the group looks around for options. In the 
               distance, the darkness of the eclipse rolls towards them.

               Adulterer reacts, grabbing Tuffy's machete and lunging for 
               Charlie. The strike cuts the chain at her ankle. The manhole 
               cover POPS off and a Beast claw sinks into Adulterer.

               The darkness covers the manhole. Momma Beast rises, hoisting 
               Adulterer's blood dripping body from the ground.


                              
                         Run!!!

               Heroine scoops up her child, moving away from Momma Beast.

               Tuffy grabs them both, leading them back towards the store 
               front. As Adulterer's blood flows, Momma Beast drags him 
               towards her main prey. 

               A blanket of darkness leads Momma Beast, overtaking the 
               survivors. At the store front, Heroine pulls Charlie close. 


                              
                         I love you...





               A string of ten WHITE VANS come to a halt in the dusty parking 
               lot. THE MAN IN TAN  steps 
               from the lead van and surveys the ravaged small town.

               A swarm of men emerge from the other vehicles, all dressed 
               alike in work boots, gas masks and coveralls. They go into 
               action honing in on rubble with SENSORS and COUNTERS.


                         What's the damage radius?

               TECH  eyes a laptop.


                         Twenty miles. Red Mountain, 
                         surrounding farms, local TV studio.


                         How many picked up the broadcast?


                         We'll have figures within the hour.

               The Man in Tan closes his eyes in thought.


                         Sir, what's the spin?


                         Tornado cluster.


                         This is the California high desert.


                         Get what you need to sell it.


                         Sir, we have movement!

               The Man in Tan moves to a few men standing over a pool of 
               blood and guts. Using the sensor equipment, the COMPANY MAN 
               follows the blood trail that enters the grocery store.



               The place is torn to hell. Dust and soot hangs in the air.

               The men instinctively raise their high-powered rifles, letting 
               the flashlights on the ends lead the way. They follow the 
               trail of blood to a back FREEZER LOCKER.

               It's scratched, bashed and thrashed.


                         Open it.

               Company Man #2 steps forward and uses a metal-cutting chainsaw 
               to cut through the hinges. The door falls with a THUD.

               As the dust clears, Tuffy, Heroine and Charlie stare back at 
               the men, huddled together in a defensive stance.

               The Man in Tan creaks his neck.


                         Gentlemen, help them to safety.

               Heroine, holding Charlie, lurches back.


                         You're not safe, she's still alive, 
                         she'll be back...


                         Relax. We know. We're the calvary.

               The Man in Tan steps forward, guiding the group out.



               A bulky security truck pulls up. A DRIVER, holding a bloody 
               rag to his nose, gets out and moves to the back door.


                         What happened to you?

               The Driver nods to the back of the truck, opening the door.

               Bozo lurches out, handcuffed and chained.


                         Get these cuffs off me! I'm a goddamn 
                         hero for Christ's sake!

               A shirtless, irate BOZO sits next to Grandpa and Grandma in 
               the back. He settles at the sight of the others.


                         G'morning.


                         Thanks for waitin' for me back there, 
                         really fuckin' appreciate it!

               Heroine covers her daughter's ears as the survivors are helped 
               into the truck. Tuffy sits, looking to Bozo.


                         How'd you survive?


                         I found a new weak spot on 'em, but 
                         it damn ain't pretty getting to it.

               Heroine, last in the truck, turns to the men.


                         Where are you taking us?


                         A trauma center. We have doctors 
                         waiting.
                              
                         You're in good hands now.

               The door shuts on Heroine's concerned face. The Man in Tan 
               locks eyes with the Driver.


                         Do it quick and spread the mess.

               The Driver nods back. Sinister implication understood.

               The Man in Tan lights a cigarette as he watches the truck 
               drive off. The truck's logo reads, "FARM-AID." He inhales.

               Freeze on him.







               The Man in Tan exhales a gust of smoke.





