                                                   GO
                                                  written by
                                                 John August













This script is copyright © 1998 John August



             A light rain and crickets CHIRPING. Somewhere in the night,
             DANCE MUSIC is blaring, but here it's only a whisper with a
             beat.

             Water trickles out of a jagged pipe. Splashing up mud, the
             riverlet weaves through hamburger wrappers and sunbleached
             beer cans, spent condoms and an old Spin magazine.

             The tiny stream ripples past glass and trash and the body of a
             woman. Face up, breathing. Dead grass caught in her braids.
             Her name is RONNA MARTIN. She's eighteen and bleeding.

             Bleeding a lot.

             She tries to         push herself up, but the dirt around her crumbles.
             Her legs are         useless. Despite it all, there's a smile of
             perverse joy         to her face, like she's just remembered the
             punchline to         a favorite joke.


                               You know what I like best about Christmas?
                               The surprises.






             Pitch black. We hear an ENGINE and ROAD NOISE.


                               It's like, you get this box, and you're
                               sure you know what's in it.

             SPARKS. A cigarette lighter flares.

             We're in the trunk of a car with SIMON BAINES , a skinny
             Brit with surfer hair. He looks around, realizes where he is.
             Panicked, he starts POUNDING and KICKING.


                               You shake it, you weigh it, and you're
                               totally convinced you have it pegged. No
                               doubt in your mind.

             The lighter goes out. It's black again.






This script is copyright © 1998 John August


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






    We keep tight on CLAIRE MONTGOMERY  as she talks to an
    unseen guest. Christmas lights blink behind her.

                          CLAIRE 
               But then you open it up, and it's
               something completely different. Bing!
               Wow! Bang! Surprise! I mean, it's like
               you and me here.

    She takes a sip of coffee, smiles. She has a bewitching smile.


               I'm not saying this is anything it's not.
               But c'mon. This time yesterday, who'dda
               thunk it?





                                 Part One:

    Christmas MUZAK plays. A baby CRIES.






    A cash drawer slides shut.

    On the far side of the checkout stand, a STRINGY HAIRED WOMAN
    counts food stamps. Her eyes are sunken, black. She's got a
    screaming BABY on her arm and two rambunctious BOYS in the
    cart. They're wearing pajamas and raincoats.

    It's five a.m. and the store is almost empty.

    Containers of frozen orange juice spin endlessly on the
    conveyor belt. Ronna Martin -- the girl in the ditch -- is
    bagging groceries.


               Paper or plastic?

    She wears a green apron with a red "Yule Save More" button.





                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                 Paper or plastic?

    She's been working for fourteen hours, and it shows. Her
    intonation doesn't change at all.


                 Paper or plastic?


                 Both.

    Finally satisfied she has all her stamps, the Woman starts
    looking through the receipt. In the cart, the boys knock gum
    from the stand.


                 You didn't double my coupons.


                 They're at the bottom. In red. Where it
                 says, double coupons.

    She finishes one bag and starts another. The Woman is watching
    her carefully.


                 You can't do that. You can't put bleach
                 in the same bag as food. It's poison.

    Ronna fishes out the bleach and makes a big show of wrapping it
    in a plastic bag.


                 Don't think you're something you're not.
                 I used to have your job.

    Ronna puts the bag in the cart. Looks her dead in the eye.


                 Look how far it got you.




    Ronna pulls off her apron as she heads for the back. In the
    BACKGROUND, the Stringy Haired Woman is bitching to an
    overweight STORE MANAGER.


                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 









     Dark and dusty, packed floor to ceiling with crates and
     palettes. Offscreen, a SOAP OPERA plays on TV.

     Ronna comes around the corner, a thundercloud of anger and
     frustration. She passes by CLAIRE  and the British SIMON
      at the phone, sorting through a crumpled list.

     Simon's eyes track Ronna as she passes.


                   
               Don't.


               Why not?


               She's been on for fourteen hours.

     At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated,
     she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials.

     Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. Claire gives up on him,
     setting to work opening a box of expired cookies.


               Ronna?


               No.

     She trades her apron for her coat.


               I haven't asked you yet.


               Answer's still no.

     She slams her locker. She crosses to the time clock.


               Are you menstrual? Pre-menstrual, post-
               menstrual?







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  One of the three.
                      
                  Okay, Simon. In case you haven't heard
                  the buzz, the scoop, the word on the
                  street, I'm getting evicted. Tomorrow.
                  So pardon me if I'm not in a holly-jolly
                  mood right now.

     Claire looks over, looks away. Ronna heads for the door
     leading outside.


                  Ronna, they wouldn't evict you at
                  Christmas. You'd be ho-ho-homeless.

     He follows her out the door.




     Ronna forges ahead, ignoring him.


                  Is that why all the overtime? How much do
                  you owe?


                  Three eighty.


                  That's nothing.


                  More than I got.


                  I'll give you twenty right now for a
                  blowjob.

     She stops, turns on him. Her look could freeze lava.


                  Handjob?

     A beat. The start of a smile. Simon's just pushing her
     buttons.


                  Ronna, do you want my shift?


                  Serious?                                                         *




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  I haven't punched in yet.                                          *
     She only half-believes him. Simon's not prone to benevolence.


                  Look, my best mates are going to Las Vegas                         *
                  this weekend. I've never been -- I'm told
                  it's incredible. If you took my shift, I
                  could go with them. Everybody wins.
                      
                  Cash up front.

     He peels off three twenties from his clip. She looks at the
     money, thinking. Finally, she takes it.


                  Deal.

     Beyond exhausted, she starts walking back to the store. After
     a beat...


                  Ronna? Are you certain I couldn't have a
                  blowjob?

     Without turning back, she flips him off.










                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 










     An UNSUSPECTING WOMAN takes a container of orange juice from                     *
     the refrigerator case. Suddenly,



     reaches out through the case, grabbing it away. The woman                        *
     gasps.


                  Available cashier to the front.                                     *
                  Customers waiting.                                                  *



     MANNIE  pulls his arm back through with the orange juice.                    *
     He's on break with Ronna and Claire.                                             *

                  Repeat, cashier to the front.                                       *
     All eyes look up to the voice of God.


                  One of us has to go.


                  Dead celebrities?                                                   *

                  Loser goes up. Steve McQueen.                                       *
     She rips open a case of Snapple, taking one.                                     *



     Mannie is checking out a small printed rave invite.

     In a flash of inspiration...


                  Michael Landon.


                  Lucille Ball.




                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



    We MOVE CLOCKWISE with a rapid, snooze-you-lose pace.


                 Burt Lancaster.
                     
                 Can you drive?





                 If you don't mind The Beast.


                 I love The Beast.


                 Lane Staley.
                     
                 Alice in Chains.


                 He's not dead yet.


                 It's true.


                     
                 Lewis Carroll. Alice in Wonderland.

    Claire takes the invite from Mannie.


                 Carole Lombard.


                 Lee Marvin.





                 Don't say Molly Ringwald.


                 Martha Raye.


                 Nice. Robert Mitchum.


                 Shit! M. M. MMMMMMMMalcolm X.




                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



    Claire just stands there confused, mouthing "X...X..." Mannie
    scoops a fingerful of whipped cream from a tub.


              You can't say Malcolm X.


              He's famous, he's dead.


              That's like a rule or something. Nothing
              starts with X.

    He puts the tub back on the shelf.


              That's not my problem.


                  
              You can challenge.


              Okay, I challenge. Give me one dead
              celebrity that starts with X.


              This is bullshit. I am not working the                                *
              fucking register.

    She's winning no sympathy. Mannie starts to audibly CLICK the
    countdown. Ronna shoots him a withering look.


              X...X...There is one. I know I thought of
              one before.

    A jug of milk suddenly shifts to the side, revealing the
    bulbous face of the Manager, looking through from the store
    side.


              Break was over four minutes ago. Who's up
              front?

    Claire looks at Mannie. Mannie looks at Ronna. Resigned to
    martyrdom...


              I am.


                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     Ronna rips off a receipt, handing it to a CLUTCHY OLD WOMAN.
     Starts scanning someone else's groceries. Mannie is digging
     out returns from under Ronna's checkstand. He suddenly looks
     up.


                 Xerxes.


                 What?


                 Xerxes. Some dead pharaoh guy. Starts
                 with X.


                 That wasn't it. I never heard of fucking
                 "Xerxes."


                 Pharaoh coulda saved your ass.

     Mannie pushes his cart down to the next checkstand.


                 There's an opera about him.

     Ronna looks up at the customer, a handsome college guy .
     He's cute in that fresh-scrubbed, Midwestern way.


                 Xerxes. I took music appreciation twice.



     Whatever.

     Adam's friend ZACK is with him in line, YABBERING on a cellular
     phone. Ronna hits total. $25.12. Adam hands her a credit
     card. She swipes it through the machine and starts bagging
     their groceries.


                 Does a British guy still work here?


                 He went to Vegas for the weekend.







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     A glance between Adam and Zack, hard to read why. Zack nods
     for Adam to go ahead.


                  Betcha wonder why we're buying all this
                  orange juice.


                  Scurvy?

     She's not going to rise to the bait. Zack looks over at Adam,
     then to Ronna.


                  Say...
                       
                  Ronna. You don't know where we could get
                  something to go with this orange juice, do
                  you?


                  Doughnuts, aisle four.


                  But then you get the weird taste in your
                  mouth. I was thinking something a little
                  more euphoric. The British guy usually
                  hooks us up.

     She stops bagging. Looks at Adam. At Zack.


                  How much?


                  Twenty at twenty.


                  You're overpaying.


                  We're desperate. A bunch of us are going
                  to this party tonight, this warehouse
                  thing...

     He pulls out a postcard-sized invite. Bright colors, slick
     printing...


                  Mary Xmas Supafest.


                  You're going?




                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               And we had planned this kinda pre-party.
               Only there's 20 of us, it's like all or
               nothing.

     Switterman walks down the end of the aisle, headed for the
     manager's desk.


                   
               A friend was supposed to get the stuff in
               Chicago, but now he's snowed in. So if
               you could help us out here...

     All three watch Switterman pass. It gives Ronna a beat to
     think. She hands Zack a post-it note and a pen.







                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               Gimme a number. Let me see what I can do.


               Kick ass.

     Adam smiles. It's a nice smile. Even Ronna notices.


               So do you want the o.j. or not?


               Absolutely.




     The Beast is Mannie's pride and joy,    a late-70's Toyota held
     together with duct tape and prayer.     It's outfitted for the
     season with Christmas lights lining    the windshield and back
     window. Santa has replaced Jesus on     the dashboard.

     Ronna climbs in the passenger door, counting a stack of 20's
     fresh from the ATM. Claire's in back.


               You know that Simon's in Vegas.


               I don't need Simon. I'm going to Todd.


               Todd GAINES?


               Who's Todd Gaines?


               Simon's dealer.

     Claire sits forward in the seat, suddenly worried.


               You can't do that, can you? I mean, go
               around Simon.

     She looks at Mannie. He shrugs, unsure.


               Ok, listen up. If Simon were here --
               which he's not -- he would charge fifteen,
               when I know he gets it for ten.





                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 

                             RONNA 
                  Times twenty hits, that's a hundred bucks
                  I'd be pissing out my dick.


                  But it's like an evolutionary leap.
                  You're moving up the drug food chain.
                  Without permission.







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               Ronna, you shouldn't do this.

     Ronna pockets the cash. Mannie's about to say something when
     she stops him.


               Both of you chill the fuck out. It's just
               once. When Simon gets back, we can still
               overpay for quarters if it makes you feel
               all warm and happy. But this is my deal,
               so just sit back and watch.

     Mannie and Claire remain unconvinced. Ronna reaches for the
     keys, CRANKING the ignition even though Mannie's driving. The
     ENGINE purrs.

                         RONNA 
               Besides, Todd likes me. This won't be any
               problem.

     A BUZZER sounds.




     Ronna stands by the intercom of a two-story walkup in
     Hollywood. Waiting, she looks back to the street, where The
     Beast sits idle at the curb.


               Speak!


               Todd! It's Ronna Martin. You know me
               through Simon.

     A long pause.


               Yeah?


               Can I come up?

     Another long pause. Ronna looks back at The Beast,
     embarrassed. Finally the door BUZZES and a latch CLICKS open.
     Stairs lead up.

     She motions back "five minutes" to The Beast.


                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     Three out of four lights are burned out in the hallway.

     A few feet ahead of Ronna, a door stands partly ajar. A weird
     red-and-green light spills out through the crack, along with
     an Alice in Chains SONG.




     Ronna pushes the door open from the hallway.


               Todd?

     Shades drawn, the room is completely insulated from reality.
     The light bulbs have been markered over, casting eerie pools of
     red and green light. Broken CD's dangle off a tiny Christmas
     tree by the stereo. Slacker seasonalism.


               Don't let the cat out.

     Ronna closes the door behind her.

     TODD GAINES emerges from the darkened bedroom, tying the
     string on a pair of sweat pants. That's all he's wearing.


               I didn't wake you up, did I?


               Nah.

     He settles into an overstuffed couch and lights a Marlboro.
     Adjusts himself in the crotch. Motions for her to take a
     chair. She's more nervous than she wants to let on.


               I thought you were still buying quarters
               off Simon. Least what Simon pretends are
               quarters.


               I keep him honest.


               At that level you're supposed to pinch.
               It's the economics of it.






                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 





     A WOMAN with a ballerina's body comes out of the bedroom. She
     tucks an unrealistically large breast down into her tight top.


                  You leaving?

     She leans over the back of the sofa for quick, tonguey kiss.
     In a sneak attack, she shoves a Santa's hat down to his ears.
     He bats the white pom out of his eyes.


                  Be good.

     The woman is out the door without a word. Gaines looks back
     over at Ronna, not the least bit self-conscious about the hat.


                  I take it this is not a social call.


                  I need a favor.


                  A favor? Wow. I didn't know we were such
                  good friends, Ronna. Because if we were,
                  you would know I give head before I give
                  favors. I don't even give my best friends
                  head, so the chance of your getting a
                  favor right now are pretty fucking slim.
                      
                  You might try just telling me what you
                  want to buy.


                  Twenty hits of ecstacy.

     He takes a deep drag on the cigarette, looking at her. Blows
     the smoke out. He picks up a remote control. Aims it at the
     stereo.



     The volume meter, climbing fast.
     Out of the green, into the red.
     The MUSIC is deafening.



     On top of Ronna, face in her ear. His hand wraps around her
     head, holding her tight. We can't HEAR what he's saying.
     Ronna's eyes betray her fear.




                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     He backs off. She looks confused.

     He nods. Do it.

     The MUSIC still BLARING, she stands and slowly unbuttons her
     shirt. Takes it off -- very self-consciously. Pulls her t-
     shirt off over her head. Just her bra underneath. He motions
     for her to turn around. She does, then back.

     Her hands are shaking. She holds them together.

     Gaines aims the remote at the stereo. The MUSIC retreats.


               You come here out of the blue asking for
               twenty hits. Just so happens twenty is
               the magic number where intent to sell
               becomes trafficking.


               Todd, I would never fuck you like that.


               How would you fuck me? Would you strap it
               on?

     He climbs over the sofa to a dresser. In a drawer, he digs
     down through a pile of socks to find a wide-mouthed bottle.
     And an empty Tylenol bottle. Blows out the dust.


               What's the occasion?


               There's this big Christmas party thing.
               Warehouse, you know. A bunch of us are
               doing sort of a pre-party thing.


               Friends of yours. You're not going to go
               and try to sell this on me, are you?


               No.


               You're not dealing.


               Swear to God.

     He transfers pills from the big bottle to the Tylenol bottle.





                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               This is the real thing. Pharmaceutical
               grade, not that crunchy herbal rave shit.
               Don't let anyone double dose or you'll be
               frying eggs off `em in the emergency room.
               One hit per headbanger.


               Understood.

     He snaps the cap on tight.


               Twenty at fifteen is 300.


               Fifteen? I was thinking more like ten.


               You already did strap it on.


               It's just that I know you charge Simon
               ten.


               Inflation's a bitch.

     He offers it to Ronna, who doesn't reach out for it.


               Here's the deal. There's 20 of us. I
               need all of this. But I only have two
               hundred. I mean, that's all I have.

     Gaines undoes the cap of the Tylenol bottle, starts pouring the
     pills back out.


               No, hear me out. This two-hundred is like
               a downpayment. You give me the stuff, I
               get the extra hundred from them, then I
               come right back and pay you.


               See, that would be doing you a favor, and
               you know how I feel about favors.


               I could leave something with you.
               Collateral.

     He gives her a quick look over.




                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               I already got a fucking Swatch. I need
               something I know you'll come back for.

     Ronna looks at the Tylenol bottle in his hands. Thinking...




     Ronna kneels down beside the passenger window. Knocks on the
     glass. Claire rolls down the window. MUSIC spills out.


               Claire, could you come up with me for a
               sec?




     The release BUZZER stops as Ronna pulls open the door to the
     stairs. Claire just stands there, disbelieving, making no
     motion to go in.


               Forty-five minutes. Hour, tops. You just
               have to sit there.


               Hello! He's a drug dealer.


               Jesus, Claire. Don't get 818 on me here.
               How much shit have I done for you? This
               is nothing.


               No. No! You're making me an accessory.


               Claire. That bracelet of mine you're wearing
               is an accessory. You are just some chick
               who's sitting in an apartment. That's it.

     It's not just the matter at hand, but years of minor adjustment
     and one-upsmanship. Ronna finally drops the bravado.


               Okay, no bullshit. I need this. I don't
               get this money, I get evicted. My ass is
               out the street.


               You could...




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                      
                  No, Claire. I don't have anyone else to
                  go to. I am coming to you and I am asking
                  for your help. Please. Help me.

     A beat.


                  Forty-five minutes. That's like eight
                  o'clock.


                  We'll be back by eight, I promise.

     Ronna holds the door as Claire reluctantly steps inside.




     The clock on the dashboard reads 8:04.

                             RONNA 
                  Is this it? Are you sure?

     ENGINE running, The Beast is parked along a residential street
     in Venice. In the driver's seat, Mannie looks for an address.


                  Six-forty-four. Jesus, next time ask for
                  directions.

     He kills the engine. Ronna does a quick face-check in the rear
     view mirror. She's out the door, moving a hundred miles an
     hour.


                  Ronna!

     She looks back in. Mannie shakes the Tylenol bottle she
     forgot. Tosses them to her.


                  You're a pro.


                  I'm a top-seeded amateur.







                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     She pockets the bottle. SLAMS the door. Mannie tracks her as
     she circles the car.


                  And I'm a very happy man.

     In his palm, two tablets. He works up a good gob of spit, then
     swallows them both. They're bitter as hell.




     A beefy guy named BURKE HALVERSON reaches out a hand.


                  Damn good to meet you, Rhonda.


                  Ronna.


                  Ronna. When I heard Philly got snowed in,
                  I thought we were fucked for sure. Glad
                  we found you.

     Her PAGER goes off, a shrill CRY. She quiets it, checks the
     number. Burke smiles.


                  Work work work. Friday must be a busy
                  night.


                  That was just a friend.

     Only now do we TURN to see Adam and Zack standing nearby,
     trying to look cool. Their house is spartan even by frat-boy
     standards, just goodwill furniture and as-is Ikea.


                  Hey. What can I get you to drink?


                  Some of that orange juice would be great.

     Burke does a hepcat swing through the kitchen door, leaving
     Ronna alone with Adam and Zack.


                  So this party tonight sounds like it's
                  gonna be huge.






                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Massive.


                  That would be a synonym for huge.


                  Just backing you up.


                  And I appreciate that.







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                 Ronna hun, we are fresh out of o.j...

     Adam looks at Zack. Ronna catches it.


                     
                 Cerveza?

     He hands her a beer.


                     
                 Oh yeah. Hey. We bought a whole bunch of
                 orange juice. It's in the car.



     watching them with a lion tamer's concentration. Burke looks
     back over at her.


                 Now, Zack tells me you got 20 at 20, is
                 that right?


                     
                 You got a bathroom?


                 Down the hall on the right.


                 Let me show you...

     He moves at Ronna strangely. It freaks her out.


                 Maybe we could do this first.

     Burke shoots Adam a look. Ronna's already headed down the
     hall. They wait silently until Ronna's out of earshot.


                 We said Chicago, you said Philadelphia.





     In black-and-white VIDEO, we're looking down on wide-angle
     view of the entire room -- a surveillance camera. We can see
     the reflection of someone watching.




                                      "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               Maybe she didn't notice.







                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               Just wait here. Keep it calm.

     Burke walks off camera, headed for the hall. Zack hangs his
     head. Adam looks up at the camera.




     CLOSE UP: Ronna locks the door.

     She leans back against the frame, panicking.
     She turns on both faucets.
     She checks the window.
     Nailed shut.

     She looks at herself in the spotless mirror.


               You're fine. You're fine.




     Burke leans up against the outside of the door, listening.




     She pulls the Tylenol bottle out of her pocket.
     She looks down at the toilet.
     Hesitating, until...

     A KNOCK on the door.





               Everything all right in there?




     Ronna's heart is in her throat.

     CU: The handle, rocking back and forth, locked.


               Fine.

     She struggles with the cap.
     Child safety.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 


     It finally POPS open.
     A few pills scatter on the carpet.
     She dumps the contents into the toilet.






     Burke hears it. Freaks out. He rifles through the keys on his
     belt.




     Ronna's on all fours, searching for spilled pills. She tosses
     them into the swirling water.




     CU: The hole in the center of the door knob. A thin allen
     wrench slips in.

     Burke forces the door open to reveal



     standing with her beer, cool as an Eskimo.


                  All yours.

     She pushes past him into the hall.




     Ronna is headed for the front door. Following behind her,
     Burke waves at Adam -- BLOCK THAT DOOR!

     Adam steps in her way.


                  Ronna, hun, do we got a deal here or not?


                      (turns,
                      backing away)
                  No. No, see we don't. That's what I came
                  here to tell you. I couldn't get
                  anything.

     She bumps back into Adam at the door.      Burke is closing in.




                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  C'mon, resourceful girl like you? I don't
                  believe it.


                  It's true.


                  I just want to make a deal here, Ronna.
                  Can we make a deal?


                  Who the fuck are you? Monty Hall?

     Zack chokes a laugh. Burke stares right through her. Ronna
     swigs her beer like a trucker.


                  Did you know I'm only 17?




                  I probably shouldn't be drinking this
                  beer, should I? Being so underage and
                  all.

     The men just stand there, watching.



     CLOSE ON Burke, dumbstruck. He nods at Adam.

     Adam steps away from the door.

     Ronna backs her way out the door, never taking her eyes off
     them. The door CLOSES.

     A BEAT. Adam and Zack await the fury. Burke looks back to the
     hallway.




     A white guy with dreadlocks comes out of a locked door. His
     name is LOOP.


                  Man, I don't know what happened, it's like
                  the machine just ate the tape.

     He cracks a videotape against the doorframe, pulling out the
     innards.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



                             MANNIE 
                  Why would they go after you?




     The car is parked on the side of another residential street.


                  I think it was Simon they were after. He
                  deals all the time out of the store. I
                  mean, he makes change out of the fucking
                  register.


                  They didn't know who was dealing, just
                  that it was someone at the store?


                  They were fishing. I bit.

     Ronna's PAGER goes off with a shrill BEEPING. She checks the
     number.


                  It's Claire. She paged me while I was in
                  there.


                  We go back to Todd. Tell him they didn't
                  show up, whatever. And then just swap the
                  pills for Claire.


                  We can't.


                  Why not?


                  They're gone. I flushed them.


                  Oh shit.


                  Think of something. I need a hundred
                  bucks or 20 hits of X.

     A long silent beat as both put on their thinking caps. Mannie
     tries to beat down a smile that curls the edges of his lips.
     He clenches his jaw, trying to keep it in.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  What?!

     She turns his chin to hold his eyes to the light. They're wild
     and dilated. And his smile resurfaces despite his best
     efforts.


                  You took one, didn't you? Fuck you,
                  Mannie! How could you do this to me? I
                  need you now.

     He sits quietly, a scolded dog.


                  Drive.


                  Where?


                  Just drive. I have an idea.




     A sign over the entrance reads "Yule Save More." Christmas
     MUSAK blares "Jingle Bell Rock" overhead.

     The automatic doors slide open to reveal Ronna and Mannie, who
     split up. We follow Ronna, who is now wearing Mannie's black
     trench coat. The store is almost empty, with STOCKMEN
     beginning to unload palettes.

     Ronna turns down an aisle marked "Soap/Shampoo/Drugs."




     Mannie scans his hand on a UPC register, watching the laser on
     his fingers, listening to it BWOOP. He smiles broadly at an
     idle REGISTER WOMAN, who doesn't even look up. He then ducks
     down behind the counter.



     spins away. He presses the "| " button, then cranks the
     volume dial all the way up.

     The opening FLOURISHES of a Latinized Christmas classic BLAST
     through the PA system.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     The Register Woman looks up.




     Two STOCKBOYS look up.




     A COUPON-WIELDING WOMAN looks up, confused, but proceeds to
     push her cart around the end of the row.

     Ronna looks both ways. She's alone.

     She starts grabbing boxes off the shelf and shoving them into
     the pockets of Mannie's coat. Cold medicine. Allergy
     medicine. Every pill she can find.



     comes ROARING by behind her, heading for the front. She tries
     to duck away, but he's too steamed to even notice her.

     Ronna does a quick check to see if she got everything.
     Hurrying down the aisle, she swipes a bottle of Evian.




     The two stockboys give a wide-eyed, Spielberg           stare...

     We MOVE to the next aisle, where the Coupon Woman is staring at
     the same thing...

     We MOVE again to Ronna at the end of her aisle. She just now
     sees it...




     ANGLE ON Mannie. He sticks his hand out.

     ANGLE ON the Register Woman. She sticks her hand out.

     Their palms meet. Their hips come together. And they dance.

     What starts as a tango, spirals into a STAR SEARCH-y routine of
     dips, spins and Arthur Murray nightmares. Torville and Dean on
     linoleum.




                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     The stockboys watch, horrified but transfixed. The Coupon
     Woman taps her shoe against the wheel of her cart.



     dancing his heart out. His face is red and dripping sweat.
     He's too out of it to notice.



     a JET ENGINE ROAR, swirling light. The MUSIC is stacked up on
     itself, overlapping and bizarre. For just a moment,
     horrifying.



     he stops mid-twirl. Holding himself against a magazine rack.
     Ronna takes him by the shoulder.



     Ronna leans into a fish-eye swirl. The ROAR grows louder,
     continuing as we






     Behind the wheel, Ronna's ripping open boxes of medication.
     Cracking open jars, she spills the tablets out on her hand.


                  Were they round or oval?


                      
                  Round. White. Like aspirin. Like baby
                  aspirin.

     She digs through the pockets of the coat, seeing what else she
     grabbed. Her BEEPER goes off. She hits it to make it stop.

     She pops an allergy pill out of its blister pack. Compares it
     to another pill, almost the same.


                      
                  A or B?








                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  You're sure?


                  I wasn't really looking.

     Making a decision, Ronna starts popping the rest of the pills
     out of the blister pack, dumping them into the Tylenol bottle.

     Her BEEPER goes off again.


                  Stop fucking paging me, Claire!

     Mannie nurses the Evian bottle.

     A PHONE rings.




     Gaines picks up the receiver, clicking the remote to mute the
     CD player. He's still shirtless and wearing the Santa Claus
     hat.


                      
                  Speak!...Just licking my dick, whazzup
                  with you?...Yeah...The Crazy Horse,
                  you'll have to look it up...I don't know
                  what I'm up to.
                      
                  Where's this party at?

     Claire is sitting in the corner, holding herself very still.

     She digs a postcard-ish invite out of her purse. He snaps his
     fingers. She hands it over.


                      
                  It's called "Mary Xmas." Mary like a
                  chick...Like her name is Mary, not like
                  you marry her. You fucking moron...I
                  dunno, some warehouse shit.
                      
                  Is this gonna be cool?


                  Yeah, I guess.







                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                      
                  My friend Claire here says it's going to
                  be a kick-ass-fucking-time...What, you
                  know her?
                      
                  It's your buddy Simon. He's in Vegas.


                  I know.


                  She knows...Hell, I dunno...
                      (looks at
                      Claire)
                  Maybe...Yeah, well save a load for me big
                  boy...Whatever.

     He hangs up. The CD player is still muted. The silence is
     vast. Gaines scratches an armpit. Checks his watch. Claire
     looks away.


                  What do you want for Christmas, Claire?


                  I don't know.


                  Do you want to get laid?


                  No.


                  No, you don't wanna get laid or no, you
                  do, but you don't want to get laid with
                  me?


                  You can't answer that. I mean, it's
                  like...


                  Either way you're fucked. Where are they,
                  Claire?


                  They'll be here.


                  They'll be here. Huh.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     He gestures like he's going to click on the CD player, but
     instead points it at her.


               Are you a virgin?


               What?


               C'mon, Claire. Answer the question.
               Answer the question, Claire.

     She doesn't say anything. Gaines laughs his ass off.


               Breakfast Club. I get it.


               Look at me. I want to show you something.

     She looks back over at him. He slowly undoes the drawstring to
     his sweat pants. Starts to reach inside. Claire watches,
     revolted and disbelieving. A beat.


               I'm kidding!

     His hand reaches between the cushions of the couch, where he
     pulls out a 9mm handgun.


               I'm not kidding. Where the fuck are they,
               Claire?

     The gun pointed at her, Claire is losing her shit. Her face
     squeezes tight, like her head's being sucked through a tiny
     hole. Just when she's about to pop...

     The BUZZER sounds.

     Saved by the bell.

     Gaines pushes the TALK button on the intercom.


               Speak!


               It's Ronna!

     Smiling, Gaines hits the DOOR button. Claire collects her
     wits.


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     Ronna looks back to Mannie.


               Don't say anything. And try not to look
               so stoned.

     He nods, wiping a finger across his forehead to squeegee off
     the sweat.




     Gaines sits pensively on the edge of the couch, then smiles
     warmly.


               That's no problem. These things happen, I
               understand that.

     Claire smiles, relieved. Mannie stands behind Ronna, his gaze
     carefully fixed on the wall.

                          GAINES 
               Let me just fill out a return slip here,
               and I'll have the manager give you a
               refund.


               Todd, I'm trying to explain what
               happened. They had already gotten stuff
               from somewhere else. It was just a case
               of miscommunication, I thought...

     Ronna's VOICE fades to nothing as we PUSH IN on Mannie.



     lays down on a table in front of him, staring at him.


               I can hear your thoughts.

     Mannie squints, looks around. He and the cat are alone in the
     room.


               Xiang Kai-Shek.
               Famous Chinese ruler guy.
               Starts with X.





                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Mannie smiles.


                  No. "C"
                  Chiang Kai-Shek.

     The cat curls itself.


                  You're going to die.

     Mannie snaps back, eyes panicked.

     It's a few minutes later. Everyone's in different places,
     different moods. Mannie hasn't moved at all.


                      
                  I'm keeping fifty. Call it interest.


                  That's fine. Todd, I'm really sorry about
                  all this.

     Ronna steers Mannie towards the door, trying to keep his back
     to Todd. But at the last moment...


                  Hey Ronna.

     A beat. Todd shakes the pill bottle.


                  I just gave you a favor.


                      
                  And here I thought you just gave me head.

     They trade a look as she exits. Gaines picks up the cat, gives
     it a scratch. Silly humans.




     Mannie lies on the roof of The Beast, arms spread wide,
     cigarette in his fingers.




     Ronna and Claire stare at each other, a competition, neither
     wanting to exhale first.




                                      "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Hands waving, Claire struggles to keep herself from laughing
     and choking. Finally she gives in, coughing up smoke and snot.
     Ronna blows out a cool ribbon of smoke.







                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     She hands over a wreath of plastic holly.


               Pin me.

     She leans down to let Claire pin the holly in a crown around
     and through her hair.


               Okay, at the risk of sounding like. You
               know. Me. What are you going to do about
               getting evicted? You're still short,
               aren't you?

     Mannie's hand flops down to the window. Claire hands him the
     joint.

     From RONNA'S P.O.V., we see the floor is still littered with
     dozens of boxes of medicine.

     A beat. She picks up a box.

     An idea forming, Ronna sits back up. Smiles.


               What? What?




     Ronna and Claire weave through the densely packed lot, where
     RAVE-GOERS party in and around their cars, drinking and
     smoking.

     As they walk, Ronna pops allergy medicine out of a blister-foil
     pack. She tosses the box away. Scanning the lot, she points
     to a mini-van.




     Ronna knocks on the window. A NERVOUS TEENAGER rolls it down,
     releasing a cloud of smoke. Ronna smiles.


               Hi. I'm Kelly, and this is Donna. We
               were wondering if you might want to hang
               out.


                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     Ronna and Claire are packed in tight with three VALLEY
     HIGHSCHOOL COUPLES. The guys are stoned, the girls uptight.
     They're all breaking curfew.


               I think I feel something.


               It's really smooth, isn't it? Donna's
               brother is a pharmacist. He got it for
               us.

     A look from Claire -- why are dragging me into this? But she
     goes for it.


               Chip. His name is Chip. My brother.


               Is it like a wave, or is it like a zoom?


               It's like floating. Like, "Hey down
               there, how's the ground and shit."


               I got it. Oh, fuck. Yeah, I feel it.


               Is it really that cool?


               You gotta try it. Shit, I'll buy for you.

     He pulls out his wallet and hands Ronna a twenty. She gives
     the Anorexic Girl a tablet, who downs the pill with a swig of
     Diet Coke.


               And you know what makes it even better?
               If you smoke a lot of pot. I mean a lot
               of it.

     Fila Guy nods, firing up the mini-bong again.


                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     Mannie leans against a wall, pale and out of it, a nauseated
     smile on his face.


                   
               I can't believe you are selling allergy
               medicine.


               We're out of that. We're down to chewable
               aspirin.

     A SKATE-PUNK GUY comes up to them, money in hand.


               Hey. People are saying you have some
               really good stuff.

     Ronna takes the money, looks him over.


               Show me your tits.

     A beat. He pulls up his shirt to show his skinny white chest.
     Deeming him worthy, Ronna hands him a pill and sends him on his
     way. She adds the twenty to her stack.


               How much have you made?


               Four hundred.

     The opening RUMBLES of an industrial ANTHEM rise as we cut to:




     MUSIC builds throughout.

     Standing at the dresser, Gaines cracks open Ronna's bottle.
     Pills spill out on a plate.
     He counts them, pushing them aside in groups with a card.
     Stops.
     Picks one up. Looks at it more closely...

     Pulls open a drawer full of socks.
     Digs out the wide-mouthed bottle.
     Shakes out a pill.





                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 


     Flicks on a desk lamp.
     Looks at both pills in his hand, comparing...

     Fuck.

     He flips over the card on the dresser.
     Mary Xmas.
     The invite Claire gave him.

     With a sudden RAGE, he WINGS the plate against the far wall.
     It SHATTERS.

     The music EXPLODES and we're...




     A grinding, sweating sea of humanity. In the mosh pit,
     SKINHEADS and coked-up POSEURS run in blind circles. A stringy-
     haired EYELINER BOY crashes into



     who had her own groove going. She shoves him back into the
     wheel, a foot on his ass.

     Claire, behind her, YELLS something in her ear. We can't hear
     a thing. Ronna downs the rest of her drink, hands Claire the
     cup. That's not what Claire meant -- she's a little pissed --
     but Ronna is oblivious.

     Both hands free, Ronna pushes her way deeper into the eye of
     the storm. She adjusts her holly crown. She's sky high and
     loving every minute of it.




     The line to get in is longer still, snaking down the wall.
     Fila Guy is talking to a friend in a SPIDER MARINE shirt.


                  This girl inside. She and her friend have
                  it.


                  Ecstasy? The real shit?


                  Pharmaceutical grade. None of the
                  crunchy herbal rave shit.


                  Best twenty bucks you could spend.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     We look past Fila Guy to see Todd Gaines, who's been listening.
     Seething.




     Sweating hard, Mannie is pressed back against a pole, shirt
     over his head. Two nose-ringed RIOT GRRRLS are drawing a
     Christmas tree on his chest and stomach with a fat magic
     marker.

     Looking over at the entrance, he watches some GAPSTERS move
     past the BOUNCERS. And behind them,



     Mannie's drugged eyes go wide with panic. He hunches down.
     Gaines starts looking around the edge of the crowd.

     Mannie works his way into the mob.

     STROBES fire overhead.

     Ronna dances on, oblivious...
     Gaines circles, searching...
     Mannie fights his way through the outer ring of MOSHERS...

     Through the crowd, we see Gaines looking in...
     Mannie grabs Ronna...
     She smiles, tries to kiss him...

     He YELLS in her ear. He has to repeat himself...
     She looks back over her shoulder...
     A space in the crowd...

     She sees Gaines. He sees her.

     The MUSIC STOPS. Dead silence.

     Ronna and Gaines trade stares for what feels like an eternity,
     until suddenly...

     The MUSIC BLASTS back, harder than ever. Like a shot, Ronna
     and Mannie are out of there. Gaines plows through the crowd,
     coming after them.




     A side door BLASTS open, Ronna dragging Mannie by the wrist.
     They race down the alley. A burly BOUNCER shouts after them:






                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 





                      (re: sign
                      on door)


     The Bouncer is blindsided by Gaines, who charges after Ronna.




     Ronna pulls Mannie into a covered doorway, a niche set off from
     the alley. They hide back in the shadows as



     races past. Ronna kneels down to Mannie, who's hunched over
     his knees sweating and shaking.


                  What's wrong? Mannie?

     She puts a hand on his sweating forehead.         His cheeks.


                  Jesus. You're burning up.


                  I can't feel my hands.


                  Listen to me. We're going to find Claire
                  and get out of here.




     Ronna half-carries Mannie down the alley. He's too heavy to
     lift, and too out of it to go much further. He collapses to
     his knees. She can't get him back up.

     Without warning, he HEAVES. We hear the SPLASH on the asphalt.

     She props his head back against a dumpster. Wipes his face.


                  Sweetheart. Mannie. I'm going to leave
                  you here. I'm going to get the car and
                  come back for you.

     She fishes the keys out of his pocket. Mannie grabs onto her
     arm, tight.





                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  I can't carry you! Mannie, just hide
                  here. Just like a little mouse, okay?
                  You're going to be fine. Ain't nobody
                  leaving.

     She pushes his legs into the shadows. He's crying.




     In the distance, we hear the RUMBLE of the music. Keeping low,
     Ronna works her way down a row, coming to Mannie's car. She
     tries one key, then another.

     We LOOK UP to see Todd Gaines watching her from the hood of a
     nearby car.


                  How's it going, Ronna? How are sales?

     Her heart skips a beat. She drops the keys.


                  Todd, I can explain.


                  I'm not going to ask you to.

     He climbs off the car, approaching.


                  The thing is, it's not like I'm in a
                  highly ethical industry. But goddamn,
                  Ronna. You fucked me over for 20 lousy
                  hits.

     He pulls his gun from the back of his jeans. By instinct, she
     starts to move away.

     A red Miata moves down the row behind Ronna. She looks to it
     for help, but it's already passed.


                  It's not what it looks like. I mean, it
                  sort of is, but it's complicated.


                  Not really.

     He cocks the gun.






                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  I know I fucked up, but I can make it up
                  to you. Please, Todd.


                  I'm the last fucking person you should be
                  expecting a favor from.


                  I have the cash. I have more than I owe
                  you.


                  So now you're an entrepreneur.

     At the last moment, Ronna bolts. She ducks around the corner
     of a van, only to see...



     doing 20 in reverse. It brakes, but there's no time. It hits
     her hard.

     She flies up over the roof of the car, CRASHING down on the
     soft top. Her limp body starts to slip down the windshield,
     but finally sticks.



     seeing the hit. HEARING it. Stunned.

     A beat, then we hear the engine REV, pulling back again. That
     shakes Ronna loose, letting her drop over the headlights in
     front.

     Rolling down the slope at the edge of the field, Ronna topples
     ass-first into a drainage ditch. Her body lands with a
     sickening THUD.



     stands where he is, gun still in hand, dumbfounded.

     He looks to the Miata. It suddenly takes off, kicking up dirt
     and grass. For a moment, all is quiet.

     Finally, Gaines tucks the gun into his jeans. One last look
     around, then he starts working his way back across the parking
     lot. Disappears.


                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     We stay on Ronna's body as we HEAR the Miata suddenly pull
     away. Somewhere in the distance, the Mary Xmas Supafest is
     still RAGING, but here it's only a WHISPER with a beat.

     With a sudden SPASM, Ronna moves. Turns herself over on her
     back. Each breath WHEEZES and GURGLES.

     She pulls the remainder of the holly crown out of her hair and
     tosses it aside. She tries to push herself up. Her legs won't
     move.

     Catching her breath, she looks to the top of the ditch, waiting
     for somebody to look in. No one does. Adjusting herself, she
     slides against a weathered magazine. Spin. Jane's Addiction
     on the cover.

     She collapses back, a new wave of pain.

     After a beat, she suddenly LAUGHS, until gradually it becomes a
     COUGHING. She pushes her hair back, streaking blood across her
     face.


               Mannie!!

     There's no answer. The YELLING hurts. She won't do that
     again.


               Mannie, I got it! I remembered who the
               fuck it was! Perry Farrell's dead
               girlfriend. Xiola Blue. X-I-O-L-A.
               Fuck, I knew there was one.

     A sudden spasm of pain. She winces, sobbing. It passes.


               Don't you get it? I win.

     She COUGHS as she laughs, spitting out some blood. We PULL
     BACK, rising higher until we slowly




                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 












      Offscreen, a SOAP OPERA plays. Simon is on the phone, a well-
      worn employee list in his hands.


                No, no. Donde Miguel?                                             *
      Claire leans against the wall beside him, skeptical but
      amused. She turns a box of cookies over in her hands, reading
      the ingredients.


                Jalisco?
                    
                Where is Jalisco?


                Mexico.

      Fuck. Simon hangs up the phone without saying goodbye. He
      continues down the list.


                Simon, no one is going to take your shift.

      Ronna comes around the corner, zombie-tired. She heads to her
      locker. Simon watches her, an idea forming.








                Ronna, do you want my shift?


                Are you serious?


                I haven't punched in yet.                                         *
      She only half-believes him.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Look, my best mates are going to Las Vegas                          *
                   this weekend. I've never been, I'm told
                   it's incredible. If you took my shift, I
                   could go with them. Everybody wins.






      Darkness. We hear an ENGINE and ROAD NOISE.




      A cigarette lighter. The flame finally catches and we see
      Simon. He feels around, touching the ceiling, the walls, the
      floor. He's locked in the trunk of a car.


                   Shit. Shit!

      He starts kicking, hyperventilating. The lighter goes out.









                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                                 Part Two:
                                  `Shoot'



     Simon keeps KICKING.


                  Fucking let me out of here!

     The lighter burns his thumb. He switches hands. Listens for a
     second. The car isn't driving anymore.

     He tries to catch his breath, but keeps getting more panicked.
     A key SCRAPES in the lock.

     The trunk lid opens a crack. Bright daylight spills in.

     Simon KICKS the lid and pops up, ready to swing a tire iron.



     back off, laughing. We are...





                  Mo'fuckin Jack-in-the-box.

     TINY  is not black, but thinks he is.

     Simon climbs out of the trunk and does a face-plant in the
     gravel. He's shit-faced drunk.


                  Dude, you passed out before we left L.A.

     MARCUS  was a tailback at UCLA, and still has the build.
     He is black, and has no confusion over this matter.

     Simon is about to reply when he suddenly HEAVES. Everyone
     backs away. Tiny takes the tire iron, puts it to the side of
     the trunk. He starts cranking it while HUMMING "Pop Goes the
     Weasel," ending with...


                  Pop! Goes the asshole.


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     A massive land yacht from the pre-Embargo era. SINGH  is
     driving, nursing a beer. Marcus reads a magazine. Tiny talks
     from the enormous back seat, where Simon is recuperating.


               So this chick, she's bobbing up and down
               on my dick like she's fucking Marilyn
               Chambers.


               She actually found your dick?


                   
               Then she starts going around the ouside--
               you know, painting the tree--when WHACK!
               It hits her in the eye. And her contact,
               it's like stuck on my dick.

     The passengers don't seem impressed.


               Her contact lens. It's stuck on the end
               of my dick.


               Was it hard or soft?


               What, my dick?


               The contact lens.


               Do you remember if it was a colored lens?
               That she used to have two blue eyes and
               now she had one blue and one brown?


               What the fuck does that matter?


                   
               It matters because it happened to me. It
               was my story. I told this story about a
               year ago. The difference was, I knew
               those small-but-important details. That,
               and it was true.





                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Oh. Whatever.


                  Whatever?


                  Whatever.

     A beat. And another. The matter just won't drop.


                  Yo, pull your stinky dinky out of my ass.
                  I was just trying to make conversation.
                  Fuck. Give a nigger a break.

     Singh MOANS, not again.


                  What nigger? This nigger?


                  My mother's mother's mother was black.


                  So you say, yet we have never seen a
                  picture of this Ebonic woman.


                  Stop. Truce.


                  If you were any less black, you would be
                  clear.


                      
                  Stop.


                  Look at your skin.


                  I see black because I know I am. Color is
                  a state of mind.


                  Thank you Rhythm Nation.


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     It's a dive, and nearly empty. The guys work their way down
     both sides of a self-service food bar. Simon is mostly
     recovered.


               So what does Valentina do?


               She's a nutritionist. She also teaches a
               class at this college.


               What class?


               Tantric sexuality for couples.


               She teaches people how to fuck?


               Man, I taught myself.


                   
               You shouldn't eat shrimp. It's loaded
               with iodine.


               This shit is expensive. You're paying
               five bucks for lettuce and seeds and shit.

     Tiny up-ends the rest of the shrimp cocktail onto his plate.
     Pissed, Singh scoops away a handful for himself.



     The guys eat. Tiny tries to make a sandwich out of the various
     foods on his plate, but the bread keeps crumbling.


               Thing is, most people really don't know
               how to make love. They just put it in and
               move it around until they get off. What
               tantra teaches you is how to prolong and
               deepen the experience, bring it to a
               higher level. If one man in ten were
               having the sex I'm having, there would be
               no war.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  What's the longest you and her ever did
                  it?


                  Fourteen hours.


                  Holy shit!


                  How many times you shoot?


                  Not once.


                  Fourteen hours, you didn't go once. Not
                  even at the end?


                  You redirect the orgasm inside.

     He's greeted with skeptical looks.

                             MARCUS 
                  How long does your orgasm last? A couple
                  seconds? I've had orgasms that lasted an
                  hour and a half.


                  Bullshit.


                  Swear to God. And I do mean Allah.


                  When was the last time you got off? I
                  mean like, wet.


                  I haven't ejaculated in six months.


                  Six months!


                  Anyone can do it. All it takes is
                  discipline.


                  You are some kind of Obi Wan Kenobi
                  motherfucker.




                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 

                          TINY 
               Call me old school, but I am still down
               with coming and going. Am I right?

     Singh agrees. Simon, however, is still intrigued.




     We hear slot machines CHIMING in the distance. Marcus picks a
     gold card up from the counter.


                   
               Todd Gaines. The drug dealer.


               He gets a discount. He let me use it.
               He's a good guy.


               He's the good drug dealer. I get
               confused.


               We'll pay cash anyway. This is just to
               get the room.

     The Desk Woman returns with their keys.


               Could you answer a question...
                   
               ...Rachel? Hypothetically, do you think a
               man could make love to a woman for 14
               hours without ever achieving climax?


               I think my manager would be better able to
               answer that question. Would you like me
               to call him over?


               No. Not necessary.


               Great then. Welcome to the Riviera.

     Simon walks away with Marcus.


                   
               Lesbian.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     Doubled over, Tiny BANGS on the bathroom door. Singh emerges,
     pale and sweating. He steps over Tiny, who crawls in. Hanging
     up his clothes, Marcus waves away the smell.

     Singh MOANS, lying down on a bed.


               Did I tell you not to eat the shrimp?


               I have something for you. Where did I put
               it? Oh, it's right here.

     He gives him the finger. Simon is on the phone by the window.


                   
               Todd, it's Simon. What's up?...I'm in
               Vegas, we just got here. What was the
               name of the place you said we should
               go...The Crazy Horse. What are you doing
               tonight?

     Marcus neatly unfolds his clothes, hanging them up in the
     closet.


                   
               You're going to a wedding?...What is it, a
               rave?

     From the wall, KNOCKING. Simon and Marcus look to a door by
     the window.


                    
               No, I know Claire...Are you going to fuck
               her?

     Simon points at the KNOCKING door. Marcus finally opens it to
     reveal a 12 year-old BOY in the adjoining hotel room.


               Who are you?


               This is our room.

     Simon leans around to look.





                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Oh. What are you doing?


                  Raping small children.

     The Boy's MOTHER yanks him back from the door, shutting it.




     Simon and Marcus are fully macked out. Marcus adjusts the
     shoulders of his bright yellow jacket.


                  Did I mention how much I like your jacket?


                  No.


                  There's a reason.

     The elevator bell BINGS.




     Simon finds Marcus at a blackjack table.


                  Let me borrow some money.


                  Where's your money?


                  I lost it

     The DEALER is waiting for Marcus to play. He takes a card,
     bust.


                  We've been here five minutes.


                  I was playing this game at a hundred
                  dollar table and I didn't understand it,
                  but now I do. I think I figured out how
                  to beat it.


                  Let me see your wallet.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Simon hands it over. Marcus pockets it.


                  You can have it back in an hour. No, no.
                  No buts. One hour, right here.




     VARIOUS SHOTS: Simon wanders, bored. He hits on a WOMAN at
     the nickel slots. When she rebuffs him, he turns his attention
     to the COCKTAIL WAITRESS.




     Simon wanders amid the GUESTS spilling out of the Shapiro
     wedding reception. He helps himself to a glass of champagne.




     Simon shares the elevator with drunken bridesmaids BECKY
     GOLDMAN and REBECCA GOLDSTIEN. Both are 19.


                  Okay, if you're from over there, then
                  where did you meet these friends? Of
                  yours. Who I don't see.


                  They already knew each utter, but Marcus I
                  met in traffic school.

     His accent is suddenly Irish. It's weirdly charming.


                      
                  Een traffic skewl?


                  I'm a good driver, I am. I learned
                  everything from American television.
                  Hunter, Magnum P.I. -- The Knight Rider is
                  an excellent program.

     The doors open at the Beckys' floor. They get off. Rebecca
     turns...


                  Do you want to be getting high with us?


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     While Rebecca smokes up, Becky tears a kleenex in half. She
     rolls each piece into a plug, shoving one up each nostril.


                   
               Otherwise, I can't hold it in.

     Simon hands her the pipe and the lighter.

     Rebecca blows a perfect smoke ring at Simon. He smiles, a
     little smoke escaping. She leans close and kisses him. Softly
     at first, then harder. They're a few beats into it when...


               Oh my God!

     Her kleenex is on fire, flames in each nostril. Hands waving,
     she stands up. Snorts hard. The plugs shoot out, landing on
     the carpet, which begins to smolder. Simon stamps the flames
     out.


               You're fine. You're fine.

     Becky is crying.


                   
               Tell her she's fine.


               You're beautiful.

     He kisses her. After a moment, her panic subsides. She kisses
     him back.




     Simon slides between the two Beckys, three naked bodies
     clenching and releasing.



     breathing harder and faster, faster, until he suddenly stops.
     The expression on his face is agonizing, like a tightrope
     walker about to lose his balance. The Beckys stop to watch
     him, worried he might be hurt.

     Finally, he breathes again.




                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Did you go?

     He shakes his head.


                  Why not?


                  Tantra, baby.



     A new position, Rebecca on top and sweating. Next to Simon,
     Becky is passed out and SNORING. It's only as we look over
     Rebecca's back that we see



     On the bed, Simon lies motionless in aching nirvana.            His head
     turns. He sees the flames. And does nothing.

     Rebecca reaches climax with an inhuman series of MOANS. It's
     on the third of these that the smoke alarm suddenly BLEATS. It
     settles into a piercing WHINE.

     Becky falls out of bed, disoriented. Sees the fire and
     SCREAMS. Rebecca climbs off Simon to attack the flames with a
     pillow, beating them down. Holding her head together, Becky
     tries to reach the smoke detector itself.

     Amid the chaos, Simon feels for his shoes.




     In the elevator on the right, Simon jabs at the button while
     getting his jeans on. As his doors slide closed, the left
     elevator opens, revealing hotel SECURITY.




     Gentle Christmas MUZAK.

     At the sinks, Marcus wets his fingers to fix his hair. An OLD
     TEXAN washes his hands at the next sink, looks around for a
     towel. Marcus takes two from the dispenser, hands them over.

     When he's finished, the Texan sets the crumpled towels on the
     counter, along with a dollar bill. He taps his hat and leaves.






                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     A beat before Marcus sees the bill and makes the connection.
     He shouts to the closed door...


                  I am not a bathroom attendant!




     Not breaking his stride, Simon catches Marcus coming out the
     restroom.


                  Hey. We're leaving.


                  Fuck yeah.




     Seething, Marcus joins Simon in line for a cab. A white
     Ferrari pulls up to the curb beside them. The FERRARI MAN
     tosses the keys at Marcus, who can't help but catch them.


                  Keep it close and there's an extra ten
                  bucks for you.

     He slips Marcus a five as he rushes into the casino. A beat.
     Simon is cracking up. As we REVERSE, we see the valets are
     wearing the same yellow sportcoat as Marcus.


                  Get in. Get in the car. Get in.




     Top off, wind whipping. Marcus downshifts, letting the engine
     RACE as he passes another sports car. The STEREO is blasting.

     Pale and dazed, Simon tries to light a cigarette. It blows out
     of his fingers. It was his last. He adjusts himself in his
     seat, uncomfortable.


                      
                  Question. When you're doing tantra, you
                  hold it in at the end, right?







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  No. Never. Redirect the energy, but you
                  never hold it in. Haven't you ever gotten
                  blue balls? Hurts like a bitch.


                      
                  Sort of a dull ache.


                  Exactly.

     Marcus looks over to Simon, who is trying to get his breath.




     Empty intersections, no traffic to speak of. Marcus is looking
     for a cross-street. They're lost.


                  See if there's a map.

     Simon goes through the glove compartment. Amid the condoms and
     parking tickets, he finds one.


                  Orange County.

     He throws it out. He tries to shut the compartment, but it's
     caught on something. He reaches in...


                  Holy shit.

     Marcus looks over. Simon gently pulls out a 9mm Baretta.
     Fascinated, he turns it over in his hands. Marcus tries to
     keep an eye on the road.


                  Don't point it at me!


                  How do I know if it's loaded?


                  First, you stop pointing it at me.

     Simon aims the other way, out the window. As they drive
     through an intersection, they pass a car full of LOCALS.


                  Floor. Floor!




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Simon throws the gun to the floor. Marcus flinches, expecting
     it to go off. It doesn't. He checks the rear-view mirror. No
     trouble. Simon picks up the gun again.


                  I've never held a real gun before. It's
                  heavier than I thought.


                  Great, put it back.


                  I want to know if it's loaded. How do


     He starts pulling and pushing on it, trying to get the clip
     out. He's not going to stop until he does it or shoots himself
     trying.


                  Hold the wheel.

     Marcus removes the clip, hands it over. Simon counts the
     bullets.


                  I hold ten men's lives in my hand.


                  It's a nine millimeter. It doesn't have
                  stopping power.


                  Right. For that you'd need Magnum Force.




     At a pull-up payphone, Marcus is looking through the map in the
     phone book. Simon is still fondling the gun.


                  This is why I came here. This is America.
                  I'm serious. You want to take one symbol
                  for all of America, it's not the flag or
                  the hawk...


                  ...eagle...


                  ...or the automobile. America is about a
                  man and a gun.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 

                             SIMON 
                  From the American revolution, to taking
                  the West, killing Indians, American
                  history is all about access to firearms.
                  In England, we can't even own a gun.
                  Here, it's a birthright.
                      
                  If I were an American, I'd join the E.R.A.


                  The N-R-A.

     He tears a page out of the phone book.


                  You're certain?


                  The E.R.A. was this chick thing in the
                  `70s.


                  Chicks with guns?

     A beat. Giving up...


                  Yes.




     Tiny lies on the bed, watching a bad hotel porno. Singh comes
     out of the bathroom, pale and shivering.


                  Kill me.


                  I ain't your bitch. Kill yourself.

     KNOCKING at the adjoining room door. They try to ignore it,
     but it's relentless. Finally, Tiny answers it.


                  What the fuck?

     It's the same boy.


                  You got some smoke?


                  You got some pubic hair yet?





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Man, I've been smoking up since I was
                  eight.


                  Where is your mom at?

     He pushes past the kid...


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






     The mirror image of their room. The same porno plays on the
     TV. Kleenexes on the bed.


               She's not my mom.

     Tiny rummages through the open suitcases, finally finding a
     bottle of Pepto-Bismol. He cracks the seal and drinks half of
     it on the spot.


               Are you on heroin? Are you kicking?


               I'm kicking your ass if you knock again.

     Tiny goes back into the other room, pulling the door shut.


               Fuck you.




     Sodium vapor lights BUZZ overhead. Simon adjusts something in
     his coat while Marcus locks the Ferrari.




               Listen up. They're going to ask if you
               want buy a bottle of champagne. You
               don't, but don't say that right off.


               Explain.


               Champagne means you want a private dance.
               You can't afford it, neither can I. But
               if they know we're not biting, they don't
               even dangle the bait.


               So, "champagne" is a code.
                   
               What does vodka mean?







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Nothing.

     At the door, Marcus stops Simon before he goes in.


                  We have one word, champagne. You can
                  order anything you want, anything, as
                  long as it's not champagne.




     Pitch black except for tiny Christmas lights. To Simon's left,
     a skanky MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE plays video poker. At the bar,
     Marcus SHOUTS to the BARTENDER -- the MUSIC is deafening.

     Out of the shadows, two dancers approach. They split up,
     blonde HOLLY taking Simon, while brunette NOELLE heads for
     Marcus.

     Holly offers Simon a hand, they shake. She leans close to talk
     into his ear. He smiles.

     Noelle taps Marcus on the shoulder, ducks to the other side
     playfully. Takes a sip of his drink.

     Simon points to Marcus. Holly nods, feeling the fabric of his
     shirt.

     Noelle laughs at something Marcus said.

     Holly measures her hand against Simon's, rubs it against her
     neck. He is staring at her magnificent breasts.

     At Noelle's urging, Marcus flexes his bicep. Noelle flutters.

     We come in CLOSE as Holly leans over to say something. Simon
     speaks first...


                  I'd like to buy your most expensive bottle
                  of champagne.




     A curtain at the end, blue light overhead. Holly leads the way
     with a bottle of champagne. Noelle follows with glasses.
     Behind them, the guys.

     Marcus gives Simon a look. Simon shrugs it off.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     The curtain parts, letting the women through. From the
     darkened space beyond, a giant BOUNCER steps out -- massive
     even compared to Marcus. He's sucking on a lollipop.


                  I need a major credit card.

     Marcus looks to Simon, who hands over the gold card. Vic Jr.
     reads them the boilerplate...


                  This is a gentlemen's club. You are
                  expected to behave as gentlemen. I will
                  be giving you one rule. If you break this
                  rule, I will break your arm. Are we
                  clear?


                  Yes.


                  The ladies can touch you. You cannot
                  touch them. At any point, for any reason.
                  Is this clear?


                  Crystal.


                  Enjoy your evening.

     He pulls back the curtain.




     A mirrored ball spins overhead, stars racing across the black
     paneling. Holly nudges Simon into his chair. He and Marcus
     sit back to back.

     As the champage POPS, we move into a series of overlapping
     shots:

     Noelle licks the foam from Holly's fingers.
     Holly rubs the bottle against herself, pours.
     Noelle and Holly dance together, a tinsel ribbon around them.

     Simon adjusts himself in the crotch.

     Noelle lights a cigar for Marcus as Holly dances alone.
     Holly lifts her miniskirt to reveal a g-string.
     Simon cranes his neck back, banging heads with Marcus.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Noelle takes a puff off the cigar.
     Holly straddles Simon, rubs against him. He shudders. His
     hands start to rise. She gently pushes them back down.

     Marcus whispers something to Noelle.

     Noelle comes up behind Holly, moving with her as she rubs
     against Simon. Marcus turns to watch.

     Enraptured, Simon watches the four-armed woman on top of him.

     His fingers start to twitch.

     Noelle kisses the edge of Holly's neck.
     Simon's hands rise, reach...
     Holly MOANS...

     And suddenly...

     Simon grabs Noelle's ass.

     It's Heaven.


                      
                  Hands! Hands!

     Noelle and Holly both get off him. Holly kicks his leg. From
     behind the curtain, Vic Jr. charges in. He heads straight for
     Marcus.


                  The other one!

     Simon tumbles off his chair, scrambling.


                  What the fuck did I tell you!

     He kicks Simon in the ass.


                  Yo. Yo! He fucked up, he lost control.


                  Am I talking to you? I'm talking to your
                  faggot friend here.

     He kicks Simon again. Holly and Noelle stand in the corner.
     This has happened a hundred times.


                  We're leaving.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Vic Jr. kicks Simon again.


                  Enough! Stop kicking him.
                      
                  I said to fucking stop kicking him.

     Vic Jr. turns on Marcus. A beat. He shoves him, hard.


                  I'm not trying to throw down here.


                      
                  You think you can kick my ass?


                  I don't want to try.

     Vic Jr. WHACKS Marcus, an old-fashioned bitch slap. A beat.
     Marcus tries to keep the rage down. Feels his nose bleeding.

     He backs away, but Vic Jr. keeps coming. Suddenly...





     For a beat, no one's sure what happened. We look around to
     Marcus. Vic Jr. Holly. Noelle. Then finally Simon.

     He just fired. The gun is steady in his hand.

     Marcus checks his shirt. A spray of blood.

     Vic Jr. checks his arm. It's bleeding.

     We HOLD for a moment, the mirrored ball still spinning
     overhead.


                  Everybody back the fuck away.

     They do. Marcus holds his place.


                  Oh, man. Fuck.

     Blood is squirting out of Vic Jr.'s arm. He holds it,
     dumbfounded.







                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   
               Is there another way out?


               Behind you.

     A fire escape door. Simon motions for Marcus to come. Pushing
     the bar, no alarm sounds. They back out, into the night. The
     door swings shut.

     A beat.

     Suddenly, an MAN charges in with a silver .45. He is Vic Sr.,
     60, owner and proprietor. You don't fuck with Victor.


               What happened!


               They shot Vic. They went out the back.

     Victor KICKS the door open, ready to fire. The alley is clear.
     The BARTENDER comes through the curtain.


                   
               Find them.

     The man races out. Victor looks at his son's arm. It's
     bloody, but he'll live. Holly SHOUTS down the hallway.


               Call 911.


               No! No cops.




     The Ferrari SCRAPES as it takes the curb too fast.

     From the alley, the Bartender chases after it, finally
     stopping to squeeze off three SHOTS. None seem to hit. The
     Ferrari tears down the street.




     Taking a left, Marcus slows down a little. We're on an empty
     street well away from the Crazy Horse. He dabs at his bloody
     nose.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     In the passenger seat, Simon looks at the gun in the hand. He
     suddenly throws it out.


                  What are you doing?


                  Getting rid of the weapon.

     Marcus slams on the brakes.


                  It has your fingerprints on it.


                  Oh shit.

     Craning around, Simon looks for it in the street. Marcus backs
     the car up. Suddenly, a phone RINGS. Lights flicker on the
     car phone.


                  Do we answer?

     Marcus brakes again. The phone keeps RINGING.


                  It's probably Orange County asking where
                  the hell his car is.


                  It's a cell phone. They can trace where
                  we are even if we don't answer.


                  Get the gun. Go. Find it.

     Simon climbs out and starts looking, crouching to look under
     cars.

     In the Ferrari, Marcus sits back and kicks the phone with his
     boot, over and over until it stops, dead.

     For a moment, silence.

     Then the car's ALARM starts going off.     Marcus SCREAMS with
     frustration. He punches buttons on the     keychain, but nothing
     will quiet it. He tries the key in the     ignition. It won't
     turn over. Climbing out of the car, he     kicks it with all his
     might.

     Simon finds the gun, crawling under a truck to get it.





                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Using his jacket, Marcus starts frantically wiping off the
     inside and outside of the Ferrari. Simon joins him. The whole
     time, the alarm is still WAILING.

     Satisfied, Marcus motions that they're done. He and Simon take
     off running down the street.




     A bent needle pierces two flaps of skin, drawing a line of
     blood with the thread.

     Victor ties another stitch in Vic Jr.'s arm. He's had practice
     at this. In the background, the Bartender and Noelle are
     watching. Victor's tirade is directed at all of them.


               Just because a rapper has a white buddy
               doesn't mean he's Sidney Fucking Poitier.
               You check them. You pat them down.


                   
               I know.


                   
               And you, you were on top of him. You
               didn't feel anything.

     She shakes her head, crying.

                          VICTOR [CONT'd]
               This thing. This thing is a wall of shit.
               It is a fucking call from on high that I
               have to leave. I have to get out before
               this all just falls in on me.

     Vic Jr. winces with pain.

                          VICTOR [CONT'd]
               You know what wakes me up in the middle of
               the night, covered in sweat? You aren't
               any worse than anyone else of your fucked
               up generation. Towel.

     Noelle hands him a towel to mop up the blood.

                          VICTOR [CONT'd]
               In the old days, you know how you got to
               the top? By being better than the guy
               ahead of you.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 

                             VICTOR [CONT'd] 
                  How do you people get to the top? By
                  being so fucking incompetent that the guy
                  ahead of you can't even do his job, he
                  falls on his ass and congratulations,
                  you're on top. Only now the top is down
                  here when it used to be up here and you
                  don't even know the difference.

     He finishes the last stitch, tying it off.

                             VICTOR [CONT'd]
                  My generation, we're dinosaurs. We're
                  gonna die. You're gonna kill us off. But
                  you'll never be dinosaurs. You're little
                  fucking rats and that's all you're ever
                  going to be.

     Holly looks in, holding a gold card. Victor motions, "well?"
     She hands it over.


                  They said they were from Los Angeles.

     Noelle nods.


                  Then they must be staying somewhere,
                  isn't that right Noelle?

     Noelle nods harder, crying again.




     Pale and dehydrated, Tiny sits on the toilet. He HUMS the
     theme to "I Dream of Jeannie."





                  Once Karen learned these simple rules,
                  she discovered blackjack was as easy as it
                  was fun.

     Singh is propped up on one of the beds. He's just this side of
     death. Toilet FLUSHING. Tiny comes out of the bathroom, takes
     the other bed.


                  Steve decided to try his hand at craps.







                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     Tiny resumes HUMMING. After a few beats, Singh joins in with
     the theme to "Bewitched." The melodies blend surprisingly
     well. Just into the second chorus, the phone RINGS.


                  Yo! Mmmhmm. Room 875.

     He hangs up.


                  Who was that?


                  Some shit, I dunno.




     In the passenger seat, Vic Jr. flips a cell phone shut. He was
     working through the yellow pages.


                  They're at the Riviera.

     Victor changes lanes. He SLAMS on the horn, SHOUTING at the
     car that cut him off.


                  Motherfucker!




     Climbing out of a cab, Marcus throws two bills at the DRIVER.
     Simon is already running down the sidewalk.




     Simon furiously pounds the elevator button. With a DING, doors
     finally open. He and Marcus get on. The doors shut.

     In the same shot, we WHIP BACK to look at the lobby, where
     Victor and Vic Jr. have just entered. They walk calmly but
     quickly.




     Victor presses the `8' button. The mirrored doors close. Half
     a beat later, they open again.






                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



     A PLEASANT RETIRED COUPLE get on. Press `4.' The doors don't
     close. The Woman presses the `Door Open' button.


                  The other one, honey.

     She sees her mistake. The doors finally close. In the
     reflection, the Man looks back at Victor and Vic Jr. Smiles.


                  Sure is a fun way to spend Christmas,
                  isn't it?

     No answer. The doors open.


                  This isn't our floor.

     The Man steps out of the elevator, looking around.


                  Maybe we're five.


                  Or six. We'll try both.

     She reaches for the panel. Victor grabs her hand. She GASPS,
     startled. Without saying a word, he shoves her off the
     elevator, BANGING on the door close button until it finally
     responds.




     Marcus and Simon burst in like a cyclone. Marcus grabs his
     clothes out of the closet.


                  All right, listen up. We're leaving in 30
                  seconds. Grab what you can.


                  What the fuck?

     Simon tosses Singh his wallet, pockets the keys.


                  Just do it. Now!

     The panic is contagious. After a stunned beat, Tiny and Singh
     start moving, putting on shoes and restuffing suitcases.

     A KNOCK at the door. Everyone freezes. More KNOCKING.




                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Room service.

     Simon steps gingerly to the door, looks out the peephole.



     A fleshy hand blocks the fisheye.




     Victor and son smile at a COUPLE walking past. When they're
     gone, a giant orange plumber's wrench drops down from Jr.'s
     jacket sleeve.




     Simon backs away from the door, freaking out. Marcus checks
     the windows. They're eight stories above a parking lot.

     Tiny knocks on the door to the adjoining room


                      
                  Hey. Kid.




     The kids mutes the TV.


                  Kid. Open up the door.


                  Fuck you.




                  Look, I'm really sorry, you know? It's
                  just, it would be really swell if you
                  would open this door. Now. It's kind of
                  an emergency.


                  Hundred bucks.


                  Fuck!





                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Give him the money.

      He gathers money from their wallets.




      Pulling all his weight into it, Vic Jr. begins to pry the door
      handle off.




      The door knob jiggles. WHIP back to the guys.

      Tiny finally chips in. Simon shoves the cash in a wad under
      the door. They wait.



      The Boy counts the money, straightening the bills.


                   Open now!




      The door handle bends further, further. Finally SNAPS.




      The far side of the lock mechanism drops to the floor.


                   Fuck!

      Fingers reach into the hole, trying to pull back the bolt.
      Finally catch it. The door swings open, revealing...

      ...an empty room. Colt .45 in hand, Victor storms in. Checks
      behind doors and under beds. The suitcases are half-packed.




      Singh has his ear to the door.


                       
                   They're in.




                                              "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Simon peers out the peephole into the hallway. Marcus lifts
      the Boy against the wall.


                       
                   If you let them in here, they will kill
                   you. Understood?

      The boy nods. Marcus drops him. Simon opens the hallway door
      a crack. It's clear. On the count of three, they go.

      We stay with the boy, who sits back against the windows,
      excited and rich. There's a KNOCK at the adjoining door. The
      boy tucks the money away.

      With a BOOM, we hear the door being kicked open. It only takes
      four blows.


                       
                   Down the hall. That way.




      Swinging off the railings, the four guy race down the stairs.
      Up above, a door SLAMS open.




      Running to the Cadillac, Singh feels for his keys.


                   I got `em.

      As Simon unlocks the door, the other three look at each other --
      should he really be driving?



      as Simon backs out. In the distance, Victor and son appear
      around the corner. Victor motions to go for the truck.




      A line of cars wait to pay at the booth. Simon slams on the
      brakes. Looking out the back window, Marcus sees the bright
      lights of the Ram Charger approaching.


                   They're right behind us.




                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Who?

      In answer to his question, the Ram Charger SLAMS into the trunk
      of the Cadillac. Simon cranks the wheel, barely avoiding the
      car ahead of him.

      Not slowing, Simon aims for the entrance lane, where the bar is
      coming down behind a small Nissan. Threading the needle, Simon
      makes it past the car and the gate. The Ram Charger smashes
      through the bar.




      The Cadillac charges out of the parking lot, nearly hitting
      another car as it heads onto the Strip. Looking back, we see
      the Ram Charger following them out.




      Four a.m., but there's still traffic. The Cadillac slaloms
      between taxis and tourists. Approaching an intersection,
      yellow light...





                   Cop. Cop!

      There's a police car waiting at the stoplight.         Simon hits the
      brakes, just short of a SQUEAL. They stop in a         middle lane,
      next to the cop. Simon and Marcus look over to         the OFFICER,
      trying to be calm. Singh and Tiny peer out the         back.

      The Ram Charger slowly approaches, no hurry. In the squad car,
      the Officer takes a radio call. Drunken TOURISTS walk past.
      The crosswalk switches to a flashing red hand.


                   How did they find us?


                   It's their town. I'm sure they have
                   people.

      The Ram Charger pulls in right behind the Cadillac. It's so
      tall, all we see are the blinding headlights through the back
      window. Singh and Tiny slink down. Marcus checks the gun on
      his lap.





                                     "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



    The red hand stops flashing. The opposing light goes from
    green to yellow. Simon gently REVS the engine. Suddenly, a


    Lights flashing, the police car makes a right turn from the
    left lane, cutting in front of them. The SIREN is deafening.
    Simon sees his opportunity.







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Gunning the engine, he hangs a hard left, cutting across three
      oncoming lanes. The Ram Charger tries to follow, but the
      traffic is already moving. Over the protest of many HORNS, the
      pickup finally forces its way through.




      The Cadillac takes a corner hard, fishtailing into oncoming
      traffic. Tiny SCREAMS. Simon pulls it back into the lane. In
      the rear-view mirror, we see the Ram Charger, gaining.


                We have to get off the major streets.
                Take a right up here. No, not here!

      It's too late. Simon mistook an alley for an actual road.


                Hold on.

      Aiming for the alley, Simon hits a curb on the way in. Singh's
      head BANGS against the roof. The passenger-side mirror
      smashes off against the wall.


                Mother of fuck!




      Just inches of clearance on either side, the alley runs behind
      a series of strip malls and office buildings. There's only one
      way out -- Simon's aiming for the boulevard on the far side.


                    
                I don't see `em.




      The end of the alley approaches. From the far edge, a flashing
      orange light. A giant street-sweeper is slowly crossing the
      alley. We WHIP BACK to see the Cadillac approaching.


                Shit.


                    
                Wait, no. They're coming in.





                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Behind them, the Ram Charger gingerly negotiates a three-point
      turn into the alley. Wider, it scrapes against one side.

      Ahead, the street sweeper is blocking one-quarter of the
      alley. One-third. A moment of hesitation, then Simon floors
      it. The Caddy hits thirty, forty. Engine RACING --


                  We can't make it!

      The sweeper is already halfway across the alley. Singh braces
      for impact. Somehow, Simon still thinks he can clear it.




      At the last moment, Simon SLAMS on the brakes. They're
      skidding towards it.

      Marcus grabs the wheel and jerks it. The front bumper catches
      the wall, sending the trunk SLAMMING against the far alley
      wall. A ear-piercing SCREECH.

      A ribbon of sparks shoots off as the front and rear bumpers are
      scraped away. Forward momentum finally stops.




      The abrupt stop sends Tiny flying into the front seat, where
      his head SMACKS against the dash. Marcus's seat breaks,
      PINNING him. He pushes back, but Singh YELPS in protest.

      Simon blinks, trying to figure out if he's alive. With Tiny's
      bleeding head on his lap, he shifts into reverse.




      The tires SPIN in place. The car is wedged in tight sideways.
      Further down the alley, we find the broken-off



      In its cracked face we see five Ram Chargers approaching. A
      giant tire smashes the mirror to bits.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Shifting gears, Simon tries to rock the car back and forth,
      making no progress. Looking over his seat, Marcus sees the
      giant pickup heading right for them. The headlights are bright
      enough to cast shadows.

      Forcing back the seat, Marcus stands up through the open
      sunroof. Aims and FIRES. Once. Twice. Three times.




      On the first shot, Vic Junior ducks down. Two bullets punch
      through the windshield. The third ricochets off the hood.

      Victor keeps the pedal to the floor. He's not stopping.




      All four guys duck just before impact. The Ram Charger
      CRUNCHES into the side of the Cadillac, pushing it down the
      alley. More sparks shoot off as it goes.

      Looking ahead, the street sweeper has moved past the end of the
      alley, but the far side of the street beyond is a construction
      area, flashing baricades all around. The Ram Charger will push
      them right into it.




      Clearing the end of the alley, Simon punches the gas.




      Swinging wide, the Cadillac comes free with another CRUNCH.

      Momentum keeps the Ram Charger heading straight for the
      construction.




      Victor hooks the wheel hard, trying to avoid it.


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Hitting a parked car, the Ram Charger tips and rolls over,
      landing on its side. It SCRAPES along the asphalt, finally
      coming to rest.




      Simon fights to regain control, the    street outside a blur.
      Over his shoulder, an oncoming Yugo    can't stop fast enough.
      The little car hits just in front of    the tire, sending the
      Cadillac spinning back the opposite    direction.

      Tiny's unconscious body flies out the passenger window.
      Marcus and Singh both grab hold. As Simon rights the spin, the
      Cadillac brushes past the green street sweeper, still humming
      along. Marcus and Singh pull Tiny back in, inches away from
      decapitation.

      Simon finally settles into a lane, checking the rear-view
      mirror.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      We look through the windshield to find Victor piled on top of
      his son. Regaining his wits, the old man steps on Vic Jr.'s
      shoulder. Gets another foot into the steering wheel, climbing
      up to the driver's door window.




      Victor looks out to see the Cadillac turning down a side
      street, out of sight.


                Sonofabitch!




      The Cadillac, bruised but unbroken, heads west. Las Vegas
      shimmers in the distance.




      In the back seat, Tiny is propped up with a bloody shirt
      pressed to his head. Singh has his feet up to brace the back
      of Marcus's seat.


                Just so we're clear. You stole a car,
                shot a bouncer, and had sex with two
                women?


                You had sex with two women?

      Simon ignores them, still checking his rear-view mirror.


                We can be in Mexico by noon. I say we
                split up from there. I'll take Baja.


                Fuck Mexico. We're going home. To L.A.







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Simon, think about it. If they were going
                   to call the cops, they would have called
                   them in Las Vegas. They just wanted us
                   gone, and we're gone. It's over.

      Simon checks the mirror, checks the road. With a deep breath,
      he tries to believe. But doesn't.




      Vic Jr. peels back his bandage to check the bleeding. His
      father is at a payphone. In the background, we see a tow
      truck starting to pull the Ram Charger back upright.


                       
                   Tommy, it's Vic. I need you to run a
                   credit card for me. You ready?

      He takes the gold card from his pocket.


                   First name `Todd.' Last name `Gaines.'


      Vic Jr. looks to his dad.

















      Off-screen, a SOAP OPERA plays.

      Claire leans beside Simon. His eyes track Ronna as she passes.




                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                      
                  Don't.


                  Why not?


                  She's been on for fourteen hours.

    At her locker, Ronna misdials the combination. Frustrated,
    she POUNDS the locker, then re-dials.

    Simon approaches Ronna gingerly. We stay back with Claire, who
    sets to work opening a box of expired cookies.

    She half-listens as Ronna and Simon have their discussion at
    the lockers, then at the time clock.

    Simon follows Ronna out into the alley.

    Claire takes a seat atop a crappy console TV, eating an oatmeal
    cookie. The VOICES on the soap opera seem familiar.


                  I'm not the man you're looking for.


                  We both know you were on the pier. You
                  saw what happened to Carmen.







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      We DROP DOWN to see the TV. Onscreen, a police interrogation
      room. The Cop is played by Adam. The Accused is played by
      Zack.


                Don't forget, detective. I was cleared of
                all charges.


                I don't care how many high-priced lawyers
                you bring in. Eden Valley will never
                stand for your kind of scum.

      As the MUSIC rises, we PUSH IN on Zack. PUSH IN on Adam. The
      TV image FADES OUT.






      Adam stands mostly naked, his shirt off his shoulders and jeans
      around his ankles.

      Loop -- the white dreadlocked guy -- retapes a transmitter on
      his thigh. A wire runs up to a microphone on his chest.

      Zack and Burke are by the door, watching. The bathroom is
      really cramped.


                You work out, don't you?


                You have to. It's in the contract.


                No, you have a great body.

      The door starts to open, someone trying to come in. Burke
      holds it shut.







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Hey! People in here!

      Whoever was trying to come in gives up. Burke pulls a college
      sweatshirt out of a shopping bag, hands it to Zack. Motions
      that he's supposed to wear it. As he's putting it on...


                   Just so we're clear. Whether you get
                   something on this guy or not, Adam and I
                   are done today. Finished. Charges
                   dropped. That's how it works, right?

      Burke smiles, an amused roll of the eyes.


                   What?


                   Seems to me, if a guy's so concerned about
                   the legal process, how come he finds
                   himself getting busted for possession?

      Adam and Zack share a look. A beat.


                   Relax. I sign your form and the whole
                   thing goes away. Your lawyer got you a
                   good deal.

      Loop sits back, his job finished.


                   Is it safe to have a radio against my
                   balls like this?

      A beat.


                   Safe enough.

      A BEEP as he presses a button. His headphones register.




      A small sit-down dive in West Hollywood. The four men finish
      lunch.


                   I think my girlfriend watches your show.






                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Tell them what your girlfriend does.


                   She doesn't do anything.


                   They're not even married and she does
                   nothing. My wife -- we've been married
                   two years -- she still takes overtime
                   three nights a week.

      Loop bows to Burke's superiority.


                   My wife's a deputy sherriff, you believe
                   that? A cop and a sherriff, married.
                   It's like the freakin' odd couple.







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                I smell a pilot.

      Burke is oblivious to sarcasm. Loop's pita is self-
      destructing. He eats faster, trying to finish before it falls
      apart.


                You guys got girlfriends?
                What am I saying? You gotta lot of
                girlfriends don't you? You got women
                sending you their panties. Two good-
                looking guys...
                    
                What do you say?


                    
                Pussy magnets.


                If I was not a happily married man I would be
                rubbing up against you to get some of that.
                    
                Some of the pussy power.

      Zack offers Loop a napkin. He passes.


                Actually, I'm settled down. Four years now.


                    
                No ring.


                Nothing legal.

      Draining the rest of his Coke, Burke gets up to dump his tray.


                    
                How about you?


                Same.


                This is a crime. You two should be out
                getting laid.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Loop stands nearby while Adam talks to no one in particular.


                Star light, star bright first star that I
                see tonight...




      Burke and Zack listen to a radio recorder.


                ...I wish I may, I wish I might...

      Burke turns the volume down, picks up his walkie-talkie.


                    
                That's good. I'm getting him.

      Through the windows, we can see Loop and Adam approaching. We
      hear low CHATTER as they talk.


                So, Zack. What does your girlfriend look
                like?


                About five-eight, brown hair, blue eyes.


                Hot.


                Yeah.


                She faithful?


                No. I don't think so.


                You faithful?


                Not anymore.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Burke drives, with Loop in the passenger seat and Adam and Zack
      in back.


                     
                Zack's girlfriend is fucking around on
                him.


                Man, I'm sorry. How did you find out?

      ON ADAM, corner of his eye.


                It's no big...I don't really want to get
                into it.


                C'mon, tell us.


                Absolutely. Tell us.

      There's a palpable tension between Adam and Zack. The others
      don't see it.


                I found socks.


                What, red socks, blue socks?


                White socks. You know how the good kind
                of socks have band around the ankle that
                keeps them from stretching out? When I
                moved in, every one of the socks had that.
                Suddenly, there was one sock that didn't.


                You hear that? We got John Sherlock
                Holmes in the car here.

      We pull into the parking lot of



      Adam turns on Zack.






                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Alright. But you've been fucking around,
                   too.


                   Only after I found out.


                   Huh.




      At the refrigerator section, both Adam and Zack reach for
      orange juice. Both back off. Adam motions, after you.


                   So, Zack. Do you know who your
                   girlfriend's fucking?

      He over-articulates, as if speaking for a Learn English Now!
      tape. Zack does likewise. Their animosity is palpable.


                   No, Adam. I do not. I have suspicions.
                   Mostly former boyfriends who keep
                   calling.


                   What a coincidence. I have the exact same
                   problem with my girlfriend. In fact, I
                   think she's been sleeping around on me,
                   too.


                   Isn't it ironic.


                   Don't you think?
                        
                   Maybe I should start checking for socks,
                   too.

      Zack's glare could strip paint.

      As Adam and Zack head for the front, we REVERSE to find Mannie
      and Claire, who have been watching the spat while restocking.


                   Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Zack pushes the cart past the checkstands, looking at each
      CASHIER -- they're all female. Adam is starting to panic. In
      near whispers...


                He's not here. What are we supposed to
                do? He's not here.


                We're going to ask. You're going to ask.


                Why me?


                You look more wholesome. Just improv.

      He steers the cart into Ronna's checkstand, where she's
      waiting on a Clutchy Old Woman who eyes everything
      suspiciously. Zack pulls out his cell phone, fake dials.


                Who are you calling?


                Nobody. I'm giving you an opening.




      Adam and Zack approach on either side of the car, get in the
      back. Burke and Loop are waiting.


                He wasn't there. The British guy, he
                wasn't there.


                No, we heard. You guys did great.


                This chick...
                    
                Ronna. You think she can score?


                Maybe.


                Probably.




                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Then that's all we need. It's all
                   connected. The circle of life.




      Waiting in The Beast, Mannie drums his fingers to the MUSIC.




      Claire is arguing with Ronna. She finally relents and goes
      upstairs with her.




      Burke is watching through binoculars. Adam, Zack and Loop are
      in the car with him.


                   Now they're both going. What's up with
                   that?




      Adam and Zack stand around as Burke gets the house ready,
      moving furniture and poofing pillows, as if it's remotely
      believable.


                   So if she gets the stuff, what, you arrest
                   her?


                   We try to bring her over.
                       
                   See, we arrest her and then what? One
                   crack whore off the street. So we cut her
                   a deal. She helps us get this guy. We
                   cut him a deal. He helps us get the guy
                   above him. It's just like what happened
                   with you.


                   So, sooner or later, everybody's working
                   for The Man.


                   Exactly.





                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



    Adam motions to leave it alone. Zack won't.


                      
                  She's coming up.

    Burke cracks his neck, showtime.







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                What if she isn't really a dealer though?
                If you just pulled her into this one
                thing, wouldn't that be entrapment?


                If she's making this deal, she's a dealer.
                Doesn't matter if its her first or her
                last.

      We stay on Zack, unconvinced.




      Zack looks over as Burke comes out of the kitchen.


                Cerveza?

      He hands Ronna the beer.


                    
                Oh yeah. Hey. We bought a whole bunch of
                orange juice. It's in the car.

      Ronna has halfway figured out what's going on.


                Now, Zack tells me you got 20 at 20, is
                that right?


                    
                You got a bathroom?


                Down the hall on the right.


                Let me show you...



      Stepping towards Ronna, his back to Burke.       He very
      deliberately mouths a silent...


                Go.

      Ronna sees it. Her eyes go wider. Zack nods.





                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      In the background, Burke is trying to look around. Ronna
      turns, heading down the hall. Up above, the camera is
      watching.

      For a just a second, Zack smiles.




      Burke SLAMS Zack up against the wall, twisting an arm behind
      him. He kicks his feet apart, then starts to cuff him. Zack
      is in considerable pain.


                       
                   Now watch what I do with his wrist. I
                   twist it away while I put on the second
                   cuff. That way he can't go after me. He
                   doesn't have any leverage.

      He releases his hold on Zack, his hands cuffed behind him.


                   I watch all these cop shows and they never
                   do it right. Pisses me off.

      Loop emerges from the back room, carrying a big box of
      videotapes on his way out.


                   Hey, feel the abs on this one.

      He rubs Zack's stomach.


                   You could scrub laundry on these.


                       
                   Full hands.

      Loop pauses at the door, looking around. He's forgotten
      something.


                   What?

      A beat. Loop can't remember what it was.


                   Nothing. I'm out of it. Merry Christmas,
                   guys. Good to meet you.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Adam waves. Zack nods. Loop shuts the door behind himself.
      Now its just the three men. An awkward beat.


                   We're done, now, right? That's what we
                   talked about. Whether or not the deal
                   went through, we just had to do our part.







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                You did your part.


                    
                Great. Well, hey. A pleasure.

      He turns to the side, offering Burke his handcuffs to undo.
      Burke makes no motion to do so.


                Now that he's gone, there's something I
                wanted to ask you guys about. Sort of a
                proposition.
                    
                See, my wife and I -- Irene, she's my wife
                -- we're both working on Christmas so
                we're gonna have Christmas dinner
                tonight. And I was thinking, maybe you
                guys would want to come over, eat some
                dinner with us. My wife is great, you'll
                love her, then I'll sign your form. How
                does that sound?

      A beat.


                Actually, you know, I had plans.


                You did?


                I do.


                With your girlfriend?


                Yes, Adam, in fact. With my girlfriend.


                Huh.
                    
                Wow, I can't believe I forgot this. I saw
                your girlfriend this morning, and she
                asked me to tell you that she couldn't
                make your plans tonight.

      Zack stares at Adam, a "why are you doing this" look.







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                    
                It looks like we're both free.




      Zack hits the alarm for his red Miata, which BWOOPS. He and
      Adam walk to the door, hostility simmering.

      A prefab Nativity scene glows beside the front door. Adam
      pushes the doorbell, which CHIMES "Hark Ye Herald Angels
      Sing." Horrified, Zack turns to leave. Adam stops him.




      Too tall for the room, a Christmas tree leans back in a corner.
      The rest of the living room is dominated by a giant leather
      sofa pit.

      Bored, Adam lifts a plate to check the imprint. He sets it
      down, straightening it. Now it's out of alignment with the
      other plates. He looks around casually. No one's watching.

      Circling the table, he fixes all the plates and moves
      silverware to its proper position.


                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Burke's wife IRENE is mashing potatoes with considerable zeal.
      Adam leans in, sees her dedication and tries to duck out. But
      she saw him.


                Yes? Hi?


                Sorry. Phone. Messages. Check?


                Here.

      She points. He sheepishly crosses to get it. While he's
      dialing, Irene starts in with the electric mixer. Butter.
      Milk. Salt. Adam doesn't know where to look while he's
      listening to his messages.

      He suddenly smiles. Irene notices and stops mixing.


                    
                They're singing Christmas carols. My
                family. Minnesota, they do that.

      She leans close to listen. Smiles. She continues to lean
      close -- uncomfortably close -- for a long beat.




      We hear a toilet FLUSH. Zack emerges from the bathroom to find
      Burke stark naked, rubbing his hands over his body.


                Sorry.


                No, stay for a sec.

      Burke sprays more cologne on his hand.


                Smell this. What does it smell like?

      Zack shakes his head, doesn't know.


                CK One. But it's not.





                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Really.


                   I get this for a quarter what that stuff
                   costs.


                   It's nice.


                   Here.

      He sprays some on Zack's hands, who didn't want it. While
      Burke turns to get some underwear, Zack tries to rub it off on
      the bedspread.


                       
                   It's down. So is the liner.


                   It is soft.


                   Get on.


                   That's okay.

      Burke pushes Zack back flat the bed.


                   Did you hear that?


                   Hear what?


                   Exactly. Individually wrapped springs.
                   Top quality.

      Burke climbs onto the bed beside him.


                   I could be doing aerobics over here and
                   you wouldn't feel it.


                   I sure wouldn't.

      A beat.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                So, Zack. Would you say you're open to
                new things?




      Irene is back whipping the potatoes.


                Of course you like your job. You get to
                kiss all those pretty girls.


                    
                It does have perks.

      Irene pops the beaters out of the mixer, hands one to Adam.
      They lick the potatoes off them.


                Tell me something. When you kiss those
                girls, you're not really kissing them,
                are you?


                It's a stage kiss. Your lips touch, but
                there's no tongue.


                There's no feeling. Nobody gets jealous.


                It's acting. It's not real.

      She takes his cleaned beater from him, dumps it in the sink.
      Turning back, she kisses him. Caught off guard, he backs into
      the refrigerator. It's a good three-second lip lock.

      She backs off. There's an awkward beat.


                See, now, that. There was a tongue there.


                Honey, red or white?

      Now dressed, Burke comes in with two bottles of wine. Zack is
      behind him at a distance, still creeped out from the bedroom
      encounter. He and Adam trade panicked stares.


                What goes with turkey?




                                                "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   White.




      Irene slides a plate under the candlestick, where wax is
      dripping onto the tablecloth. Burke tips the bottle at Adam.


                   More wine?


                   No. He doesn't want any more. Unless he
                   does, do you?


                   No.


                   This has been great, just wonderful, but
                   we're going to need to leave. Soon.
                   Adam's not feeling well.


                   I'm not. It's true.

      Burke and Irene share a look.


                   If you gotta go, then I understand.
                       
                   But Irene and I sort of had an ulterior
                   motive inviting you here.

      Zack looks to Adam.


                   He makes it sound sinister. It's not.


                   She's right. Okay, you've looked around
                   our place. Where do you think we got most
                   of this stuff?

      Adam and Zack shake their heads.


                   Just guess.


                   Sears?





                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   J.C. Penney's?

      Irene and Burke both smile.


                   It's actually from Confederated Products.
                   Almost everything in this house is from
                   Confederated Products, from the toilet
                   paper to the mattress to those candles.


                   The wine.


                   Even that cologne you liked.
                       
                   See, Confederated Products is a multi-
                   level direct wholesaling company. That
                   means we don't just sell the products
                   ourselves, we also recruit and manage
                   teams who work under us. Irene and I
                   started eight months ago and we're
                   already bringing in fifty thousand a year
                   in revenues.


                   We're the number four distributor in
                   Southern California. By March, we might
                   be number three.

      She crosses her fingers. So does Burke. We look to Zack,
      horrified.


                   Now, as law enforcement officers, Irene
                   and I can't recruit distributors from
                   inside the force. It's against the rules
                   and we'd get fired. So what we do is look
                   for people in other industries...


                   ...like the entertainment industry.


                   Wait.
                       
                   You want us to sell Amway.


                   Confederated Products. It's a different
                   company, different quality of product.





                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Zack and Adam share a look of disbelief and wonder.




      Walking to the Miata, Adam takes the keys. Zack folds a form.


                I need to do something terrifically
                unwholesome. I need to bathe in sin.


                With me, or one of your other boyfriends?




      Adam checks a low shelf for the right brand of scotch. Zack
      kneels beside him.


                I have cheated on you with exactly one
                guy.


                Ditto.


                Who?


                No. See, if I tell you, you will freak
                out and it will be drama. Bad not-funny
                Roseanne kind of drama and I am just not
                up for it.

      He finds the right brand.



      They wait in a short line.


                I'll tell you mine.


                No.


                Why not?







                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   You can't wait to tell me, can you?
                   You're gloating. You think yours is
                   better than mine.


                   I don't.


                   It's Sean Connery, isn't it?


                   Count of three.


                   Alright. Sure. Wait.
                       
                   Okay.

      With fingers, they both count off "One. Two. Three."



      Jimmy.                              Jimmy in makeup.


                   Jimmy?


                   Jimmy. Jimmy.

      They both stand for a moment, bewildered. It's their turn at
      the register. Adam sets the bottle down.

      A doorbell RINGS.




      An apartment door opens to reveal a chubby girl in sweats
       with a cordless phone and giant bowl of popcorn. She
      drops the former into the latter.


                   Is Jimmy here?


                   Oh my God. Oh. My God.

      She's thrilled and disbelieving at the same time. She fishes
      the phone out of the bowl.







                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                       
                   I'll call you back.
                       
                   Jimmy's not here. He went to this thing.
                   Let me find it.

      She can't decide whether to close the door on them or not, so
      she only shuts it halfway. She pokes her head out the door
      again.


                   You do know, don't you?


                   We know.


                   I take no responsibilty. I was only an
                   innocent bystander. But there was once
                   where you missed each other by three
                   minutes. It was so exciting.

      She finds what she was looking for on the back of the door.
      Peels off a printed card.


                   It's some sort of rave thing.


                       
                   Mary Xmas Supafest.


                   He left an hour ago.

      Adam and Zack head back down the hall. She calls out after
      them.


                   You're not going to kill him, are you?
                   The little shit owes me rent.




      At the doors, BOUNCERS stamp hands. We move down the line of
      people waiting to get in, stopping on Adam and Zack.


                   Okay, I just have to say this. The thing
                   is, about Jimmy, he wasn't even that good.





                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   I know.


                   Mediocre at best. And the sounds he made,
                   God. It was like having sex with Nell.

      Adam imitates the MOAN.


                   Somewhere off Greenland, hunchback whales
                   were beaching themselves.


                   And the ear thing. Hello, I have Q-Tips.
                   That's really not necessary.


                   The only thing I will give him credit for
                   is the oral.


                   What do you mean? He was terrible. At
                   some point I just had to stop him and
                   correct years of bad technique. I had to
                   take him by the ears and retrain him from
                   the throat up.

      A beat.


                   When was that?


                   October, maybe?


                   Early October. And he suddenly got so
                   much better.

      A beat.


                   That is so disturbing. It's like you were
                   there.




      Claire cuts through the crowd with two empty cups, in search of
      beverage.






                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      A sloe-eyed blonde boy  makes friendly with the
      BARTENDER, who is too busy to flirt. Rebuffed, Jimmy scans the
      crowd.

      Zack comes up behind him, grabs him by the waist. Jimmy
      smiles, kisses him hello.

      Adam comes up from the other side, blows in Jimmy's ear. Jimmy
      is so coked up that it takes him a beat to make the connection.
      Zack plus Adam equals bad.

      He smiles nervously.

      Zack takes a pair of child safety scissors from his jacket.
      Confused, Jimmy tries to back away. Adam holds him tight.
      Grabbing a fistful of hair, Zack cuts it off at the scalp. He
      lets the hair fall to the floor.

      Tucking away the scissors, he and Adam walk off.




      The tiny Miata maneuvers through the badly organized parking
      lot, trying to find the way out.




      Zack gives directions from the passenger seat.


                   Right. This right. This right!
                       
                   That was the right you wanted.

      Adam ignores him, convinced he can get out this way. A beat
      later, it dead-ends in a chain link fence.

      Zack points to his lips. He didn't say a word.

      Adam slams it in reverse, backtracking. He's doing about 20
      when suddenly we hear a loud THUMP!

      By instinct, he SLAMS on the brakes.

      Something CRASHES down on the soft roof.


                   What the fuck!







                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Ronna's face suddenly slams down on the windshield, bleeding
      already. Both men SCREAM. Her eyes are open, staring at them.
      After a beat, they recognize her.


                   Oh my God.


                   It's...It's that girl.


                   Ronna.

      Her body continues its slide across the windshield, finally
      resting on the hood. In a sort of spasm, Adam REVS back,
      shaking the body off. It drops beyond the headlights.

      Zack looks past Adam to see Gaines standing there, gun drawn.


                   Go. Go. Go!


                   What if she's...


                   Go!

      Adam pops the clutch and they lurch backward, out of there.



      Gaines steps out to watch them go.




      We stay at ditch-level as the headlights retreat.




      The Miata is parked at the far island.




      Adam steadies his hands on the wheel. Zack passes him the
      scotch. He takes a gulp, passes it back. The energy is still
      revved up to 11 -- we don't let ourselves catch a breath.







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Let's think about it logically. Either
                   she's alive, or she's dead. If she's
                   dead, then there's nothing we can do. If
                   she's alive, then the guy with the gun,
                   who seemed to want to shoot her, probably
                   did shoot her.


                   So even if she's alive, she's dead.


                   Exactly.

      Adam takes another drink.


                   On the plus side, the only witnesses are
                   you, me and him. And none of us are going
                   to want to be talking about it. So if you
                   really think about it, it didn't turn out
                   as badly as it could have.


                   A girl is dead.


                       
                   I didn't say it went perfectly.

      Adam gets out of the car, walks away. Zack takes another swig.




      Adam stops at a payphone. A long moment before he reaches for
      the receiver. With a breath, he dials 911.


                   911 Emergen...

      He hangs up.




      Zack dunks the squeegee back in the bucket. With a wad of
      paper towels, he cleans the hood of the car.


                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Washing his face, Adam looks at his reflection in the scratched
      mirror. He steps to the urinal, unbuttons.

      Before he can start to piss, he notices something strange. He
      looks down at his crotch.




      Zack throws away the last of the towels as Adam approaches.

      With a finger to his lips, Adam holds out a mess of tape and
      wires, all connected to a battery pack. It's the microphone he
      was wearing.


                Holy sh...

      He stops himself. Adam throws the bundle as far as he can.
      They keep their voices low anyway.


                They wouldn't have been listening all
                this time.


                Hello, they could have been recording it.
                Everything we said could be on tape
                somewhere. They would know we did it.

      A beat.


                    
                What if we were just running lines? For a
                scene?

      Adam won't even dignify that with an answer. A long moment,
      just the BUZZ of the lights overhead. With an almost eerie
      calm...


                There's a pretty good chance no one's
                found her yet.


                They will.







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   No. Listen. If there's no body, there's
                   no crime.




      The Supafest is still RAGING in the distance. Adam digs
      through the trunk of the convertible, frantically rearranging
      the junk inside. He keeps looking around the lid, waiting for
      someone to sneak up on them.

      Zack watches Adam's fruitless arranging efforts.


                   Stop. Okay, stop!


                   What?


                   It's a Miata.

      All Adam's effort, he's made enough room for a pizza. Maybe.


                   We'll put her in the passenger seat.


                   Where will I...Or you...


                   In the passenger seat. Holding her up.

      Adam shudders at the thought.

      With a flashlight, Zack jumps down into the ditch. He nudges
      Ronna's body with his foot. She's dead alright.

      He rolls the body over, grabbing under her arms. He tries to
      hoist her up, but she's too heavy and the ditch is too deep.


                   Little help?


                       
                   I can't.


                   What do you mean?






                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   I can't do this.

      Frustrated, Zack tries again to lug the body out. He can't do
      it by himself. Meanwhile, Adam is starting to hyperventilate,
      tears swelling.


                   Okay, listen to me...


                   She's dead.


                   She's not dead.


                   She's dead. I hit her and I killed her.

      He looks around, expecting someone to walk up and see them.


                   No you didn't, okay? This is all just
                   make-believe. This is a scene. She's
                   just acting dead. And you're just acting
                   scared.

      Adam laughs to himself, still crying.


                   See, there's the lights, and there's the
                   camera. Watch your blocking.
                       
                   There's Michelle in wardrobe, say "Hi,
                   Michelle!"


                   Hi, Michelle.


                   The craft service truck is right around
                   the corner, and they have lots of little
                   veggie burgers on the grill. And you can
                   have one if you just help me finish this
                   scene.
                       
                   Can you smell them? Can you smell them on
                   the grill?

      A beat.


                   I'm not delusional.




                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                Then take her fucking arms!

      Obeying, Adam grabs Ronna's wrists as Zack pushes from below.
      Together they get the body out of the ditch. Zack climbs up to
      help maneuver her into the car. Just then...

      Ronna MOANS.

      Adam freaks out, dropping his side. Ronna's head hits the
      dirt. Louder MOANING.


                She's not dead.


                No shit!

      They stand back, watching Ronna MOAN as she lies half-in, half-
      out of the car.


                If she's not dead, that means we didn't
                kill her. We can just leave her.


                She's almost dead. We leave her and she
                dies, why did we bother coming back? I
                mean, you still killed her.


                What do you mean, I killed her?


                Christ, I didn't mean it that way. C'mon.
                I would never testify against you.

      Adam is not reassured.


                We have to stick with Plan A.


                In Plan A she was dead.

      Zack reaches into the car, pulling out The Club. Trades a look
      with Adam, who finally acquieces. Almost says something,
      doesn't. They both look around, making sure no one's coming.

      Zack grips the bar like a baseball bat. Adam turns his back,
      covering his ears.

      Zack raises the bar. Adam scrunches his face tight.




                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      Zack takes two quick breaths. And holds.

      And holds. And holds.

      Adam opens his eyes, looks back. Zack isn't swinging. He
      lowers the bar. They both breathe again, relieved.


                Okay. New plan.




      A CAR ALARM drones incessantly, the siren interrupted with an
      occasional


                Back away from the vehicle.

      Weaving through some parked cars, we settle on an angry BMW,
      its lights flashing. A small throng of RAVERS have gathered
      around to look, because Ronna's limp body lies on the hood.

      A familiar face pushes through the crowd, just arrived.


                Hey, it's Kelly. Somebody beat the crap
                out of her.

      Moving to find...


                Somebody call an ambulance!

      After a beat, he realizes he should do it himself. He takes
      off running.



      look around from the edge of a van in the distance.


                Look, she's fine. They're getting an
                ambulance. She's fine.

      Adam keeps watching, not convinced. He turns back, a
      thought...


                What about that guy? The guy with the
                gun. He could still go after her.






                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   Okay, listen. Girl in ditch -- that's our
                   problem. Girl out of ditch -- that's her
                   own problem. We're done. We did the
                   right thing.

      Thunder RUMBLES overhead. Off Adam's look...


                   Okay, approximately the right thing. In a
                   half-assed, thrown-together fashion.

      Adam smiles despite himself. Zack points, "See? See?" That
      just makes Adam smile more.


                   Home?


                   Home.

      As they walk off, we leave the Mary Xmas Supafest still BLARING
      in the distance.




      Too early for the brunch crowd, just a smattering of vampires.
      All around, Christmas lights are strung with mad abandon.

      The lights overhead FLICKER. Everyone looks up. That's when
      we come to find



      sitting alone at a booth by the window, disassembling a
      newspaper. He finds the comics.







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 


      Laying the paper flat, he tears off the bottom corner of the
      page and starts reading like a kid, his whole body leaning over
      the table.

      At the door, Claire comes in, shaking the rain out of her hair.
      After a beat, she does it again, as if she doesn't remember
      doing it the first time. She's tired and wired, all nerves and
      raw edges. There's static only she can feel.

      She looks right past Gaines, out to the rain on the street. He
      watches her, but doesn't try to catch her eye. The Jamaican
      WAITER walks past her with a pot of coffee.


                   Anywhere you want.


                   I'm meeting people.

      He doesn't care. Claire takes a seat at the table in front of
      her, but it's not to her liking. Then a booth. She plays with
      the salt shakers. Bad.

      It's only now that she sees Gaines watching her. At first she
      doesn't recognize him. Then a light goes on. She climbs over
      the booth and into his, facing him.


                   Hey.


                   Hey.


                   We're twins.

      She turns over his hand, compares it to hers. They both have
      the same ink stamp on the back. He's busted, no way to talk
      himself out.

      The Waiter comes with coffee, refills Gaines' cup.

      Claire overturns the cup in front of her. The Waiter fills it.
      She overturns a second cup, points to it. A big weird smile.
      Reluctantly, the Waiter fills that too. Then leaves.


                   I'll pay you back for breakfast.
                       
                   Don't worry. I'm not really that hungry.

      She sheds her coat, having great difficulty with one sleeve.






                                      "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                Have you seen Ronna? Or Mannie?

      He shakes his head.


                See, when we go out, we always meet here
                afterwards in case we get separated.








                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 

                           CLAIRE 
                It happens more than you'd think. I've
                been paging her, but she hasn't called
                back.

      The lights FLICKER again, storm still raging.

      Halfway into getting her coat off, Claire has second thoughts,
      but continues nonetheless. Gaines is taken off-balance, his
      private space violated.

      Claire finally looks up at Gaines, smiles. A beat.


                Unless you wanted to eat alone.


                No. It's fine.




      Gaines scrapes the last of his eggs off the plate. Claire sits
      with two pieces of toast, untouched. She takes the scrap of
      the newspaper he tore off, looks at it.


                What do you have against The Family
                Circus?


                It's evil.


                Besides that.


                Okay. Location mostly. Bottom right
                corner, just waiting there to suck. It's
                the last thing you read, and it spoils
                everything you read before it.


                You could just not read it.


                I hate it, yet I'm uncontrollably drawn to
                it. Are you going to...

      He points to her toast. She slides it over. He slathers on a
      thick coat of jelly.


                Do you know what I like about you?





                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  What?


                  I'm asking. I don't know. It's not your
                  face, because you're only medium cute. I
                  think what it is, is you might be the
                  first non-fake person I've met here.


                  Me.


                  I'm serious.


                  Professional curiousity. What are you
                  on?


                  Ginseng and lotsa caffeine.

    Gaines leaves money for the check.

    A beat. Claire looks around at the various decorations: a red
    tree by the door, snowflakes on the window, lights blinking on
    the wall.







                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                You know what I like best about Christmas?
                The surprises. It's like, you get this
                box, and you're sure you know what's in
                it. You shake it, you weigh it, and
                you're totally convinced you have it
                pegged. No doubt in your mind.
                But then you open it up, and it's
                something completely different. Bing!
                Wow! Bang! Surprise! I mean, it's like
                you and me here.

      She smiles. She has a bewitching smile.


                I'm not saying this is anything it's not.
                But, c'mon. This time yesterday, who'dda
                thunk it?




      Claire kisses Gaines, pinning him against the wall. Rain BEATS
      against the door.

      She fumbles with his belt. His hand slides under her jacket,
      trying to undo her bra. They take a break from undressing to
      kiss harder.

      Reclining on the steps, Claire tries to push his jeans down
      with her toes. Her foot gets caught in the chain from his
      wallet. Her butt slides down a step. They laugh.

      Her hand hits something hard -- his gun. It's tucked into his
      jacket pocket.

      As they start to work up a rhythm, Huxley the cat comes down
      the steps, curious. He brushes against them, unnoticed.
      Finally, he MEWS.


                    
                How did you get out?

      He looks to the top of the stairs, where a MAN is watching
      them.

      It's Victor.







                                          "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      He has the silver .45 drawn on them. Gaines looks down to the
      door at the bottom. Vic Jr. is blocking it. They're trapped.
      Claire looks around, trying to figure out what's happening.







      Gaines draws a map for Victor on the coffee table.


                   Simon's apartment is around the back --                              *
                   the gate's always open. Now, you're going
                   to take Sunset to Hyperion.                                          *
      As he's talking, we MOVE to reveal Vic Jr. by the door, holding                   *
      the gun on them, and Claire, sitting on the couch beside
      Gaines.                                                                           *

                   At Hillhurst, you have to keep right --                              *
                   you want Sunset Boulevard, not Sunset                                *
                   Drive.                                                               *

                                                                             *
                   Why don't you just drive him there? Maybe                            *
                   you could help pull the trigger.                                     *
      Gaines gives her a look. Victor takes the map and folds it.                       *
      He hands Gaines back his credit card.

      Just then, we hear a SOUND at the door -- a gentle KNOCK. All                     *
      eyes go to look.                                                                  *
      CLOSE ON the doorknob, someone trying it. It's unlocked. We                       *
      TILT UP to reveal the opener is actually...                                       *

      He charges right into the room, shutting the door behind him.                     *

                   Todd, listen, I need hide out here. You                              *
                   won't believe the shit we got into in...                             *
      He sees Victor. He immediately reaches for his gun, but                           *







                                           "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



    is right behind him. He yanks Simon's gun away, then half-                         *
    pushes, half-carries him forward, slamming him down


    Claire and Gaines both scoot back, freaked. Vic Sr. puts the                       *
    gun to Simon's head.                                                               *
    Panicked, Simon squirms, trying to look around. His face is                        *
    mushed against the glass.                                                          *

                  How was your drive? We flew.

    Victor hands the gun off to Vic Jr., who rests it at the back                      *
    of Simon's head. Simon is moments away from execution.                             *
    All at once...                                                                     *

    HeyHeyHey. Not here, not now.          Please no. God! Shit! I                    *
    This is so not where you want          don't wanna die.                           **
    to be doing this.                                                                 *

                  Do it.                                                               *
    Vic Jr. COCKS the gun. Simon SQUEALS. At the last moment...                        *

                  Wait! Stop! STOP! You can't do this!                                 *
                  You won't get away with it!                                          *
    For a brief moment, she has their attention. She points to                         *
    herself.                                                                           *

                  Hello, witness.                                                      *
                                                                             *
                  Witness. What are you going to do, kill                              *
                  us too?                                                              *
    Gaines looks over, thanks for bringing that up. But Claire                         *
    still has the floor.                                                               *

                  What is wrong with you people? Do you
                  think this is an effective way of dealing
                  with problems?


                  This fuck shot my boy.                                               *





                                      "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               ...in the arm.

     Vic Jr. leans on him, shut up.                                               *

                   
               So, what? You're going to kill three                               *
               people?                                                            *
                   
               What do you actually want?


               Justice.

     A look between all parties.






     Sitting in the green chair, Simon makes an `X' on his bicep
     with a marker. He feels for the bone.


               It's all flesh here, it should be okay.

     Gaines and the Vics stand around him. In the background,
     Claire is dubious and horrified.

     Vic Jr. puts Todd's gun to the `X.' Gaines hands Simon a shirt
     to mop up the blood.


               Right, great.

     On some sick level, he's really into this.

     Vic Jr. gets ready to shoot. Everyone subtly backs away,
     bracing for the gunshot. Three. Two. One.

     But there's no bang.                                                         *
     Everyone looks at Vic Jr. He pulls the gun away.                             *

               I can't.                                                           *







                                  "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




What do you mean you can't?           It's hard to shoot somebody              *
                                who knows they're gonna be               **
You pull the fucking trigger.         shot. It's dif'rent.                     *

             It's all right. Really.                                            *
Claire rolls her eyes -- this is going to take forever. While                   *
the Vic's argue, Claire grabs her coat and purse.                               *

             Where are you going?                                               *

             I gotta get to work.                                               *
Todd doesn't want her to leave, but really, what can he say?                    *
Everyone turns to watch Claire leave.                                           *

             Look, now the girl's leaving.                                      *

             See you, Claire.                                                   *
We follow her out the door. As she exits...


             Be good!

In the background, the Vic Jr. is psyching himself up again.                    *



Claire shuts the door behind her. As she's headed for the
steps, we hear a GUNSHOT. She flinches but keeps walking.


             I'm okay!


                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      [See Scene 176]




      Ronna wakes up, a bit at a time, an IV dripping overhead. We
      hear carolers SINGING in the distance.

      Her nose crinkles, her tongue finds her lips. Finally a
      swollen eye opens, looks around. A MEXICAN FAMILY is gathered
      around the other bed in the room, the father dressed as Santa
      Claus.

      Ronna sees the IV dangling from her arm. She sits up with
      difficulty, a head rush. She tries to get her bearings, but
      genuinely doesn't know how she got here.

      After a beat, she rips off the tape and carefuly pulls the
      needle out of her arm.




      It's stopped raining, but the pavement is still wet.




      Ronna slides her time card into the machine, which PUNCHES
      down.




      Ronna ties her apron as she heads to the front, limping a bit.




      Claire finishes bagging groceries. Looks up to see Ronna
      coming to open the next register.


                Hey.

      Claire doesn't say anything, a pointed silence.

      Ronna keys in, checks the drawer. Claire returns to her
      register. Ronna tries to make eye contact, but no luck.





                                        "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                  Okay, real mature.

    Claire continues to ignore her, turning her back. She
    straightens coupons, rubber-banding them.


                  Claire.

    Nothing. A beat. Finally...


                  Alright. Mistakes were made. Things
                  didn't go exactly as planned.

    Claire's eyes -- understatement.


                  But it wasn't exactly a banner night for
                  me, either.

    Claire stops, disbelieving -- if Ronna only knew. She turns on
    her, then back to the register, holding it in. But she just has
    to face her to say...


                  You are constantly using us.


                  Using you? You use me. Come on,
                  if it weren't for me, you would be sitting
                  home every night eating popcorn and
                  watching reruns of 90210.


                      
                  Mannie is your chauffeur, and I am...
                      
                  I am some chick you leave sitting in an
                  apartment.


                      
                  That is such bullshit. Mannie does not
                  feel that way. Ask him. Ask him! Where
                  is he?


                  Why would I know?

    A beat. A cold horror crosses Ronna. Remaining calm...






                                      "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




               He drove you here, didn't he?


               No, I got a ride. His car was still in
               the parking lot when I left.


               Oh shit. Shit!

     Without even closing her register, she takes off her apron and
     heads for the door.


                                            "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 







                      
                  Mannie? Mannie?

      Ronna limps ahead. A taxicab waits in the background.





                  Mannie! Mannie!

      All the alleys look the same. He could be anywhere.




      A stray   black cat scratches through a pile of foam peanuts,
      looking   for bugs. Another cat crawls up the body of Mannie,
      propped   against the dumpster. A trickle of water drips off the
      garbage   onto his face. The cat licks it clean.

      Mannie smiles.





                  Mannie! Can you hear me?


                  Yeah!

      Ronna turns to see Mannie behind her, stretching his neck.
      He's pale. His eyes are bloodshot. But otherwise, he's fine.


                  You look like shit.




      The Beast is the only car left. Ronna and Claire circle,
      looking for the keys on the ground. Calling out...


                  You fucked Todd Gaines?







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                   No!
                       
                   We made out.


                       
                   Made out?


                   Kissed. A little. What?


                   Hello! He's a drug dealer.

      Claire doesn't want this to go any further. Fortunately, just
      then...


                   Found `em.

      She shakes the mud and grime off, then throws them to Ronna.
      Mannie lies back on the trunk, droopy.







                                         "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 




                      
                  You might have brain damage from
                  overdosing.


                  Dain brambage?

      A beat.


                  Xavier Kugat. Starts with X.


                  You shit.

      She puts him in the car, holding his head like he's a criminal
      on "Cops."


                  I'll drive.

      Ronna hands her the keys over the roof of the Beast, sunlight
      shining off the gathered rain. They take a beat, just the two
      of them.


                  So, do you have enough money to pay off
                  your rent?


                  And twenty left over. Maybe I'll open a
                  savings account.




      Claire starts the car. Mannie leans up from the back seat.


                  So what are we doing for New Year's?

      Ronna smiles.


                  Merry Christmas, Mannie.





      ROARS off across the parking lot, TITLE MUSIC building.





                                       "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 



      We PAN BACK to the rave hangar, heading for it, picking up
      speed. A MATCH CUT takes us to...




      We HEAR a rave in full swing ahead. The hangar door is open,
      pitch black inside. We fly in, bringing us to...






                                             "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 











      Simon awakes to POUNDING at the front door. He stands and
      turns, disoriented, no idea when or where he is. He finally
      finds a clock -- it's 4:14 in the afternoon.

      More POUNDING at the door. Simon half-crawls to the window,
      looking out to see who's at the door.



      From this angle, all we can see is the sleeve of a man's
      jacket.


                       
                   Who is it?

      He ducks, expecting a hail of gunfire.


                   It's Todd.

      A beat, then Simon finally drops his panic. He keeps the gun
      in hand as he pulls the chair away from the doorknob and slowly
      undoes the lock. He leaves the chain on.

      Looking out through the crack, we see Gaines, alone.


                   Jesus, Todd. Thank God.
                       
                   You won't believe the shit I've been
                   through...

      Without a word, Gaines grabs him by the collar and SMASHES him,
      one punch to the face. Simon falls in a dazed lump to the
      floor. We stay down with him as we watch Gaines walk away.

      Simon blinks and sniffles as we once again




                                       "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      Adam and Zack scrub the Miata's upholstery with brushes and
      various cleaners, trying to get the bloodstains out. Zack
      stops for a moment, watching Adam. Adam looks up, what?
      Nothing. A quiet beat, the first moment of genuine affection
      between them.

      Suddenly we hear a BEEPING. We can't tell where it's coming
      from.

      Following the sound, Adam finds a mud-encrusted beeper wedged
      between the seat and the center console. He looks up to Zack,
      then checks the number.






                                       "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions 






      [NOTE: These are wild lines to play underneath scenes 6A, 57A
      and 121A. Since these scenes are longer than before, we need
      extra soap opera in the background before we get to Adam and
      Zack.]


                Somethin' about it just didn't add up.
                So last night I went back to the pier
                to do some investigating of my own.
                Turns out there are two boats named the
                Princess. Only, one just got back from
                two weeks at sea -- Sal Dominico's
                boat. It got me thinkin' -- if Chase
                really did know Carmen was on to him,
                how come he didn't tell Lucas, or
                Gamble, or Myerson? Why would he drive
                up to Pinecliff by himself? And why
                would you still have his briefcase?
                    
                Answer me that, Danielle. If you have
                an answer.

      MUSIC rises, a scene cut.

      New MUSIC leads into...


                I'm not the man you're looking for.


                We both know you were on the pier. You
                saw what happened to Carmen.


                Don't forget, detective. I was cleared
                of all charges.


                I don't care how many high-priced lawyers
                you bring in. Eden Valley will never
                stand for your kind of scum.

