


                          
                         
                         

                         
                         
                         
                                Written by

                               Kevin Lehane


                         
                         
                         
                         

                                  November 10, 2010
                         
                               Production Draft - PINK
                              Revised, November 16, 2010
                         
                               Production Draft - BLUE
                              Revised, November 19, 2010
                         
                              Production Draft - YELLOW
                              Revised, November 28, 2010
                         
                               Production Draft - GREEN
                              Revised, December 10, 2010
                         
                               Production Draft - GOLD
                              Revised, January 28, 2011
                         
                         
                         
                         
                         

                         

                         
          Across the inky swell, a river of moonlight cuts a path to a
          lonely fishing tug drifting with the tide. THE MERRY WIDOW.
                         

                         
          A light bulb waltzes with the sway of the boat. Three shabby
          Irish fishermen unwind after dinner, playing cards.
                         
          The eldest and scruffiest  reveals his hand to a
          young deckhand . Read 'em and weep.
                         

                     You can't be serious?
                         
          Laughing, the Skipper unspools himself from the cramped table
          as he and ROY, the bloated first-mate, clamber above deck.
                         

                     Every bloody night.
                         

                         
          Roy and the Skipper check the hauled in nets, until ...
                         
          A SILENT ARC OF LIGHT SLICES ACROSS THE SKY.     It careens
          downwards in a furious trajectory and --
                         
          BOOM!!   A mile off their port it collides with the sea.
                         

                     Did you see that?
                         

                     ... Yeah.
                         

                     A flare?
                         
          The Skipper watches the water.     Unsure.
                         
          Greg leaps on deck brandishing a clutch of cards.
                         

                     Ye cheated! There's five aces!    I
                     counted 'em!
                         
          The Skipper brushes past Greg, distracted.
                         

                     Secure the lines.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          2.
                         
                         
          Greg looks to Roy.
                         

                    Not so funny now, huh?
                         
          Roy plucks one of the five aces from Greg's hand and flips it
          over. Its backing is red.
                         

                    It's from a different deck, ya
                    muppet.
                         
          He sticks it to Greg's damp forehead and carries on as
          ordered. Greg turns the remaining aces over. They're blue.
                         

                    ... Shite.
                         

                         
          Foam rises as bubbles crest violently. Closing in, the Merry
          Widow casts its searchlight across the churning surf.
                         

                         
          The Skipper steers carefully, holding a radio mic.
                         


                    Haven Point. Haven Point. Haven
                    Point. This is Fishing tug Merry
                    Widow. Call sign echo whiskey
                    niner ait fife. Position five
                    nautical miles west of Erin Island.
                    Responding to unknown distress
                    flare. Over.
                         
          The Skipper pulls back on the throttle, sloshing to a stop.
                         
          He taps the sonar screen.     A hazy shadow engulfs the readout.
                         

                    Definitely something ...
                         

                    Over there!
                         
          Roy shines his flashlight over the rail.
                         

                    There's something in the water!
                         
          Suddenly Roy wheels overboard, yanked into the murky sea.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           3.
                         
                         
          The Skipper drops the mic and rushes to the rail with Greg.
                         

                    Roy!
                         
          Roy's glowing flashlight bobs in the water.
                         

                    Can you see him?!
                         
          A hundred yards off on the opposite starboard side, far
          behind them, Roy surfaces SCREAMING!
                         
          Greg and the Skipper rush to the starboard rail.
                         
          Roy's gurgled, tortured cries mist in the air.
                         
          The Skipper snaps into action.   Seconds count.
                         

                    Don't lose him!
                         
          Greg points, fixing Roy's position.
                         
          The Skipper grabs a lifebuoy, lights it up and throws.
                         

                    Roy! Don't panic, mate.     Swim for
                    the buoy!
                         

                    C'mon, Roy, kick!
                         
          Roy's head strains the surface, his arms flailing in agonised
          spasms ...
                         
          ... And then silence as he goes under.   The sound of water
          sloshes and laps against the hull.
                         
          The Skipper stares hopelessly at the water.      Greg's pointed
          hand trembles. He lowers it.
                         
          The Skipper shoves a lifejacket into Greg's chest.
                         

                    Put it on.
                         

                    What happened?
                         

                    Just do it, boy.
                         
          Greg does, fumbling.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          4.
                         
                         
          The Skipper loads a flare gun and aims it overhead -- WHOOSH!
          The glowing red beacon graffities the starry sky.
                         


                       Merry Widow. Merry Widow. This is
                       Coastguard Haven Point. Please
                       respond. Over.
                         

                       Radio a mayday!
                           
                       Move!
                         
          Greg scrambles back to the helm --
                         

                         
          -- and snatches the radio mic.
                         


                       Mayday-Mayday-Mayday.

                       Merry Widow, uh, echo whiskey niner
                       ait fife. Man overboard. Man
                       overboard. Emergency assistance
                       required. Position --
                         
          The Skipper scans the glassy sea with a flashlight.
                         


                         
          Subtly at first, the buoy's bight of rope twinges.    The
          Skipper sees it. His eyes narrow --
                         
          -- it jerks like a fishing line.    The Skipper grabs it and
          reels it in.
                         

                       C'mon, Roy, mate. Fight.
                         

                         
          The buoy's rope moves towards the boat.
                         

                         
          Suddenly the trawler keels steeply.     Greg grips the fittings
          for support as debris rains on him.
                         

                       Jesus Christ!
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011             5.
                         
                         

                       Received Mayday, Merry Widow.
                       Emergency rescue team dispatched.
                       How many aboard? Over.
                         
          Water laps over Greg's feet as the boat rights itself.       Greg
          surveys the flooded deck. The Skipper's gone.
                         


                       Please hurry.
                         

                       Hold your position, Merry Widow,
                       rescue chopper on its way. Over.
                         
          Greg drops the mic and edges outside.
                         

                         
          The deck swims with water.      Greg holds his breath, listening.
                         

                       Skipper?
                         
          The abandoned C.B. mic swings to and fro.        Almost playfully.
                         

                       Merry Widow, how many aboard?
                       Over.
                         
          Greg rounds the pilothouse, breathing heavily.
                         
          Suddenly what looks like a weird, headless black snake feels
          its way towards his boots. Greg turns and bolts.
                         
          He scrambles to the stern amongst the nets and snatches a
          gutting-knife with both hands.
                         
          Trapped against the rail, panting, he prays for help but --
                         
          -- HE'S DRAGGED OVERBOARD.      His legs round in the air as he
          cascades into the sea.
                         

                         
          Just beyond the Merry Widow, he surfaces gasping.
                         

                       Oh Jesus.    Oh Jesus.   Oh Jes--
                         
          He's gone.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       6.
                         
                         

                         
          In the moonlight the isolated Merry Widow reposes mournfully.
                         

                         

                         
          CIARÁN O'SHEA lies face down on a sofa. His bed for the
          night. He gropes a dry bottle of whiskey as a mobile phone
          RINGS. He stirs awake. It's no surprise he looks like
          shite, but to be fair he's not bad looking after a wash.
                         

                    Uh ... Yeah?
                         
          Someone we'll meet later as SGT KENIFICK replies.
                         

                        
                    O'Shea, I take it you've left
                    already because if you haven't,
                    you're late. That ferry gets in at
                    nine.
                         
          O'Shea rises, eyes closed.       Mouth dry.
                         

                    Where are you?
                         

                    ... On the way.
                         

                    So you're in the car?
                         

                    ... Yeah ...
                         

                    So you're driving while on the
                    phone?!
                         

                    ... No.
                         

                    In the name of God, I don't b--
                         
          O'Shea hangs up and drops his whiskey bottle in a bin where
          it CLATTERS with yesterday's bottle, and the day before's.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          7.
                         
                         

                         
          An isolated house at the foothills of a mountain.    A white
          Garda patrol jeep leaves the scene and --
                         

                         
          -- rambles along the sunny coast.   At the wheel, O'Shea is a
          very hungover, droopy eyed Garda.
                         

                         
          Lush green hills and whitewashed bungalows, pastel beaches
          and multi-coloured fishing boats. Enchanting.
                         

                         
          Colourful crowds of FAMILIES  file onto
          the MAINLAND FERRY as it lies moored in the harbour.
                         
          GARDA LISA NOLAN hustles through the masses dragging a
          trolley bag and passing a sign that reads:
                         

                             Welcome to Erin Island
                         
          Lisa opens a map and wrestles with it in the wind.   Soon
          defeated, it blows out of her hands.
                         

                    Shit!
                         
          She chases it as if running down a mugger but it lifts
          skyward and twirls haughtily in the air.
                         
          Suddenly inching towards her, driving with all the panache of
          an abandoned shopping trolley, comes O'Shea. Bleary-eyed and
          hunched over, he drops his window before her.
                         

                    Well?
                         

                    Howya. O'Shea, is it? Ciarán?     We
                    spoke on the phone. I'm Garda
                    Nolan, Lisa.
                         

                    You're not serious?
                         
          She considers his bedraggled appearance.   He looks like he
          wants to vomit on her.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         8.
                         
                         

                    Yeah, well. Just being polite.
                         

                    Are ya gettin' in or what?
                         

                    I have a bag.
                         
          He pops the boot and gazes back at the road, waiting.
                         

                         
          Tyres SPLASH and CRASH in the war against potholes.
                         

                         
          The jeep follows the mountain road ...
                         

                         
          Wincing, O'Shea hugs the wheel feeling every agonising bump.
          A locket of Lisa's slick ponytail comes undone. She quickly
          yanks it back giving herself a face lift in the process.
                         
          O'Shea belches under his breath and Lisa flinches.    She pulls
          a packet of mints from her bag.
                         

                    Would you like a mint?
                         
          O'Shea stares at them, then at her.    Barely reading the road.
                         

                    Nah thanks, they give me heartburn.
                         
          He belches again as they jostle over another pothole. Lisa
          drops her window and her hair erupts in the sea breeze.
                         

                         
          O'Shea and Lisa arrive at the station.   Home from home.
                         

                         
          Across the grassy dunes, DR JIM GLEESON walks his dog. For a
          health practitioner, he just preaches. He flings a stick for
          his eager collie and it gallops over a dune.
                         
          Dr Gleeson follows, rising over the hill and stops cold as he
          sees across the strand: A POD OF PILOT WHALES LAY BEACHED.
                GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        9.
                         
                         

                         
          SGT KENIFICK wipes a thumb along his desk. On the verge of
          retirement he looks more like tourist in his sunshine holiday
          garb. He rises to greet O'Shea and Lisa.
                         

                    Garda Nolan, lovely to have you.
                    O'Shea, you look like shite. Would
                    you go way and shave.
                         

                        
                    A bit eager aren't ya?
                         


                    Smooth crossing?
                         

                    Smoother than most.
                         

                    Coffee?
                         

                    That'd be great, thanks.
                         
          Lisa hands O'Shea a mug from her bag.    He regards it.
                         

                    So what do you think of the place?
                         

                    It's gorgeous, isn't it?
                         

                    'Tis indeed.
                         

                    And quiet as shite.
                         
          Kenifick and Lisa glance at O'Shea.
                         


                    Milk?
                         

                    Uhm, what kind?
                         

                    Cows.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           10.
                         
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa consider each other.     Lines firmly drawn.
                         

                    I'll take it black, thanks.
                         
          Kenifick's mobile RINGS and he silences it.
                         

                    So you can have my desk while I'm
                    gone. O'Shea will tell you, 'tis
                    mostly administrative, processing
                    permits and that sort. You might
                    catch the odd bit of commotion
                    every now and then but half the
                    island's leaving for the show in
                    Dungary so it'll be dead all
                    weekend.
                         

                    I'm sure we can find something to
                    do.
                         
          O'Shea rolls his eyes and passes Lisa her coffee.
                         

                    Ta.
                         
          She takes it and sits at her desk, feeling her surroundings.
                         

                        
                    Is she really necessary?
                         

                    You tell me.
                         
          Lisa carefully arranges her desk how she likes it.     Neat.
                         

                    You're only gone two weeks.      I
                    can handle two weeks.
                         

                    You could.     But you wouldn't.
                         
          Kenifick's mobile PINGS.      He checks the text message.
                         

                    Don't be late, I said.      What did I
                    say?
                         
          His phone RINGS again.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          11.
                         
                         

                    I'm coming, I'm coming.    Right, I'm
                    off.
                         

                    Not a bother.
                         

                    Rightio. Reports and files in the
                    top drawer, anything you need,
                    O'Shea will be here to show you
                    round. O'Shea?
                         

                    You're gonna miss your boat.
                         

                    Slán.
                         
          Kenifick leaves. An uncomfortable silence fills the air like
          two strangers in an elevator. Lisa sips her coffee. Hates
          it. O'Shea slumps at his desk, throws his feet up and sighs.
                         
          Kenifick barges back in and O'Shea falls over himself to
          straighten up, burning himself with his coffee.
                         

                    Won't go far with no tickets.    See
                    you in a fortnight. Be good.
                         
          He snatches them and leaves. O'Shea recovers and notices
          Lisa stifling a smile. The office phone RINGS and O'Shea
          sluggishly reaches for it. But Lisa beats him to it.
                         

                    Garda Nolan.
                         

                         
          At the dock PADDY BARRETT sorts his lobster traps.   All he's
          short is a parrot and a wooden leg.
                         
          His traps appear empty, some mangled, but before he can
          protest one of the oblong traps leaps. He watches it and
          like a magic trick it leaps again.
                         
          He squats down and gazes between the seaweed strewn cage.
          Nothing to be seen thanks to the seaweed. He prods it and
          lo, it shifts violently. Hopping mad.
                         
          Paddy rises, wipes his frowning forehead with his cap and
          gestures to a fisherman packing ice crates on the dock.
                         
          TADHG MURPHY saunters over.    An alpha male in a beta body.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            12.
                         
                         

                    Take a look at this.
                         
          Paddy gently kicks the lobster trap, spurring it. On cue, it
          haphazardly jumps across the wet dock. Tadhg snickers.
                         

                    He's a biggun.
                         

                    He's not a lobster.
                         

                    Then what is it?
                         
          Paddy shrugs.   Tadhg kneels down and peers inside.
                         
          SPLAT! A GEYSER OF GOO SPRAYS IN HIS FACE!        Tadhg staggers
          to his feet, spitting furiously.
                         

                    Oh ya bastard, Paddy!      Ya knew it
                    was gonna do that.
                         

                    I didn't.    On me life.
                         
          Tadhg wipes away the slime with his sweater.
                         

                    Eurgh, the smell.
                         

                    So what is it?
                         

                    I dunno, it's a feckin octopus or
                    something, it's covered in seaweed.
                    But 'tis no feckin' lobster!
                         
          Tadhg stomps off.
                         

                    An octopus?
                         
          Paddy considers the lobster trap, eyes flashing.
                         

                         
          Lisa drives safely, under the limit.     A turning approaches.
                         

                    Do I go...?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011   13.
                         
                         
          O'Shea waits for the last second.
                         

                    ... Left.
                         
          Lisa turns sharply, amusing O'Shea.
                         

                    So you're after the sarge's desk?
                         

                    What makes you say that?
                         

                    Just wondering.
                         

                    Well, I'm not. I'd some holidays
                    saved that needed to be taken and
                    this posting came up and I thought
                    sure what harm, why not? Can't hurt
                    with the review board, you know?
                         
          O'Shea nods, sussing her out.
                         

                    Where are you stationed?
                         

                    Dublin Central.
                         

                    And how's that working out for ya?
                         

                    Great. We got drugs, muggings,
                    murders and rapes. Always on the
                    go.
                         

                    Well you can relax, there's none of
                    that here.
                         

                    You never know. It's the quiet
                    places where all the mad shit
                    happens. Just open a paper.
                         
          O'Shea smirks out his window.   Lisa notices.
                         

                    What?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          14.
                         
                         

                    I bet you haven't missed a day of
                    work in your life.
                         

                    And should I be ashamed of that?
                         

                    It's just a job.
                         
          Arriving at the beach, Lisa parks sharply sending O'Shea
          colliding with the dashboard. He recovers, stunned.
                         

                    Seatbelt.    It is the law.
                         

                         
          O'Shea and Lisa get out of the parked jeep.
                         

                         
          O'Shea and Lisa trundle past some ONLOOKERS (folks we'll
          party with later) and head towards the whales. They plough
          forward until they're upon Dr Gleeson.
                         

                    In all me years, never seen
                    anything like it.
                         

                    Lisa Nolan, doctor Jim Gleeson.
                    Resident physician.
                         

                    Oh hello, love. How are ya?
                         

                    Grand, thanks.
                         

                    You wouldn't have any Aspirin on ya,
                    would ya, Jim?
                         

                    I've a few winegums? Would ya like
                    a winegum?
                         

                    You're all right.
                         
          Lisa moves deeper down the beach and O'Shea follows.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         15.
                         
                         

                    I'd prefer it if you'd introduce me
                    as Garda Nolan.
                         

                    Ah, no one minds.
                         

                    I do.
                         
          Lisa marches on, staggering awkwardly in the soft sand.
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa arrive by the whales and ADAM SMITH, Ph.D.
          nods to O'Shea as they approach. Busy working.
                         

                    What happened?
                         

                        
                    One second.
                         
          Lisa's eyes light up at Smith's dismissal of O'Shea. A
          kindred spirit. Once Smith's ready, he ignores O'Shea and
          removes a glove to shake Lisa's hand. So very English.
                         

                    Smith.
                         

                    Lisa.
                         
          O'Shea stares at her.   Typical.
                         

                    Smith's a marine psychologist or
                    something, did I get that right?
                         

                    No.   It's marine ecology.
                         
          O'Shea shrugs, whatever.
                         

                    That was quick.
                         

                    More fortunate really. I'm based
                    here doing studies for the
                    department of the marine.
                         
          Smith hands O'Shea the tip of a tape measure.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       16.
                         
                         

                    Hold this, please.
                         
          O'Shea doesn't have a choice. Smith walks the length of the
          whales, stepping around Lisa and touching her as he goes.
                         

                    So how long are you here?
                         

                    Two weeks.
                         

                    Oh, wonderful. Wonderful.   Are you
                    staying nearby?
                         
          O'Shea interrupts, deliberately:
                         

                    So are they dead?!
                         

                    Hmm?   No, they're just sleeping.
                         
          Smith and Lisa share a smirk. O'Shea notices and lets the
          tape measure go, snapping back on Smith's fingers. Ouch.
                         

                    Slipped.
                         
          O'Shea and Smith trade looks.
                         

                    So what happened?
                         

                    Well they're pilot whales. It
                    happens with them from time to time
                    but no one really knows why.
                         
          Lisa notes deep spider-vein gashes on the whales' bodies as
          if they were whipped with a huge cat-o'-nine-tails.
                         

                    What are those marks?
                         

                    Not sure. Possible scratches off
                    the rocks while washing up here.
                         

                    They didn't beach themselves?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            17.
                         
                         

                    No, they died at sea.
                         

                    All of them? At once?
                         

                    It's a strange one all right.
                         
          O'Shea considers the ocean before him.
                         

                         
          A charming little shithole.
                         

                         
          Paddy kicks open the bathroom door.   He plugs the bathtub and
          lets the tap run, filling it.
                         
          He shuffles out and returns wearing a welders mask and
          dragging the lobster trap. He lifts the trap over the bath
          rim and drops it into the bath water where it BUBBLES.
                         
          He removes his mask and peers in at it.   What the feck?
                         

                         
          A dilapidated mill, long since operational. A sign reads
          "KEEP OUT".   The jeep pulls up and O'Shea and Lisa step out.
                         

                    Hey, Daly, Cooney about?
                         
          On the rim of a demolished "pit" DALY points to a ramp.
          Years of labouring have turned Daly into one big freckle.
          O'Shea follows Daly's directions up a ramp towards the
          demolished frame of a building.
                         
          Daly elbows his MATE, ogling Lisa.
                         

                    Now that is one arresting woman.
                         
          DALY'S MATE WOLF-WHISTLES.    Appalled, Lisa whips out her
          notepad and pencil.
                         

                    You, what's your name?
                         


                    Przemyslaw Wojciechowski.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         18.
                         
                         
          Lisa closes her pad.    Forget it.
                         

                    Carry on.
                         
          In the pit DECLAN COONEY directs Daly.    Although it's not
          possible, Cooney appears pregnant.
                         

                    Busy?
                         

                    Nah, just stripping an oil tank.
                    This place is a death trap sure.
                         

                    I've warned the kids to keep out.
                         
          Cooney walks along a horizontal ladder towards O'Shea.
                         
          Alone and wandering, Lisa steps into the path of a JCB with a
          big mechanical claw but still gets splashed by chalky muck
          that stain her polished boots.
                         

                    Watch where you're going.
                         
          Cooney and O'Shea stroll down the ramp.
                         

                    Where's Kenifick?
                         

                    On holiday. Leaving me up the
                    creek.
                         

                    Why?    What's up?
                         
          Behind O'Shea the JCB Claw grabs some scrap from the "pit".
                         

                    Well, remember that favour you owe
                    me? I'm looking for some boys to
                    help move a few things off the
                    beach. An hours work, tops.
                         

                    What kinda things?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        19.
                         
                         

                         
          "BEACH CLOSED" signs jut out of the rain soaked sand as
          Cooney, Daly and some HELPERS winch the last of the whales
          onto a JCB DUMP TRUCK, working in the rain.
                         
          Cooney gives Daly's Mate, behind the wheel of the truck, the
          thumbs up and off he goes, engine rumbling.
                         

                    That'll do, boys.    Pack it up.
                         
          Daly wipes the rain from his face as the Helpers pack up.
                         

                    Don't forget the shovels.
                         

                    I got 'em.
                         
          Daly ventures towards the shoreline towards a pile of tools
          as everyone else leaves the beach. He gathers the tools, but
          then something catches his eye. He sweeps some sand off of --
                         

                    -- What in the name of...?
                         
          Daly rises, shocked by whatever it is he sees until -- BAM!
          A tentacle grabs onto Daly's foot and whips his weight out
          from under him. He collides with the wet sand. Winded.
                         

                         
          Cooney throws the ropes and tools into the car boot.
                         

                         
          Daly claws at the sand as he's dragged into the sea, yelling.
                         


                         
          As the ocean consumes him his gurgled CRIES drown out while
          in the sand his struggle is washed away without a trace.
                         

                         
          Cooney waves the other cars off, then sits in his car.   He
          switches on the RADIO and checks his watch. Waiting.
                         

                         
          Cooney scans the shore and finds the mislaid tools.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        20.
                         
                         

                    Daly?
                         

                         
          Cooney sits back at the wheel, one leg resting outside his
          door, holding out for Daly's return as something moves in on
          his ankle.
                         
          Not a second to spare Cooney pulls his foot inside, shuts the
          door and drives off. But the car stalls, snagged on
          something. He steps out, kneels and gazes under the chassis.
                         
          BAM! He's dragged under face first, feet thrashing. The car
          rocks, the RADIO serenading his demise and the AIRBAG DEPLOYS.
                         

                         
          O'Shea leans on the counter, a whiskey before him. Avuncular
          proprietor BRIAN MAHER watches from behind the counter.
                         
          ON A PUB TV: the white helicopter of the Coastguard circles
          the Merry Widow boat. Footage taken earlier in the day.
                         

                        
                    -- search and rescue was called off
                    as a search and recover operation
                    became priority. A telling sign
                    that the missing fishermen are
                    believed to have perished.
                         
          Lisa approaches the counter/reception and hands Brian a key.
                         

                    Hi, do you have an iron?
                         

                    We do indeed.
                         
          Brian moves to get it and Lisa spots O'Shea, throwing her.
          Shoeless, she rises up on her toes. Gaining two inches.
                         

                    Hi.
                         
          An awkward silence.
                         

                    Would you like a drink?
                         
          UNA MAHER eavesdrops while wiping the counter.   Una has a
          face you could confide in, but shouldn't.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       21.
                         
                         

                    Another time, maybe.
                         
          Brian hands Lisa the iron.
                         

                    Thanks.

                    See you tomorrow.
                         

                    Tomorrow's Sunday.
                         

                    Oh, right. Well, I have a key so
                    ... see you Monday then.
                         
          She walks off and Una moves in, wiping under O'Shea's drink.
                         

                    Sparks flying there, huh.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    Do you like her?
                         

                    She's all right. A bit uptight.
                         

                    You should talk to her.
                         

                    I do talk to her.    I talked to her
                    all day.
                         

                    God, ye're all the same.
                         

                    Ah leave him off, Una.
                         

                    Listen to you.
                        
                    Eight years I was waiting for him
                    to get down on his knee. Have ya
                    ever heard the like of it? My
                    family thought I was mad wasting me
                    time on him.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          22.
                         
                         

                    Ah feck them.
                         

                    Ah feck you, Brian.
                         
          Una shuffles off.
                         

                    Same again?
                         

                    Go on.
                         

                    I tell you what though if I
                    weren't, you know, I'd be up them
                    stairs like a shot.
                         
          Brian feels Una's stare from across the bar.    He smiles at
          her, placating.
                         
          Grinning to himself at the far end of the counter, Paddy
          fixes O'Shea's stare.
                         

                    What is it, Paddy?
                         

                    Wouldn't you like to know?
                         

                    No, not really.
                         
          O'Shea turns back to his drink.
                         

                    But you would, though.
                         

                    Nope.
                         

                    You would! If you were to know
                    what I know you'd want to know.
                         

                    All right, tell us then.
                         
          Paddy shuffles closer, all excited.
                         

                    Right, between you and me, I caught
                    meself a sea monster today.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011   23.
                         

                    Swear to God, may he strike me
                    down.

                    Ya don't believe me?
                         

                    Not a bit.
                         

                    I'm no liar!
                         
          Brian snickers in the corner.
                         

                    Ha!
                         

                    Feck off, you.
                         

                    All right, where is it?
                         

                    In me bathtub.
                         

                    In your bathtub?
                         

                    Having a bath.
                         

                    G'night, Paddy.
                         
          O'Shea downs his drink and saunters off.
                         

                    Ignorant gobshite.
                         

                        
                    What?
                         

                    Hmm?
                         

                    What did you say?
                         

                    Nothin'.   Didn't open me mouth.
                         

                    He called you a gobshite.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        24.
                         
                         


                    You see you, if this wasn't the
                    only feckin' pub on this shittin'
                    island I'd piss on it than sooner
                    come in here.
                         

                    Fine.   You're barred.
                         
          Paddy thinks a moment, then cracks a smile.
                         

                    Ah I'm joking, you know that.   One
                    more, huh?
                         
          O'Shea scoffs and leaves them, following the hallway upstairs.
                         

                         
          O'Shea removes a small hip flask from his pocket and drains
          it. Coughs. Composes himself and approaches ROOM #3.
                         

                         
          Lisa regards her chalk-stained boots. She brushes some of
          the dirt off them, sighs and returns to ironing her uniform.
          A KNOCK comes to her door and she opens it to find O'Shea.
                         

                    Is everything all right?
                         
          She glances down the hallway.   O'Shea looks too, confused.
                         

                    What is it?
                         


                    What do you want?
                         

                    Come on down for a drink.
                         

                    I have work tomorrow.
                         

                    It doesn't matter out here.   No one
                    will know.
                         

                    You're drunk.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         25.
                         
                         

                    I am not.    I'm sober as a judge.
                         
          O'Shea slumps against the door, reclining casually.   Or so he
          imagines.
                         

                    Is that so? Say the alphabet
                    backwards for me.
                         

                    ... Zed ... Et cetera.
                         

                    I hope you're not driving?
                         

                    Course not. I'm taking Johnny's
                    horse.
                         

                    You're going to ride a horse while
                    intoxicated?
                         

                    Yeah, so?    The horse is sober.
                         

                    Amazing, and you're in charge here.
                         

                    Listen, I think we got off on the
                    wrong foot today.
                         
          O'Shea changes weight to his other leg and accidentally kicks
          over Lisa's side-table.
                         

                    Feck.
                         
          It clatters to the floor, knocking her toiletries over.
                         

                    Sorry.
                         

                    It's OK.
                         
          He helps her pick them up --
                         

                        
                    What's that?
                  GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        26.
                         
                         
          Lisa grabs it off him, mortified as he rises with a headrush.
                         

                       Whoa, that last drink's gone
                       straight to me head.
                         

                       Just your head?
                         

                       Well, other places too.
                         
          O'Shea grins suggestively, reading her wrong.
                         

                       Do you get this drunk every night?
                         

                       Just high days and holidays.
                         
          O'Shea rests against the wall.       Eyes drooping.
                         

                       Let's get you to bed.
                         

                       Now you're talking.
                         

                         
          Paddy crashes his bicycle into a fence and staggers in the
          gate, mumbling something about bastards and fences.
                         

                         
          Paddy pours himself a drink of what looks like homemade
          potcheen. Still muttering.
                         
          THUD!    The bathroom door rattles.    He looks at it, wide-eyed.
                         

                         
          The door yawns opens and Paddy creeps in, wearing his welders
          mask. He gazes into the tub and removes his mask. There
          just as he left it is the lobster trap, but it's BROKEN.
                         
          Paddy leans down and checks the trap as behind him reflected
          through the slimy residue of his bathroom cabinet's mirror
          something black and slithery crawls up the wall behind him.
                         
          We see it but Paddy doesn't until a HISS. Paddy turns and
          the GRABBER spits a barbed tongue and whips itself onto his
          face. Paddy slams against the bathroom mirror, as if leveled
          by a punch. The mirror shatters, obscuring the scuffle.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         27.
                         
                         
          Paddy tears it off his face, gasping and flings it away.
          Blood seeps from a three point puncture wound on his neck.
                         

                    You dirty ...
                         
          Paddy stamps on it, whatever it is. Again and again, until
          out of breath, he staggers from the bathroom. A moment later
          he returns with a standing lamp and continues beating it.
          Over and over and over until he's exhausted.
                         

                    Bastard.
                         

                         
          The warm glow of light from within would attract every moth
          within a mile if it were a dry Summer's night, but it's not.
          It's raining and it's attracting something far more sinister.
                         

                         
          IRENE MURPHY, cocooned in a bathrobe and slippers, snatches a
          pair of socks and a sweater off the floor. Muttering, she
          sniffs the sweater and recoils. It reeks.
                         
          On a mission she marches through the open plan home passing
          Fisherman Tadhg gazing at the TV.
                         

                    Tadhg, you're stinking. Would you
                    get in the bath already, I can
                    smell you from here.
                         

                    I'm watching this.
                         


                    What were you doing at all today?
                         
          Irene enters the kitchen --
                         

                         
          -- and dumps it in a wash basket for tomorrow's load --
                         
          A BANG against the window. Irene startles. She leans, hands
          cupped around her eyes pressed up against the glass, staring
          out into the darkness. Any second now she's going to be
          pulled through ... only not. She tightens her robe instead.
                  GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011     28.
                         
                         


                       God, 'tis blowing a gale out.
                         

                       What?
                         

                       I said 'tis ... nothing. I don't
                       know why we had to move here.
                                                                                         
                       There was nothing wrong with me
                       Mam's house.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                         

                         

                         
          Tadhg scoffs, channel hopping with the remote.
                         


                       Apart from your Mam.
                         
          Irene appears behind him.
                         

                       What was that?
                         
          Tadhg flicks the TV channel onto a 'TREMORS'. (Alternative:
          'FAIR CITY' is on.)
                         
          THUD!    The door trembles with the weight of a knock.
                         
          THUD! Cooney headbutts the door, his head flopping like a
          dolls, jaw slack, eyes shut. He's dead. With arms stretched
          above his head, weight supported by his intertwined wrists
          and feet barely touching ground, something is swinging him.
                         
          THUD!    Tadhg rouses and clears his throat.
                         

                       Irene?
                         
          Irene blow-dries her hair.     She pauses to listen.
                  GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011    29.
                         
                         

                       What?
                         

                       Someone's at the door.
                         

                       I'm not dressed.
                         
          THUD!    Tadhg glances disapprovingly at the clock.
                         

                       All right, all right.
                         
          He peers through the door-window. Cooney seems drunk off his
          ass dirty dancing with the letterbox. Hips swiveling.
                         

                       It's that bloody Declan Cooney and
                       he's pissed as a fart.
                         
          Irene throws her eyes up and rises, tying her dressing gown.
                         

                       Don't give that cowboy any money.
                                                                                         
                       He'll only piss it up the wall.
                         
          Tadhg opens the door.
                         

                       Cooney, you look like death.   What
                       are you doing?
                         
          Cooney swings suggestively to Tadhg's open mouthed horror.
                         

                       What does he want?
                         


                       To dance?
                         
          Irene joins Tadhg at the door. Suddenly Cooney collapses,
          crumpling like a pile of wet laundry.
                         

                       Jesus.
                         

                       Cooney?   Are you all right, mate?
                         
          Tadhg steps over Cooney's broken twisted body.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          30.
                         
                         

                    Cooney?
                         
          Suddenly Tadhg's pounced upon and whipped up out of sight.
                         

                    Tadhg!    Tadhg!
                         
          Irene chases after him as roof tiles tumble down on her.
          HE'S GONE. She scurries inside and locks the door.
                         

                         
          The TV flickers as the reception falters. Outside the window
          the satellite dish bounces onto the driveway.
                         
          Irene backs through the bungalow, shaking. The violent
          SCUFFLE on the roof rattling the ceiling light-shade.
                         

                    Honey?    Oh God. Oh God.
                         
          A WEIRD, PITCHED ROAR takes Irene's breath away.    Whatever
          snatched Tadhg sounds unnatural, huge and mean.
                         
          Soot tumbles down the chimney drawing Irene's attention.
                         
          She runs and kneels before the fireplace and receives a blast
          of black soot to the face. She coughs and sputters and
          reaches up to close the chimney chute. Fumbling, whimpering.
                         

                         
          Something descends towards her, gaining speed.   Irene grabs
          blindly at the clasp ...
                         
          Her eyes dart open. That's not the clasp! She SCREAMS and
          flies up the chute like a mouse sucked up a hoover. And as
          her CRIES die out all that's left in the open fireplace is a
          pair of orphaned fluffy pink slippers.
                         

                         
          Lisa DINGS the reception bell.   Una stumbles to her call.
                         

                    Good morning. Sleep well?
                         

                    Grand, thanks. Do I have something
                    to sign?
                         

                    Oh yeah.   The big one.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          31.
                         
                         
          Una grabs her bill and hands it to Lisa.
                         

                    How's the weather looking?
                         

                    Oh, there's a storm coming.
                         

                    Really? Are the gulls flying low
                    or something?
                         

                    No, it's on the telly.
                         
          Una gestures to the TV weather report. Lisa smiles.   Of
          course. She fishes out her credit card.
                         

                    So, you're working with O'Shea?
                         

                    Temporarily.
                         

                    He's a nice fella isn't he?    Quite
                    a catch.
                         

                    Depends what you're fishing.
                         
          Una hands Lisa her receipt to sign and watches her writing.
                         

                    Single?
                        
                    So's O'Shea. Well, widowed.
                         
          Lisa looks up.
                         

                    Widowed?
                         

                    Why do you think he's here? Sure
                    there's no want for him round this
                    neck of the woods but I suppose he
                    wanted the peace. Or his superiors
                    thought he did. He doesn't say,
                    God love him.
                         
          Lisa smiles uncomfortably and hands her receipt to Una.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        32.
                         
                         

                    So will you be sticking to the same
                    room all week? Because we have a
                    few doubles. There's more room in
                    those, you know yourself.
                         
          Una winks knowingly.
                         

                    The single room is fine.
                         

                    Are you sure now? You never know
                    if you want to stretch your legs
                    later on. Give it a week and we'll
                    be booked solid, so we will.
                         

                    I'll think about it.
                         
          Lisa hightails it.
                         

                         
          Panned out on a rubber mattress you'd swear O'Shea was dead
          if he wasn't SNORING like a Granddad.
                         
          The heavy cell door flies open and SLAMS off the wall.   Lisa
          stand in the doorway as O'Shea jerks awake.
                         

                    Morning.
                         

                    Wha..?
                         

                    How much does a place like this go
                    for? I mean it's close to the
                    beach, all mod-cons. It's perfect.
                         

                    I ... uh, what happened?
                         

                    Section four point one of the
                    Public Order Act. It is an offence
                    for any person to be present in any
                    public place while intoxicated to
                    such an extent as would give rise
                    to a reasonable apprehension that
                    the person might endanger
                    themselves or any other in the
                    vicinity.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       33.
                         
                         

                    You arrested me?!
                         

                    For your own good.
                         

                    Let me out of here.
                         

                    Relax. You passed out before I
                    could find your house.
                         
          The phone RINGS!    Lisa picks it up.
                         

                    Garda Nolan.
                         

                         
          Paddy escorts O'Shea and Lisa along the short wooden pier,
          past the moored yachts and into the marine research centre.
                         

                    So I get a reward for discovering
                    it, right? A finders fee?
                         

                    We'll discuss it later.
                         

                    But I get something, right?
                         
          They enter.
                         

                         
          Shrivelled tentacles spill over the gurney as a hideous mouth
          gapes open as if in the dentist's chair. Smith stands over
          it, forceps in hand, as O'Shea, Paddy and Lisa enter.
                         

                    Eurgh.
                         

                    Is that your professional opinion?
                         
          Smith removes his surgical-mask revealing an excited grin.
                         

                    A Grabber.
                         

                    A what?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         34.
                         
                         

                    I told you I'm not calling it that.
                    It needs a binomial nomenclature,
                    one identifying its genus and class
                    and once I've figured that out --
                         

                    I discovered it.      I get to name it.
                         
          Smith smiles at Lisa.
                         

                    Hi.
                         
          Lisa smiles at Smith.
                         

                    Hi.
                         
          O'Shea smiles at Lisa.    Mocking.
                         

                    Hi.
                         
          Lisa's smile drops.    Paddy looks confused.
                         


                    Hello.
                         

                    What is that thing?
                         

                    I haven't a clue. I've never seen
                    anything like it. It's a completely
                    foreign species. I can't even begin
                    to originate or class it.
                         

                    A Grabber.
                         
          Smith sighs.
                         

                    And this attacked you?
                         
          Paddy pulls his collar back exposing his bandaged neck.
                         

                    Stuck on the ceiling, it was. Like
                    a pancake. Nearly ripped me throat
                    out.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       35.
                         
                         
          O'Shea leans in for a closer look of the creature.
                         

                    Is it dead?
                         

                    I'm not sure.
                         
          O'Shea leans back, and half-steps away too for good measure.
                         

                    You're not what?
                         

                    Well basic tests I've done so far
                    have shown up nothing usual or
                    normal. It's beyond mystifying.
                    Really I can't be certain without
                    opening it up.
                         
          Paddy WHACKS it with his walking stick.   Nothing.
                         

                    'Tis dead.
                         

                    Would you stop doing that? It
                    isn't any wonder it bit you.
                         
          Lisa stares at its multi-fanged jaws.
                         

                    What's that in its mouth?
                         

                    Its tongue. Check it out.
                         
          Smith takes hold of its tongue and extends it three foot with
          a barbed tip like a mace. Off O'Shea and Lisa's awed faces.
                         

                    That's not a tongue.
                         

                    It's a weapon.
                         

                    It spits like a frog and strangles
                    ya. Whippet fast, and sharp.
                         

                    I'm guessing it bleeds its prey
                    like a leech. Consuming the blood,
                    like some sort of vampiro toothis.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       36.
                         
                         

                    Vampiro what?
                         

                    Toothis. It's a rare deep sea
                    squid but this isn't that, not in
                    Irish waters. No, this is
                    something totally different.
                    Something ... alien.
                        
                    In that it's undocumented.
                         

                    It's gotta be worth a fortune.
                         

                    But here's the thing...
                         
          Smith picks up a sponge, daubs it in a tray of water and --
                         

                    -- When I tried to clean some dirt
                    off of it --
                         

                    I stood on it a few times.
                         

                    -- this happened --
                         
          -- he delicately dabs the tip of a tentacle. The Grabber's
          skin reacts, rehydrating. Smith watches it expectantly.
                         
          Suddenly the tip twitches.    Smith smiles at them.
                         

                    All this thing needs to survive is
                    blood ... and water.
                         
          O'Shea frowns, watching it.
                         

                    Could you put it on the eBay, do ya
                    think?
                         

                    You are not putting this on eBay.
                    You're lucky she didn't kill you.
                         

                    She?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           37.
                         
                         

                    Yeah, it's a female from what I can
                    tell.
                         

                    How can you tell?
                         

                    It's got no testicles.
                         
          A long silence, Paddy nods.    I see.
                         

                    And ... she was pregnant.
                         
          He reveals an EGG SPAWN. Gelatine and gooey. Inside is a
          baby Grabber; a Jack-in-the-box type creature aka a JUMPER.
                         

                    That's disgusting.
                         
          Lisa recoils: it stinks.   Smith toys with it, marveling.
                         

                    We're dealing with something
                    extraordinary here. And if it
                    looks like this when it hatches,
                    then this species nests on land.
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa share a look.   Uh oh.
                         

                         
          O'Shea switches gears as they make their way along the coast.
                         

                    Do you reckon those things had
                    anything to do with those dead
                    whales?
                         
          O'Shea considers her, thinking. They pass the promenade and
          O'Shea cranes his head to see something.
                         

                    What is it?
                         

                    That's Declan Cooney's car.
                         

                         
          Cooney's car sits abandoned, its door open and airbag flat.
          O'Shea and Lisa pull in behind it and step out of the jeep.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            38.
                         
                         

                    Cooney?!
                         
          O'Shea takes a LEPRECHAUN KEYCHAIN from the ignition, then
          notes some unusual scratches along the car's body work.
                         

                    Where could he be?
                         

                    Nowhere without his keys.    Do you
                    believe in coincidences?
                         

                    Not really.
                         

                    Neither do I.
                         
          O'Shea looks around and focuses on the Murphy's Bungalow up
          ahead and overlooking them.
                         

                    Come on.
                         

                    Where are we going?
                         

                    When you're looking for answers you
                    gotta go asking questions.
                         
          He walks off.   Lisa's impressed.
                         

                         
          Lisa steps over some broken slate tiles and rings the
          DOORBELL. No one's home. O'Shea spies in the window to the
                         

                         
          Lisa copies him.   They notice: all the house lights are on.
                         

                    All the lights are on.
                         

                         
          O'Shea turns and bumps into Lisa, behind him.   She steps
          aside. O'Shea smiles.
                         
          Something's different about her.    Her hair's down, she's
          dressed casual. She looks nice.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        39.
                         
                         

                    How come you're not in uniform?
                         

                    It's Sunday.
                        
                    Hey, neither are you!
                         
          O'Shea smiles to himself.
                         

                    It suits you.
                         
          Lisa reads him wrong, so just to piss him off --
                         

                    -- Smith's a nice fella, isn't he?
                         

                    Oh he's positively smashing.

                         

                    A proper gentleman.   And such
                    polite company.
                         

                    Uh huh.   Tadhg? Irene?
                         

                    A lovely fella.
                         
          Lisa throws O'Shea a pointed look.   O'Shea shrugs her off.
                         

                    He's like you, he's married to his
                    job.
                         

                    I'm not-- I take pride in my work.
                    Unlike yourself.
                         

                    Shush, I'm working.
                         
          O'Shea raps on the door and calls in the letterbox.
                         

                    Tadhg?    Irene?
                         

                    You're looking in the wrong place,
                    Columbo.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         40.
                         
                         
          She gestures to the fallen roof tiles.
                         

                         
          O'Shea sets a ladder against the roof  and
          before he even has the option, Lisa climbs it.
                         

                    Hold it steady.
                         

                    You're something else, you know
                    that. You should've joined the
                    army, not the guards.
                         
          O'Shea sneaks a glance of Lisa's arse as she climbs.
                         

                    Stop talking to yourself.   It's
                    very distracting.
                         

                    I'm not talking to myself, I'm
                    talking to you.
                         


                    Uh huh, great. There's something
                    up here.
                         

                    Could you be a bit more specific?
                         

                    It's a --
                         
          -- A checked shirt, the sleeve of which leads towards a lump
          that's buried under more rags.
                         

                    Well?
                         

                    Ugh, it stinks like that thing.
                         
          Lisa tugs on the sleeve and THUMP-THUMP-THUMP-THUMP!
          Something rolls towards her.
                         

                    Oh the Divine Mother of Jesus --
                         
          Lisa leans sharply out of its way as down below: O'Shea
          sneaks a sip of his flask.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          41.
                         
                         

                    Watch out!
                         
          O'Shea looks up to see
                         
          TADHG'S SEVERED HEAD spinning towards him.    BOP!   Headbutted
          in the face, O'Shea clutches his nose.
                         

                    Aw Jesus Cock!
                         
          Lisa looks down at the gawping severed head, sickened.
                         

                    You broke its nose.
                         

                         
          Dr Gleeson replaces a sheet over Tadhg's head as Lisa paces
          on a mobile phone, O'Shea watching.
                         

                    What killed him, Jim?
                         

                    The fact he's just a head!
                         
          Dr Gleeson turns back, writing.
                         

                    Jesus what do you think? You bring
                    me someone with a head cold or a
                    headache and I could do something.
                    You bring me just a head and you're
                    taking the piss.
                         


                    So when can they get here? ...
                        
                    Tomorrow? ... And what about the
                    state pathologist?
                         

                    They could bury him in a shoebox.
                    That's not right.
                         

                        
                    Doctor, we need to know.
                         

                    I don't know. A tiger?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            42.
                         
                         

                    A tiger?!
                         

                    I can't say that.
                         
          Dr Gleeson loosens his tie.
                         

                    I'm telling you his head was torn
                    off. By something big.
                         
          O'Shea shares a look with Lisa.
                         

                         
          O'Shea uploads crime scene photos of Tadhg's bungalow onto a
          laptop as Lisa paces on the phone.
                         


                    No, no, don't put me through I've
                    already spoken to -- ugh. Thanks.
                         
          Lisa sighs.   She's been at this a while, it seems.
                         
          O'Shea pulls his hip flask from his jacket pocket and
          furtively sneaks a sip, savouring it.
                         

                    Holy Christ, wait till I tell ya!
                         
          O'Shea chokes on his drink, coughing.     He spins to face
          Paddy, quickly hiding his flask.
                         

                    Jesus, Paddy.
                         

                    What?   What's wrong with ya?
                         

                    What is it?
                         

                    Come look for yourself.
                         
          Lisa looks at O'Shea.   A silent exchange.   Lisa hangs up.
                         

                         
          A demolished wall offers a new entrance to the backyard,
          where amongst rubble, Paddy's scratched bathtub lays.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       43.
                         
                         

                    How am I supposed to wash meself?
                         
          O'Shea thinks...
                         

                         
          O'Shea unrolls a map of Erin Island on the living room table.
          He points at four spots on the map. A zig-zag pattern.
                         

                    OK, we're here. Here's where
                    Cooney's car was abandoned. Here's
                    Tadhg and Irene Murphy's house and
                    here's where the whales washed up.
                         

                    OK, so what does that mean?
                         
          O'Shea stares blankly.
                         

                    I have no idea. I was hoping it
                    would show some sort of pattern.
                         

                    It's the letter zed!
                         


                    Did you show that thing to anyone
                    else before we saw it?
                         

                    Tadhg Murphy got a look of it when
                    I brought it in. It gawked on him,
                    but that was it.
                         
          Lisa and O'Shea share a look.
                         

                    Why?
                         

                    We think there might be another one
                    of those things, at least one
                    anyway.
                         

                    Are you serious?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       44.
                         
                         

                    Yeah. That thing you caught
                    couldn't have fertilised that egg
                    by itself, which would mean there's
                    a male out there big enough and
                    strong enough to knock a hole in
                    your bathroom wall.
                         


                    Smith said it needs water, right?
                         

                    He says a lot of things.
                         

                    Mostly bollocks.
                         

                    Whatever. But if it needs water to
                    survive, how could it be moving
                    about on dry land?
                         
          Water drips in Paddy's demolished bathroom, Paddy stares at
          it. Drip-drip-drip.
                         

                    It was raining! When it rains
                    there's no such thing as dry land.
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa consider this.
                         

                    There's a storm due tonight.
                         

                    It'll piss it down.
                         
          O'Shea steels, and studies the map intensely.
                         

                    OK, all this is on the west side of
                    the island, right? So that would
                    make this area its territory; which
                    would mean it's got to be somewhere
                    close. Somewhere with access to
                    the waters around the west beach.
                         

                    The black rock caves. I caught the
                    female just beyond there.
                         
          O'Shea considers this.   He looks to Lisa:
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        45.
                         
                         

                    What do you think?
                         

                    I think we've got at least two
                    missing persons. We need to take a
                    look.
                         

                         
          Paddy leads O'Shea and Lisa towards the rocky beach where the
          tide's quickly coming in. (Note: O'Shea and Lisa have taken
          a pair of flashlights and O'Shea's Garda hat from the jeep.)
                         

                        
                    Ya know what's to blame for all
                    this? Global warming. Ya got your
                    icebergs meltin' and your
                    thingmajigs floodin'. The whole
                    world's drownin' and we don't have
                    the gills for it.
                         
          Following a few paces behind Paddy, O'Shea takes a pull off
          his flask which Lisa notices.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    I didn't say anything.
                         

                    You gave me that look.
                         

                    What look?
                         

                    The "I feel sorry for you" look.
                         

                    No I didn't.
                         

                    Yeah you did.
                         

                    No, I gave you the "I feel
                    embarrassed for you" look.   Big
                    difference.
                         
          She walks on faster, leaving him trailing behind.   Thinking.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          46.
                         
                         

                    Sure that's worse!
                         
          Paddy rounds some rocks and comes upon the cliff face.
                         

                    Look, I know I'm no dandy fop, Ph.
                    D. Smith type.
                         

                    What's Smith got to do with your
                    raging alcoholism? Hmm?
                         

                    I'm not a raging-- You're some
                    character you know that. A real
                    character. I'm a social drinker.
                         

                    Uh huh.   Of course you are.
                         
          O'Shea takes a big swig of his flask just to piss her off.
                         

                    Lovely.
                         

                    We're here.
                         

                         
          They stand before the cave mouth, taking it in. Dark and
          oppressive and claustrophobic. Water drips within. A wave
          washes up behind them, drenching their feet.
                         

                    Tides coming in. Another hour and
                    this place will be under water.
                         

                    Wait here.
                         

                    You can be sure of it.
                         
          Lisa and O'Shea turn on their high beam flashlights and
          venture into the cave, Mulder and Scully style.
                         
          Water drips from the cave walls while the sound of crashing
          waves echoes throughout.
                         
          At the cave mouth, the dregs of a wave wash over Paddy's
          boots. He looks into the cave, anxiously.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       47.
                         
                         
          Venturing further into the shadowy cave, Lisa finds an arched
          entrance to the rising ocean as fog creeps around her feet.
                         
          O'Shea rounds some rocks, finding Lisa and seeing her
          flashlight has found a fisherman's shredded slicker. (The
          remains of the Merry Widow's Deckhand Greg.)
                         

                    Are we missing some fishermen?
                         


                    Hello!
                         
          Lisa jolts, startled by O'Shea.
                         

                    My heart!    What are you doing?
                         

                    Just checking. Well, if you know
                    of a better way?

                    Hello?!
                         

                    What are you expecting?   "Helloooo,
                    'tis only me."
                         
          A SHADOW rises up stealing the light. O'Shea and Lisa turn.
          They lift the flashlights and take in the horrifying sight.
                         

                    Run!
                         
          They take off, running for the slim cave mouth. Their lights
          dancing in the darkness as they scramble for the exit --
          leading onto the beach. The narrow gap allows just one
          person at a time. And at a push. Lisa edges through first.
                         

                         
          O'Shea waits behind Lisa, watching behind them, and sees the
          light of his flashlight go dark, swallowed by something
          coming his way.
                         

                    Lisa!   Hurry!
                         

                    I'm trying!
                         

                    Move your arse!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         48.
                         
                         
          O'Shea pushes on her arse as she squeezes through.
                         

                    Get your hands off my arse!
                         
          O'Shea shoves harder.
                         

                    I swear to God, if you don't stop!
                         
          Lisa kicks back at him, but he keeps pushing. She tumbles
          onto the seaweed strewn sands, drenched by the incoming tide,
          as O'Shea squeezes through next. Soon, wedged in himself.
                         

                    If I die in here I want you to know
                    it's all your fault!
                         

                    Oh shut up.
                         
          Lisa wraps her arms around O'Shea, cheek-to-awkwardly-
          intimate-cheek and pulls, dragging him loose. With effort.
                         
          The Grabber rushes towards O'Shea, gaining speed.    Almost on
          him when he escapes, seconds to spare.
                         
          BAM! The Grabber fills the gap in the rock face, trapped by
          its own bulk. It snarls as one of its tentacles slithers out
          towards them, but quickly retreats back inside.
                         

                    The size of it.
                         
          They back up, horrified.
                         

                    It's OK. It can't get us on dry
                    land. Not when it's not raining,
                    it can't.
                         
          WHIPAH! A barbed tongue shoots out from the darkness of the
          cave and lances O'Shea's Garda hat clean off his head.
          O'Shea blinks, feeling his bare head.
                         

                    ... What?
                         
          A THUNDER-CRACK from the ominous rain clouds.
                         

                    Leg it!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       49.
                         
                         

                         
          Paddy steps out of the way of an oncoming wave and kicks
          something with his heel. He kneels down and finds an EGG.
                         

                    Mother of God.
                         
          Eggs piled high like a fun fare ball pit. He barely has time
          to process this as O'Shea and Lisa come bounding towards him.
                         

                    The eggs are buried on the beach!
                    There's feckin' loads of 'em!
                         

                    Run!
                         
          Paddy regards the egg then takes off after O'Shea and Lisa.
          And in the gouged out sand beneath their feet more exposed
          EGGS flutter with life. These things are close to hatching.
                         

                         
          O'Shea, Lisa and Paddy stumble in, making a beeline for the
          Grabber female on the table. Smith looks up from his laptop
          to see O'Shea who has a petrol can and a plan in mind.
                         

                    Good, you're back. I have a
                    theory! Those whales were killed
                    as a food source for their spawn --
                         

                    The eggs are buried at the beach.
                         

                    Exactly.
                         

                    We know.
                         

                    Oh.
                         

                    Well done.
                         

                    What are you doing?
                         

                    Everywhere that's been, the other
                    one's followed.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         50.
                         
                         

                    You found another one?     Where?
                         

                    It tried to eat us! And it's HUGE
                    and looking for her ... but this
                    will be the last place it looks.
                         
          He pours petrol all over it.    Lisa hands him the lighter.
                         

                    Are you mad? Don't do that!
                         
          Lisa takes a fire extinguisher off the wall.
                         

                    No, stop, you'll --
                         

                    Smith, it's for the best.
                         

                    No, you muppet! If he lights that
                    in here you'll--
                         
          O'Shea drops the lighter and BOOM!    It flashes up in flames.
                         
          WHOOSH! The sprinklers blast to life and water rains down on
          them, the lab and the dormant amphibious bloodsucking alien.
                         

                    -- get it wet.
                         

                    Shit.
                         

                    You really are Irish.
                         
          Lisa drops the fire extinguisher.
                         

                    Shut it off!
                         

                    See ya later, lads.
                         
          Paddy scampers out as O'Shea, Lisa and Smith scramble for the
          mains under the sink. Six hands fighting to shut it off.
          Once they do, every surface drips. A fish-tank overflows.
                         
          They rise slowly from the slick floor. It's eerily quiet.
          Smith picks up a stool. Lisa grabs a scalpel. O'Shea rolls
          up a magazine. They creep forward.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       51.
                         
                         

                    Careful. Once it's wet I don't
                    know what it can do.
                         
          O'Shea edges closer.    It's unscathed from the fire.
                         

                    It didn't burn.
                         

                    Is it dead?
                         


                         
          BOOM! It launches to life, sprays O'Shea with goo and dives
          onto him, wrapping around his face, head and neck.
                         
          Lisa and Smith leap to his aid and battle what looks like a
          dozen boa constrictors working as one, choking him.
                         
          O'Shea flails and smashes into lab units, knocking a utility
          closet open. Brooms and mops fall out as O'Shea slumps onto
          the wet floor.
                         
          Lisa and Smith pull tentacles loose and O'Shea gasps for air.
          His drained, ashen skin pocked with bleeding bite wounds.
                         
          Smith flings the limp Grabber across the lab and it hits the
          wet floor, flopping woozily and vomiting blood.
                         
          It bears down on its tentacles and springs itself onto the
          ceiling like an octopus shot out of an air cannon. SPLAT!
          It hits the fluorescent light and hangs from it, upside down.
                         
          Smith blinks, agog.
                         

                    OK, it's an alien.
                         
          O'Shea feels his wounds. Furious, he grabs one of the mops
          surrounding him and jabs at the Grabber with the handle.
                         

                    You vicious little fu--!
                         
          The Grabber bites down on the handle and hangs on. O'Shea
          suddenly takes the full weight of it. It totters above their
          heads, swaying. Lisa and Smith duck.
                         

                    Ah!    Jesus! O'Shea!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        52.
                         
                         
          O'Shea drops it onto the floor and Lisa yanks a steel cabinet
          over, pinning it down. Trapped, the Grabber thrashes.
                         

                    We need to kill it.
                         

                    No! You can't! It's the
                    scientific discovery of our time,
                    imagine all that we could learn

                         
          The cabinet flips,   exposing the Grabber. Smith SCREAMS and
          brains it with his   stool. Scared shitless, O'Shea and Lisa
          pile in with their   boots. All three whacking and stamping
          until they're sure   it's dead.
                         
          Sweating and in shock, they catch their breath.
                         

                    I think we got it.
                         


                    Good man.
                         
          O'Shea flicks the Grabber goop out of his hair.
                         

                    It's still moving.
                         

                    We need to get help.
                         

                    They'll never make it across the
                    water.
                         

                    If those eggs hatch, with no whales
                    to eat --
                         

                    -- they'll head in land to feed.
                         

                    Finishing each other's sentences
                    now?
                         

                    What?
                         

                    Nothing.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       53.
                         
                         

                    They're hatching.
                         
          The trio turn to notice Paddy has joined them looking down at
          the smooshed Grabber. O'Shea considers Paddy.
                         

                    It took three of us to get that
                    thing off me.
                         

                    I woulda helped but I've a bad
                    back, gives me shocking pain, you
                    know yourself.
                         

                    How are you still alive?
                         

                    Diet and exercise.
                         

                    No, when that thing attacked you.
                    You should be laid out in a box
                    right now, but you're not. What
                    makes you so special?
                         

                    I was always lucky.
                         
          O'Shea disregards him and takes a swig of his flask as Lisa
          considers the bloody sick. Queasy.
                         

                    Mustn't have liked your blood much.
                         

                    What have you been eating?
                         
          O'Shea stills, hearing that question.
                         


                    You were drunk!
                         

                         
          Storm clouds gather over the idyllic drinking hole as gales
          jeer and waves pile on the pub's neighbouring harbour.
                         

                         
          Dr Gleeson peers at the Grabber's severed head in a beaker,
          gawping away like a fish head. He squirms.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       54.
                         
                         

                    Grabbers?
                         

                    No, it's a cryptozoological
                    amphibious sanguivore.
                         

                        
                    Not a tiger.
                         
          Dr Gleeson removes his glasses to stare at O'Shea.
                         

                    Where are you getting all these
                    heads?
                         

                    Come on.
                         
          O'Shea leads the group leaving Dr Gleeson to add --
                         

                    This place has gone to the dogs.
                         

                         
          O'Shea, Lisa, Dr Gleeson, Smith and Paddy head for the pub.
          O'Shea's setting the pace leaving Paddy hustling to keep up.
                         

                    They're like leeches, right? They
                    feed off your blood. Well when one
                    of them bit Paddy, it almost died,
                    why?
                         

                    Slow down for fuck sake.
                         

                    Because Paddy was so intoxicated
                    his blood-alcohol level was toxic.
                         

                    Exactly. If we taint our blood
                    with booze, we're poisonous to eat.
                         

                    In theory.
                         

                        
                    And you told me to cut back.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       55.
                         
                         
          Dr Gleeson shrugs.
                         

                    We have just one night where we
                    have to deal with this on our own.
                    Tomorrow, we'll be sorted. We'll
                    get off the island, they'll nuke
                    the beaches or whatever they do,
                    but all we have to worry about is
                    tonight. And it's simple. We have
                    a lock-in. We stay out of the rain
                    and we drink.
                        
                    We can't stop them coming but we
                    can be ready.
                         
          O'Shea backs into the pub. Lisa, Smith, Paddy and Dr Gleeson
          look at each other -- wow -- and follow him inside.
                         

                         
          Brian stares, incredulous.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    A hostile migra --
                         

                    -- Grabbers.
                         

                    God sake.
                         

                    Are ye for real?
                         

                    Are we for real?    Are YOU for real?
                    Show him.
                         
          Smith plops a beaker covered with a tea cosy on the counter.
          He raises it just a tad to show Brian.
                         

                    That? Sure you could kill that
                    with a hammer.
                         

                    That's just the tip of the blood
                    sucking iceberg.
                         
          Brian considers the four of them; all look gravely serious.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         56.
                         
                         


                    Grabbers.
                         

                    I give up.     Yes, a Grabber.
                         
          Smith covers the beaker again.
                         

                    But if its allergic to booze can't
                    we just hose 'em with vodka or some
                    shit?
                         

                    No, that won't work.
                         

                    How do you know?
                         

                    Because alcohol is a poison. It
                    needs to be ingested to take
                    affect. Also to preserve specimens
                    I keep them in an alcohol based
                    solution. Just like with this one,
                    right now.
                         
          Smith taps the tea cosy.
                         

                    It's filled with?
                         

                    Yep.
                         

                    Can you drink it?
                         

                    So what if we sprayed whiskey in
                    its mouth?
                         

                    Feck that.     A waste of whiskey.
                         

                    If you want to get that close to
                    it, good luck.
                         
          Una passes with a washing basket.    She stops, seeing them.
                         

                    What's going on here then?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011   57.
                         
                         

                    Just discussing something.
                         

                    Looks like you're plotting
                    something.
                         

                    No, no.    More like planning.
                         

                    Huh.
                        
                    Carry on.
                         
          She leaves, grinning.
                         

                    Great. It's her birthday next week
                    now she thinks this is something
                    for her.
                         

                    She's in for a shock.
                         

                         
          O'Shea, Lisa, Smith, Brian and Dr Gleeson huddle.
                         

                    Listen, the only people that know
                    about this are us and it's gotta
                    stay that way or we'll have a panic
                    on our hands.
                         
          The group confer, sharing glances.
                         

                    How drunk are we talking here?
                         

                    Paddy levels of drunkenness.
                         
          They laugh loudly.
                         

                    You're gone off your game, boy.
                         

                    No offence but I don't think my
                    body can handle Paddy levels.
                         

                    It takes years of practice.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011      58.
                         
                         

                    If those things do come for us,
                    we'd be lambs to the slaughter if
                    bombed out of our brains.
                         

                    And with everyone hammered there's
                    no one in a fit state to call the
                    shots. The non-alcoholic shots.
                         

                    Yeah but single someone out and
                    they'll be sought as the only meat
                    on the menu.
                         

                    But what's to keep us safe from
                    ourselves, forget what's outside,
                    we could fall over and break our
                    necks trying to conga. Statistics
                    prove put a large number of people
                    in a confined space, ply them with
                    booze and --
                         

                    -- you've got a hooley.
                         

                    That's not what it said.
                         

                    This will work. And I'll keep
                    order. I won't be drinking.
                         
          Lisa almost steps back to take a closer look of him.
                         

                    You?   We'll both do it.
                         

                    That would put you both at risk.    I
                    suggest it's just O'Shea.
                         

                    Thanks.

                    Only one of us need risk it and I
                    know these people and this island
                    better than you. It should be me.
                         

                    I agree.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         59.
                         
                         
          Lisa ushers O'Shea aside (leaving the others talking amongst
          themselves).
                         

                    I see what you're doing here but
                    have you forgotten you're a
                    dependent alcoholic organising a
                    piss up in a brewery! I'll do it.
                    It'll be easier.
                         

                    Lisa, I'm good to no one when I
                    drink. I know that. So do you.     I
                    can do this.
                         

                    It's gonna rain any minute.
                         
          Lisa looks at him, holding his stare.   O'Shea doesn't flinch.

                         

                    OK. But just so you know, I don't
                    drink. I've never even been drunk.
                    I don't know if I can.
                         

                    Of course you can. And you'll be
                    the best drunken Guard this
                    country's ever seen. You'll
                    probably get promoted.
                         

                    Ah stop.
                         
          O'Shea smiles encouragingly. He takes out his flask and
          hands it to her. Suddenly he seems taller.
                         

                    Right, if we're doing this we'll
                    need a blood test from a healthy
                    subject. Lisa, you're the fittest
                    person here.
                         


                    You charmer. It's true, though.
                         

                    Brian, I want a table of everything
                    Paddy had last night.
                         

                    What night was last night?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           60.
                         
                         

                    Saturday night.
                         

                    Oh you gotta be joking me!
                         

                    Oh it was a big one.
                         

                    Comin' right up.
                         

                         
          The table has six empties on it. Lisa sees double that
          though as she grips her seat for balance.
                         

                    He never liked me as much as her.
                    She was the talented one, Daddy's
                    little girl. That bitch!
                         
          O'Shea holds her beer hand steady.
                         

                    Come on.   Three fingers.
                         

                    But I got you guys.    I love you
                    all. Even you.

                         

                    She's langers.
                         
          She downs the dregs and breathes deeply through her nose
          while stroking her hair as only drunk women do.
                         

                    There, that's everything.
                         
          Brian, Dr Gleeson and Smith don't know if they should clap.
          Paddy reaches into his pocket sheepishly.
                         

                    I also had a snifter of ...
                         
          A small bottle of what looks like water.      O'Shea stares him,
          knowing the answer before he asks.
                         

                    What's that?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          61.
                         
                         

                    A little home brew.
                         

                    You bring potcheen into my bar?
                         

                    A bird never flew on one wing.
                         

                    When this is over we need to talk.
                         

                    Ah come off it, this could save all
                    our lives yet.
                         
          Paddy pours a drop for Lisa.
                         

                    There ya go, pet.
                         
          Brian takes the bottle of potcheen from Paddy.
                         

                    I'll take that.
                         

                    You will in me shit.
                         

                    Paddy.
                         
          Lisa downs the potcheen and rests her head on the table.
                         

                    I need to pee.
                         

                         
          Dr Gleeson draws blood from Lisa. O'Shea, Brian and Paddy
          watch. Smith marks up a petri dish with his blood.
                         

                    Ow.
                         
          Smith places his petri dish of blood next to a cage and --
          WHIPAH! A tongue shoots out and hoovers up all the blood.
                         
          Brian's shocked.   Paddy almost chuckles.
                         

                    Now the tainted blood.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       62.
                         
                         

                    If you're right, this will kill it?
                         
          O'Shea presents Lisa's petri dish of blood and WHIPAH -- it
          hoovers it up.
                         
          The group leans in expectantly and BLEURGH! The Grabber
          projectile vomits up all the blood, startling and revolting
          them -- Ugh! And then it warps, withers and shrivels. Dead.
                         
          O'Shea holds the breathalyser in Lisa's mouth.
                         

                    Blow.

                    Point two.
                         

                    Holy Christ!
                         

                    OK, now we know what we gotta do.
                    Keep our blood alcohol levels at
                    point two.
                         
          The group's horrified, except for Paddy.
                         


                    You unnatural eejit. You're
                    what'll kill us. Point two?!
                         

                    How are we going to determine that
                    based on each person's body mass
                    index?
                         

                    You're looking at up to ten pints
                    each depending on height and
                    weight.
                         

                    We'll have to do shots. Properly
                    tear the arse out of it.
                         

                    So lets do it.
                         


                    Who's going to pay for all this by
                    the way?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          63.
                         
                         

                         
          The patrol jeep parks at the chapel.
                         

                         
          Brian, O'Shea and Lisa make their way towards the chapel
          doors.
                         

                         

                         

                         
          FR POTTS, an incredulous elder statesman, finishes mass.    His
          eclectic congregation of forty or so ISLANDERS bless
          themselves -- FISHERMEN, HOUSEWIVES, OAPs, Una, etc.
                         

                    Mass has ended, go in peace to love
                    and serve the Lord. Amen.
                         
          O'Shea, Brian and Lisa enter the back of the chapel.
                         

                    Is this everyone?
                         

                    It's Fr Potts last mass, so
                    everyone that didn't leave
                    yesterday for the thing in Dungary.
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa walk up the aisle towards Fr Potts as people
          rise to leave, some chatting to each other as they go.
                         

                    Father, do you mind if I say a few
                    words?
                         

                    Go mad.
                         
          O'Shea takes to the pulpit.
                         

                    Can I have your attention please?
                         
          The congregation looks up, considering O'Shea.   MAMIE, a grey
          haired granny, tuts to her neighbour.
                         

                    Oh here we go.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       64.
                         
                         

                    Folks, just a quick announcement,
                    at Maher's Tavern tonight we're
                    having a bit of a shindig and
                    you're all coming to join us for
                    what will be a great night's craic!
                         
          A wall of silence.
                         

                    You're throwing a party?
                         

                    Yeah.
                         

                    Why?
                         

                    Who needs a reason to have a laugh?
                         
          Lisa gestures to O'Shea, still drunk but she'll field this
          one.
                         

                    It's a welcome party for me.
                         
          Lisa seems very proud of herself for coming up with that.
                         

                    A welcome party? But you're
                    leaving in a fortnight.
                         

                    So it's a goodbye party.    Whatever.
                         

                    You only just got here.
                         


                    What's her problem?
                         

                    What we mean to say is --
                         
          A FISHERMAN rises to leave.
                         

                    -- Hey bucko! Where are you going?
                    This party's for your benefit. And
                    all of you are gonna be there too.
                    It's the law!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       65.
                         

                      And I swear to God I'll arrest any
                      one of you who isn't. Chalk it
                      down!
                         
          Lisa glares at the congregation.
                         

                      Are you coddin' us, love?
                         

                      What's your name?
                         
          He wilts.
                         

                      What Garda Nolan means is we'd love
                      your company. There's no point
                      going home to a cold, empty house
                      in weather like tonight when we'll
                      be right across the street from
                      here and we'll have music and craic
                      and company -- and a FREE BAR!
                         

                      What?!
                         
          HILDA, a stout woman, grabs her coat.
                         

                      Sold!
                         

                      That's the spirit! So c'mon, it's
                      a party and the drinks are on us!
                         

                         
          The JUKEBOX bellows with The Dubliners "Whiskey in the Jar" as
          Brian wades through the forty strong patrons. The drink's
          flowing, the merriment's joyous, ignorance is bliss.
                         

                         
          O'Shea, Lisa, Paddy, Smith and Dr Gleeson are gathered over a
          table.
                         

                      Weapons.   What have we got?
                         
          Lisa fumbles some skillets, knives and bats.
                         

                      Crap.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        66.
                         
                         

                     I've got a nail-gun.
                         
          THWACK!   He nails a board of wood.
                         

                     And a board with a nail in it.
                         
          O'Shea nods.   OK.
                         

                     I've got a hurley and a pellet gun.
                         

                     What are we gonna do with a pellet
                     gun?
                         

                     Shoot pellets. But I don't have
                     any pellets.
                         

                     Great, well you can just wave it at
                     them then.
                         

                     All right, what have you got?
                         

                     I've got a flare gun.
                         
          Everyone's impressed, except Paddy.
                         

                     I dibs the flare gun.
                         
          Brian slams a huge colourful Super-soaker before them.
                         

                     C.P.S. forty-one hundred pump
                     action twin jet Super Soaker.
                     Shoots twenty feet. The nephew's.
                         

                     A water pistol? This thing likes
                     the water.
                         

                     It's a water pistol if you use
                     water. Fill it with petrol and
                     you've got a flamethrower.
                         

                     I dibs the water pistol.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        67.
                         
                         

                    Right, well look sharp. You know
                    your stations: guard each exit and
                    don't let anyone out. Bottoms up.
                         
          They each raise shot glasses and knock them back.   Lisa licks
          her salted wrist.
                         

                    Tequila!
                         
          She sucks the lime slice and everyone disperses. Alone,
          O'Shea considers the back window as the first drops of rain
          pelt against it. The MUSIC builds. This is it.
                         

                         
          Lapped by the surf, the detritus of egg spawns litter the
          shore as streams of track marks trail inland.
                         

                         
          Rain begins to fall, hard and fast.   No turning back now.
                         

                         
          MUSIC belts out of the Jukebox as folks get flutered.
          
                         

                         
          Dr Gleeson guards the back entrance with his nail gun,
          watching the rain through a gap in the side door.
                         

                         
          Brian tends bar, pouring shots. One for you, one for me.
          Mamie from the chapel leans on the counter, pisht.
                         

                    Two shandies, Brian pet.
                         
          Brian knocks up two shandies but spikes both with blinding
          double shots of vodka.
                         

                    How's the heart, Mamie?
                         

                    Tip top.
                         


                    Thank Christ for that.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          68.
                         
                         
          He palms them to her, guilty as sin. She sips one and
          coughs, teary eyed. The wind knocked out of her.
                         

                    Perfect.
                         
          She staggers off.
                         

                         
          Smith sips his vodka coke, watching the back door and
          standing by with the walkie talkie.
                         

                         
          Paddy sips his pint by the front door while Una dances with
          Hilda, Mamie and others.
                         

                         
          O'Shea and Lisa sit on stakeout outside the pub, rain pelting
          against the windscreen.
                         

                    I dunno, you know?
                         
          She doubles up, laughing.     O'Shea fights off a smile.
                         

                    C'mere. Listen. Listen. At the
                    end of the day, you know? I dunno.
                    I'm so into you right now. Joke.

                    Kinda.
                         
          She watches his reaction and stifles a burp.
                         

                    How much have you had?
                         

                    Not enough to fancy you.
                         

                    Then keep drinking.
                         
          O'Shea puts the breathalyser in her mouth.
                         

                    Blow.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       69.
                         
                         

                    That's it, is it? You think I
                    think I fancy you. That's the
                    sitchuashun we got, huh?
                         


                    No more for you.
                         

                    Well I do. So whatcha wanna do
                    'bout it? Arrest me?
                         
          She smiles coyly.   Or tries to.
                         

                    You know as flattering as it is to
                    hear a beautiful drunk slurring her
                    feelings for me, now's not the
                    time.
                         
          Lisa scoffs, then something  sobers her.
                         

                    Why do you drink so much, Ciarán?
                         

                    For the craic.
                         

                    Yeah right, and I work everyday
                    'cause I'm driven.
                         
          Lisa hears herself aloud.    The admission sinks her.
                         

                    Always chasing them goals, you
                    know? Always chasing. Always
                    running.
                         
          O'Shea considers her, recognising her vulnerability.
                         

                    You're too hard on yourself.
                         
          Lisa wells up, the drink making her emotional.
                         

                    I feel like I've known you for
                    years. I don't know why.
                         

                    Maybe because I put years onto
                    people.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        70.
                         
                         

                    ... Yeah.    That's true.
                         
          They gaze at each other until O'Shea looks away first.   Lisa
          hiccups. As ladylike as possible.
                         

                    I'm sorry about your wife, O'Shea.
                    I really am.
                         

                    My what?
                         

                    Una told me, how she died.    I'm so
                    sorry.
                         

                    Una said what?   Of all the
                    stories. Una is the biggest gossip
                    going. You shouldn't listen to
                    her. No one died. We just ... we
                    didn't work out.
                         

                    Oh.    Ah shite, I'm sorry.
                         

                    You're grand.
                         

                    ... Did you split because ...
                    because of your alcoholickissness?
                         

                    I didn't drink back then. No, she
                    met someone else. It happens.
                         
          O'Shea hides it well but this hurts.    Lisa notices.
                         

                    Feck her, O'Shea. If you want I'll
                    find her and do her in for you?
                         
          O'Shea smiles.   Lisa reciprocates drunkenly.
                         

                    A toast. From an alcoholic to a
                    workaholic.
                        
                    To getting out of this alive.
                         
          A moment shared and then...
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       71.
                         
                         

                    Hmm, toast.
                         
          O'Shea smiles and grabs the C.B. Radio.
                         

                    Patrol to Base. Patrol to Base.
                    Come in, over.
                         

                         
          Smith belches under his breath and clutches a walkie-talkie.
          Behind him, people are reenacting the 'Siege of Ennis' which
          involved dancing jigs and holding hands for some reason.
                         

                    Reading you loud and clear.     Over.
                         

                    How are we doing?
                         
          Smith regards the Islanders enjoying the craic.
                         

                    Ignorance is bliss.
                         

                    Great.   Keep it up. Over.
                         
          Smith moves back into the kitchen.
                         

                         
          Smith goes to finish his vodka coke but it's already empty.
          He goes to make another but then notices Paddy's potcheen
          bottle sitting idle on the counter. He considers it.
                         
          Uncorks it. Sniffs it. Pours himself a drop. Tastes it.
          Hmm, likes it. And pours himself a lethal dose of it,
          smiling away to himself. Sure God love him, he's fucked.
                         

                         
          Brian ticks a chart, tabulating whose had what and how much.
          Hilda from the chapel orders.
                         

                    Two pints please, Brian.
                         
          Brian ticks a piece of paper and starts pouring her pints.
                         

                    Both for you?
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          72.
                         
                         

                    No.   Jesus, what'cha take me for?
                         

                    Right, right. Are you sure?
                         

                    I am!
                         

                    Grand, grand. C'mere Hilda, you're
                    looking well. Did you lose weight?
                         
          Hilda lights up, delighted with herself.
                         

                    Aw, really? Well I have been doin'
                    the walkin'.
                         

                    Yeah, yeah. How much would you say
                    you lost? Would I be right in
                    thinking you're around fourteen
                    stone?
                         
          She stares, gobsmacked.
                         

                    No? Fifteen? Yeah, I better go
                    with fifteen to be safe.
                         

                         
          Dr Gleeson sways past Paddy as he returns from the back.
                         

                    Ya all right?
                         

                    Ugh, bloated.
                         

                    Ya haven't touched your pint.    Ya
                    gonna finish it?
                         

                    Hold onto it for me.
                         
          Dr Gleeson walks off, giving Paddy his nail gun. Paddy waits
          a few seconds then siphons a sup off Gleeson's drink.
                         

                         
          Outside the MEN'S BATHROOM Dr Gleeson joins a long queue.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           73.
                         
                         

                    C'mon, c'mon. Is some bloke doin'
                    his makeup or what?
                         
          He shuffles on his feet.   He can't wait a minute longer.
                         

                    Ah, feck the likes of this.
                         
          He abandons the line.
                         

                         
          Dr Gleeson sneaks out, spots the Patrol Jeep and ducks into
          the alcove -- out of sight.
                         
          He leans against the wall, peeing. Rain runs down the
          corrugated roof. Relief. For now. He zips up, turns and
          sees ... JUMPERS. Dozens of them. Dr Gleeson chills.
                         
          Limbless bouncing piranhas. They move clumsily, regularly
          toppling over as they hop, leap and jump. They're not very
          intelligent or agile but they're inquisitive. And starving.
                         
          For a moment there's a curious stand-off, and then a Jumper
          hops closer startling Dr Gleeson.
                         

                    Whoa, feck off!
                         
          Dr Gleeson kicks it like a football and it launches through
          the air, SQUEALING. With beaks gaping, spiked tongues
          curling, the rest of the Jumpers move in on him.
                         

                         
          O'Shea tosses a peanut into the air to catch in his open
          mouth but he misses as he stares, slackjawed at --
                         

                         
          -- Dr Gleeson staggering blindly in the rain, a Jumper
          clamped onto his head, swallowing him down to his nose.
                         

                    Christ Almighty, me head!
                         
          O'Shea bounds from the jeep, hurley in hand.   Lisa flanks
          him, staggering with a golf club.
                         

                    Jim, don't move!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           74.
                         
                         
          Dr Gleeson stumbles forward as Jumpers maul him and others
          circle like fat toddlers around an ice-cream truck. He falls
          to his knees before O'Shea and Lisa.
                         

                    Get it off! Get it off!
                         
          Lisa stamps the group as if scaring off a load of stray cats.
                         

                    Git!   G'wan! Shag off!
                         
          The Jumpers keep their distance as O'Shea drags the Jumper
          off Dr Gleeson's head, like tugging on a wedged welly. He
          pulls it off and the Jumpers disperse into the shadows.
                         

                    You OK, Jim?
                         
          Dr Gleeson catches his breath, gasping, his hair stood up on
          his head like a gelled explosion.
                         

                    I had to piss.
                         
          Suddenly the silhouette of a tree behind Dr Gleeson comes
          alive. They're not branches, they're tentacles. Flashes of
          lightning reflect off its slick, oily skin as --
                         
          A TORNADO OF BLACK FEELERS SLITHER FORWARD.    25 foot of ugly.
                         
          Off Lisa and O'Shea's horrified faces, Dr Gleeson turns to
          meet Medusa on a bad hair day.
                         
          The Grabber seizes him, lifts him high and dangles him over
          its jaws like plucked grapes. Then drops him before he can
          scream. Devoured like a banana in a blender.
                         
          Dr Gleeson's dead. Or at least incredibly injured. The
          Grabber spits a pip: Dr Gleeson's head. It lands at Lisa's
          feet. No, he's definitely dead.
                         

                    Fuck that.
                         
          Lisa bounds for the jeep.     The Grabber ROARS!   Spittle flying
          out of its gaping maw.
                         

                         
          "The Irish Rover" bellows on the JUKEBOX. People clap and
          jig. Una swings Fr Potts, linked onto him, until he flies
          loose of her and staggers into Paddy's table. Wahey!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         75.
                         
                         

                    Jesus Christ, Una.
                         
          Everyone's having a ball. The Pogues with The Dubliners
          carry outside, accompanying the action as --
                         

                         
          Lisa climbs behind the wheel and O'Shea hurries to catch up.
                         

                    Get in.
                         
          She opens the passenger door for him but tears off leaving
          him behind. Driving drunk.
                         

                    WAIT!    Oh Jesus Mary Mother of God.
                         
          She slams on the brakes.      Skids.
                         

                    Shite.    Get in.
                         
          O'Shea catches up and dives in the backseat.
                         

                    Drive!    Drive!
                         
          Lisa does, but reversing towards the Grabber.
                         


                         
          They ram into the Grabber, the car jolting violently.
                         

                    Shite!
                         

                    Let me drive!
                         

                    I'm not feeling so good.     I need a
                    drink to calm me nerves.
                         
          She reaches for a quick swig but O'Shea bats the bottle away
          from her puckered lips.
                         

                    Get us out of here!
                         

                    I can't drive with you shaking me.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        76.
                         
                         
          Lisa crunches gears and the tyres smoke and spin, fighting
          against the drag. The Grabber smothers the jeep, its fetid
          breath fogging the windscreen. O'Shea SCREAMS! Lisa sobs.
                         

                    We're gonna die!
                         
          O'Shea grabs at the handbrake, putting them in gear,
          desperate to get them moving.
                         

                    Put your foot on the clutch!
                         

                    I am arresting you for the murder
                    of Doctor Gleeson. You are not
                    obliged to say anything unless you
                    wish to do so, but whatever you say
                    will be taken down in writing and
                    may be given in evidence.
                         

                    Base to Patrol. O'Shea we're
                    running short here. We're dry on
                    four taps and out of spirits and
                    wines. Over.
                         
          O'Shea grabs the radio.
                         



                         
          Lisa switches on the PATROL LIGHTS and PALMS THE HORN.
                         
          The Grabber leaps back from the jeep and flares up like a
          huntsman spider, hissing.
                         

                    Fuck that.
                         
          Lisa bounds from the jeep leaving O'Shea staring in shock.
          He kicks open his door and scrambles after her as the Grabber
          leaps onto the jeep and smashes it. Seconds to spare.
                         
          Lisa turns to look.
                         

                    It's eating the jeep.
                         
          O'Shea runs past, grabbing her hand and pulling her along.
                         

                    Let it!
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          77.
                         
                         

                         
          Brian opens the side door and stops as he sees the chaos.
                         

                    Merciful shit.
                         
          He turns back and --
                         

                         
          -- grabs his super soaker off the coat rack.
                         

                    Smith!
                         
          Smith lifts his head up off the kitchen table. His eyes are
          furiously blood shot and he looks like he's had a stroke.
                         


                    I can't feel my face.
                         

                    Smith, the lighter!
                         

                    I think I'm drunk, Brian.
                         

                    Hurry!
                         
          Smith rises and stagger-runs to Brian but slams into the wall
          instead. He slides onto the floor where he lulls, confused.
                         

                    Your floor is broken.
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa barrel in.     O'Shea looks for stuff to
          barricade the door.
                         

                    Grab the table.
                         
          Brian belches, also pissed.
                         

                    Smith!   Light me!
                         
          Remaining slumped on the floor, Smith sparks a Zippo lighter
          and holds it up for Brian to light the gun nozzle. But like
          fellas after ten pints trying to stick their key in the front
          door they can't synchronize their movements.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         78.
                         
                         
          Brian squats, the way only a drunk would, to steady himself.
                         

                    Nearly. Put the other light away.
                    ... Stall on now. That's it ...
                         

                    Brian, forget that help us
                    barricade the door.
                         

                    Almost there.
                         
          O'Shea and Lisa drag the heavy table into position.
                         

                         

                         
          Finally Brian sets the wick in the nozzle of the super-soaker
          alight, pumps furiously and aims it out the door.
                         

                    All right you ugly bollocks, have
                    some of this shit!
                         
          He takes squirts and ... nothing happens.   Except the gun tip
          melts and lights ablaze.
                         

                    Ahh, Christ!
                         
          The Grabber ROARS getting closer.
                         

                    That's gonna blow!   Get rid of it!
                         
          Brian tosses the super-soaker outside and slams the door,
          double-bolting it, just in time as Una sways in, drink in
          hand, to find O'Shea, Lisa, Smith and Brian in a right state.
                         


                    What's goin' on?
                         

                    Nothing!
                         
          BOOM! A bright flash of fire blossoms outside.   O'Shea
          barricades the door with furniture.
                         

                    What was that?
                  GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011      79.
                         
                         

                       What was what?
                         
          Brian grabs a glass of wine.
                         

                       Here, honey, have a drink.
                         

                       I have a drink.
                         

                       Have two.
                         

                       I've drunk enough.
                         

                       Move back.
                         
          THUD!    The door rattles.
                         


                       Who is it?
                         

                       It's nobody, honey.
                         

                       Who wants toast?
                         

                       I do.
                         

                       Is every one all right?
                         

                       Grand.
                         
          BLEURGH!    Smith vomits against the wall.
                         

                       Mother of Jesus!
                         
          POP!    Lisa's toast arrives.      She butters it.
                         

                       Is this what I'm like when I'm
                       drunk?
                         
          Lisa stares at him, chewing toast.       Eyes swimming.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       80.
                         
                         

                    You're worse.
                         
          O'Shea hustles every one out of the kitchen.
                         

                         
          O'Shea pushes through the oblivious patrons towards the bar.
          Brian flicks the taps. They hiss and sputter.
                         


                    We're dry.
                         

                    We're what?!
                         

                    Unless someone goes outside to
                    change the kegs, we're done
                    drinking for the night.
                         
          Paddy's devastated.
                         

                    No!    NO!
                         
          He thumps the counter.
                         

                    I was just gettin' a taste for it.
                         
          The gang talk over the din. The Islanders still blissfully
          unaware of what's happening.
                         
          For a moment O'Shea's lost in his own world as he notices
          he's absentmindedly clutching a pint from the counter. He
          considers it, then pushes it away, grabs a chair and rises.
                         

                    Folks, listen carefully. We're
                    moving this party upstairs.
                         

                    Ah now, what kind of party is this?
                         

                    It's just a precaution.
                         

                    A precaution to what?
                         
          O'Shea thinks.   Mamie rises with her coat.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       81.
                         
                         


                    I'm goin' home. I'm pisht.
                         
          She sits back down again, losing her balance.
                         

                    You can't.     No one can.
                         

                    Why?
                         

                    It's raining.
                         
          People look, huh?
                         

                    Someone better tell us what's
                    really going on here? Right now!
                         

                         

                         

                         

                         
          Panic and confusion spreads through the crowd.
                         

                    This party isn't for me, is it,
                    Brian?! You lied to me!
                         


                    You see you! This is your fault.
                    You brought that thing on the
                    island.
                         

                    What thing?
                         
          Smith hangs onto the pub wall, edging towards the front door
          as everyone's attention is focused on the commotion inside.
                         


                    Are these my sausages?!

                    Kill me.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          82.
                         
                         


                    Ah relax. You'll give yourself
                    angina.
                         

                    I'll give ya angina.    Outside, now!
                    I claim ya!
                         

                    No!   You can't go outside!
                         

                        
                    Because of the rain.
                         
          Lisa winks sleepily at the huddled masses as O'Shea gets
          between Brian and Paddy, separating them.
                         


                    C'mon then, put 'em up.
                         

                    Right you are! I'm sick of your
                    bollocks.
                         
          Brian rolls up his sleeves.   Paddy takes out his teeth.
                         

                    Paddy! Brian! Cop on, I'm asking
                    ya! Now's not the time for this.
                         
          Paddy and Brian drunkenly box (by missing every punch, and
          falling over a lot). Una repeatedly punches Brian's arm.
                         


                    Stop fightin! Stop fightin!
                         
          Fr Potts holds onto the huddled and terrified Islanders.
          Lisa looks them all in the eyes, swaying and smiling.
                         

                    Don't worry, we have it all under
                    control. There's nothing trying to
                    kill you.
                         
          Smith opens the front door, letting a chilling breeze into
          the pub. Everyone turns to see.
                         

                    We need more alcohol.

               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011      83.
                         
                         
          Smith staggers out the open door.
                         

                    Thanks be to Jesus, let me out of
                    here!
                         

                    No!
                         
          O'Shea runs to the door holding people back from trying to
          follow. Folks jostle to see out windows and over shoulders.
                         

                    Get back! Smith, what are you
                    doing? Smith!
                         

                         
          Smith staggers out into the rain.
                         

                    It's raining again.
                         
          O'Shea, Lisa and Paddy hang at the door, watching.
                         

                    Smith, listen to me. It's bigger
                    than you think. Get back inside
                    now! Please, I'm begging you.
                         

                    I need a picture with it. For
                    National Geographic. And Facebook.
                         

                    Feck your photos, change the kegs!

                    What? He's flutered, sure he'll be
                    fine. G'wan, Smith! Fine fella
                    y'are!
                         
          A GROWL in the darkness. A hint of movement in the blackest
          shadows. O'Shea pales. Smith raises his digital camera.
                         

                    Smith, mate! Listen to me!
                         
          FLASH! He snaps a photo and The Grabber lights up for a
          split second, ten feet from Smith.
                         

                    Shush, you'll scare it.
                         
          INTERCUT SMITH with THE PUB.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011               84.
                         
                         

                     Oh my God!
                         

                     What the fuck was that?
                         

                     A Grabber.
                         
          FLASH!   Eight feet away from Smith.       And moving slowly.
                         
          FLASH!   Five feet.
                         
          FLASH!   Two.
                         
          FLASH! The Grabber breaths on Smith, the air misting as its
          black lips unfurl back, revealing its pink bladed throat.
                         

                     Steady. You don't want to eat me.
                     I'm ripped to the tits!
                         
          Tentacles molest Smith, writhing all over him, mussing his
          hair. Licking and tasting his sweat.
                         

                     Sticky.
                         
          The Grabber recoils, having tasted his sweat.       Yuck!
                         

                         
                     See! I told you. It's just an
                     animal, it doesn't want to hur--
                         
          -- OOF! The Grabber flicks Smith out its way like a peanut,
          sending him shooting off into the night sky.
                         
          Folks SCREAM and whimper.       Complete shock.
                         

                     He flew?!
                         
          The Grabber charges straight for them.       O'Shea slams the door
          and turns, back flush against it --
                         

                     Everyone, upstairs!      Now!
                         
          The pub door collapses and JUMPERS flood in, breaching the
          fort. No doubt about it now, they're on a sinking ship.
                         
          A stampede for the stairs.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         85.
                         
                         

                         
          Islanders clamber into the corridor, petrified.
                         

                         
          O'Shea pulls a cabinet over, leaving obstacles in his wake.
                         

                         
          O'Shea and some others push furniture down the stairs,
          blocking access with a fortified wall of rubble.
                         
          The upstairs hallway is jammed as Brian opens a door into an
          OLD DISUSED UPSTAIRS PUB, allowing people to filter in. The
          ruckus below sounding like a bar brawl.
                         

                    Everyone, stay calm.    They can't
                    get up here.
                         

                    And what in the name of fuck were
                    those things?
                         

                    Jumpers.
                         

                    Ha?
                         

                    They jump.
                         
          THUD! CRASH! BANG! Islanders whimper.      O'Shea moves
          through the hallway, through the crowd.
                         

                    Has anyone been bitten?
                        
                    You haven't been bitten because of
                    the alcohol you've been drinking.
                    They're allergic to drunk people.
                    So there's no need to panic, we're
                    safe up here. Has anyone got a
                    mobile on them?
                         
          Everyone takes out a phone, some take out two.
                         

                    Call the mainland. Call the
                    Coastguard. Call whoever you can
                    get through to.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        86.
                         
                         
          They start dialling.
                         

                    Father, is it the apocalypse?
                         

                    Jesus, I hope not.
                         
          O'Shea catches his breath, hunched against the corner. He
          looks up to Una, Brian, Lisa and Paddy watching him. He
          forces the best smile he can muster.
                         

                    We'll be fine!
                         

                         
          The Grabber retreats into the darkness.
                         

                         
          Brian opens the door to a supply closet. O'Shea and Lisa
          flank him. The closet's full of innocuous cleaning products,
          blankets, etc.
                         

                    It's just linen and cleaning stuff.
                    Nothing we can really use.
                         

                    Why can't ya just shoot it?     Ye
                    guys must have some guns.
                         
          Brian closes the closet.
                         

                    We're the Gardai. Not the LAPD.
                        
                    An Garda Siochana will succeed not
                    by force of arms or numbers, but on
                    their moral authority as servants
                    of the people.
                         
          Lisa gasps. She grins at him with drunken pride.    O'Shea
          almost blushes.
                         

                    We're bolloxed.
                         

                    Yep.
                         
          Brian shuts the door.
                  GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       87.
                         
                         

                         
          O'Shea watches the windows.
                         

                       Something's not right.   It can't be
                       that hungry.
                         
          Eavesdropping, Paddy chimes in.
                         

                       It's the female. It's following
                       her scent. Sure didn't she slime
                       you in the lab? Like with me
                       bathroom and Tadhg Murphy.
                         

                       Tadhg Murphy's dead!
                         
          Some hallway people whimper, overhearing O'Shea.
                         

                       No, no, Tadhg Murphy's fine. He's
                       at the festival on the mainland.
                         

                       And so's his wife.
                         
          The Islanders gasp.    Irene's dead too?!     Ah fuck.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                         
          THUD!    A dead sheep slams the door .
                         

                         
          Brian peeks out the bedroom window.     Brian rounds the corner,
          back towards O'Shea et al ...
                         

                       It's swinging one of Tommy
                       Riordan's sheep at the door.
                         
          Paddy, Lisa, Una and O'Shea look.     THUD!   THUD!
                  GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011      88.
                         
                         

                       My cat does that, then leaves it on
                       the doorstep as a present.
                         

                       A mating ritual.
                         

                         

                       What the hell does that mean?
                         

                       It'll try to mount you, somehow.
                       Failing that it'll most likely rip
                       you limb from limb in frustration.
                         

                       Grand.   Ah sure what can ya do.
                         

                       Play hard to get.
                         
          THUD!    The Grabber ROARS and slithers off into the shadows.
                         

                       Oh, God.     What does it want?
                         
          O'Shea looks at the scared Islanders. He's what it wants.
          The sound of WINDOWS SHATTERING. Islander's whimper.
                         

                       It's not gonna stop, is it? We
                       won't survive the night. We're on
                       a sinking ship.
                         
          Brian breathalyses himself sorrowfully.
                         

                       What's your reading?
                         

                       Too drunk to drive a car but not
                       drunk enough. We're sobering up.
                       All of us.
                         
          O'Shea nods tensely.
                         
          Brian consoles Una as another loud THUD shakes the floor and
          the ceiling light shade above them.
                         

                       We can't just sit here. It'll
                       bring the walls down around us.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011   89.
                         
                         

                    What if we threw a bomb at it?
                         

                    Have you got semtex on you?
                         

                    Not on me, no.
                         

                    How about we like push it off a
                    cliff or something.
                         

                    Or electrocute it?   I don't know.
                         

                    I vote we feed it Father Potts.
                    Unless it eats shit it'll choke to
                    death.
                         

                    I beg your pardon.
                         
          Fr Potts perks up from the darker corner.
                         

                    Feck, is he in here? I was joking,
                    Father. I apologise.
                         
          Fr Potts disregards him.
                         

                    If we can't destroy it, what can we
                    do?
                         

                        
                    What about the phones?
                         
          Fr Potts shakes his head.   Nothing.
                         

                    OK, we know it does two things: it
                    drinks blood and it breathes water.
                    We took away one, we could take
                    away the other.
                         

                    What do you mean?
                         

                    We need to keep it away from water.
                    Dry it out somehow.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         90.
                         
                         

                        
                    Look outside.
                         

                    There's got to be some way we can
                    stop it, fight fire with fire.
                         
          Lisa notices her police boots from the day before, seeing the
          chalky stains all along them. An idea!
                         

                    The Grabber! Not the Grabber-
                    Grabber, the mechanical one!
                        
                    The big yoke, with the arm and the
                    thing and you know? That big aul
                    whatchamacallit you crush things
                    with. The feckin' thing at
                    Cooney's site! What's it called?
                         

                    A Grabber?
                         

                    Exactly! With that thing you could
                    grab it, hoist it up and trap it.
                    It's raining now but it has to stop
                    some time right? And when it does
                    it'd be stuck. Once the sun comes
                    up it'd cook. That'd dry it out.
                         
          O'Shea's eyes brighten, he smiles at Lisa.    She smiles back,
          properly proud of herself.
                         

                    You think you can catch that thing?
                         

                    Sure 'tis lepping about all over
                    the shop.
                         

                    You'd need some sort of...?
                         
          O'Shea clenches the leprechaun key-ring in his fist.
                         

                    -- A death trap.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011        91.
                         
                         

                         
          O'Shea moves to a window to clock a white PICKUP TRUCK parked
          outside in the rain. His purposeful stride instilling
          confidence in the others. O'Shea's back in charge.
                         


                    Have you got the keys to your
                    truck?
                         
          Brian checks his pockets.
                         

                    They'd be in the kitchen.     On the
                    table, I think.
                         

                    I need them.
                         

                    You can't go downstairs, those
                    things will tear you to pieces.
                         

                    She's right.
                         

                    You might not get past them, but
                    someone else could.
                         

                    You'd be talking about the drunkest
                    person we got.
                         
          All eyes fall on Lisa as she licks her dry mouth.   Off their

                         

                    Absolutely not, it's too risky.
                    Paddy you go.
                         

                    What?   Feck off!   Brian should go.
                         
          Brian considers it.   Una's having none of it.
                         

                    I could try...
                         

                    Not a hope.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            92.
                         
                         

                        
                    Slow down there. I'll do it.
                         

                    No.   It's too dangerous.
                         

                    Which is exactly why you'll want
                    the best drunken guard this
                    country's ever seen. Right?
                         
          Lisa looks at him, holding his stare.     O'Shea smiles.
                         

                         
          The gang rally around Lisa at the stairway blockade.       O'Shea
          hands her the nail-gun.
                         

                    If you get in trouble.      Pull the
                    trigger.
                         
          She takes it in her hands, drunkenly marveling.
                         

                    Oooh, savage.
                         
          She pulls the trigger and a nail stabs the wall inches from
          Paddy's head.
                         

                    Careful.
                         

                    You missed.
                         
          Paddy throws Brian a withering look.
                         

                    Just get the keys and come right
                    back. I'll do the rest.
                         
          Fr Potts blesses her.
                         

                    Got it.    Just the keys.
                         
          They pull away debris, allowing a gap. Lisa and O'Shea's
          gaze holds a second longer than necessary. Lisa smiles.
                         

                    I'll be all right.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         93.
                         
                         

                         
          Lisa scrambles through.    Una steals a glimpse downstairs.
                         

                    Look what they've done to the
                    carpets!
                         
          Brian consoles Una as O'Shea and Paddy seal the gap.
                         
          Suddenly Lisa TRIPS and slips down some stairs. Waking the
          dead. O'Shea, Brian, Una and Paddy gasp, listening.
                         
          Lisa picks herself up.
                         


                         

                    Shush!!    Keep your voice down!
                         

                    She's a goner.
                         
          O'Shea looks at Paddy, then at Brian.
                         

                    How are you gonna get to the truck?
                         

                    Run very fast.
                         

                    Love, you're not that fast.
                         

                    You'll need a decoy.
                         

                    I got it. If its you it wants,
                    then we give it what it wants. We
                    fashion a dummy, dress it up like
                    bait and confuse the shite out of
                    it. It won't know where to look
                    when there's two of you.
                         

                    And how the hell do we make a
                    dummy?
                         
          O'Shea looks at Paddy, he likes that idea.
                         

                    Improvise.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          94.
                         
                         

                         
          Jumpers mill about, tearing the place asunder. One studies
          itself in a mirror, until it can't stand itself any more. It
          attacks the mirror and knocks itself out.
                         
          Another chokes while trying to eat a pool ball.   Lisa rounds
          a corner, slumping lazily against the wall.
                         

                    Focus.
                         
          She takes a deep breath and moves in amongst them. She
          sidesteps over one and dips her hand into a peanut bowl.
          She palms them into her mouth, chews and scans the room.
                         
          A Jumper leaps onto the counter beside her. POP! It
          collapses back. Another Jumper climbs onto her foot.
                         

                    Get off.
                         
          She kicks her leg and the Jumper flies off and smacks into
          the JUKEBOX, turning it on. Mundy's "Galway Girl" blasts.
                         

                         
          Brian, Una, Fr Potts, O'Shea and Paddy grab supplies. A mop,
          a broom, a coat rack, marigold gloves, twine. The MUSIC

                         

                    I love that song.
                         

                    What is she doing at all?
                         
          They begin assembling something as O'Shea masks his concern:
                         

                    Hurry.
                         

                         

                         

                         
          Lisa searches for the keys. She scans the floor, finding the
          full bottle of potcheen Smith drank.
                         
          She tucks it in her jacket pocket and continues searching as
          behind her the back door slowly opens; its lock broken.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         95.
                         
                         
          Tentacles reach inside, snaking silently towards her as she
          finds Smith's Zippo lighter and holds onto it.
                         
          She spots the keys under a stove and reaches, straining. Her
          face flush with the floor as the tentacles close in. Suddenly
          a stray tentacle knocks a dangling skillet --
                         
          -- CLANG! Lisa spins and fires the nail gun as tentacles
          rush towards her.
                         
          A hail of nails stab the wall and BLOW OUT the wall mounted
          fuse box -- BANG!
                         

                         
          Sudden DARKNESS is met with SCREAMS!
                         

                         
          Lisa dives into the main bar and flips the Zippo lighter as
          the Grabber seizes her leg.
                         
          The lighter falls beyond reach and takes fuel off the coat
          rack. Flames crawl high upon the jackets and coats.
                         


                         
          The Grabber drags Lisa across the pub floor.
                         

                         
          Paddy, Brian and O'Shea slot the mop into the coat rack and
          slide a broom through the horizontal gap, its clear now
          they're building a scarecrow. O'Shea puts his jacket over
          it, dressing it. Una sniffs the air in the hall.
                         

                    Do you smell smoke?
                         

                         
          Lisa grabs hold of the bar counter foot rail, but she's
          quickly pulled from it and slides into the
                         

                         
          towards the gaping jaws that fill the backyard door frame.
          She grabs broken bottles off the floor and stabs at the
          tentacle, glassing them. She grabs Dr Gleeson's board with a
          nail in it and slams it home. It uncoils around her feet.
                         
          Free, she runs for the pub front door.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011           96.
                         
                         

                         
          O'Shea frantically pulls apart the blockade as smoke funnels
          up towards them. People panic.
                         

                    We're going up in flames!
                         

                    Where is she?
                         

                    You gotta go now.
                         

                    I need those keys.
                         

                    We can't wait, son.
                         
          O'Shea opens the hallway window and climbs out.   He nods
          towards Brian awaiting his cue: do it.
                         

                         
          Brian flings the window open towards the rain.
                         

                    Yoohoo! Come and get me, you
                    rotten bastard!
                         
          Paddy, Fr Potts, Brian and Una pick up O'Shea's scarecrow
          decoy and chuck it out the window into the back yard. Brian
          shuts the window and SPLAT-BANG!
                         
          Everyone jumps back!   Startled as --
                         
          -- the Grabbers's mouth fills the window, kissing glass. It
          crawls upwards, smudging the window. Folks stare, horrified.
                         
          Brian looks back at O'Shea's open window.   He runs to it.
                         

                         
          O'Shea drops onto the back wall and shimmies along it.
                         

                    Run, O'Shea, run!
                         
          O'Shea looks back at Brian and sees pitching itself over the
          roof of the pub -- the GRABBER. It cascades towards him like
          a sticky spaghetti slinky, tentacles tumbling.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011         97.
                         
                         
          Suddenly skidding around the corner, spewing up mud, comes
          Lisa in Brian's old pickup. She parks right below O'Shea.
                         

                     Lisa?
                         

                     Would ya come on for fuck sake!
                         
          O'Shea's never been so pleased to see her behind the wheel.
                         

                         
          THUMP!   O'Shea jumps in the pickup.
                         


                         

                     I'm breaking so many laws.
                     Drinking on duty. Driving under
                     the influence. Speeding. Driving
                     without lights on.
                         


                         


                     Ah that's better.
                         
          They tear off, leaving the Grabber behind.     ROARING!
                         

                         
          Brian, Paddy and Una watch from the window.
                         

                     Good luck, boy.
                         
          Brian hands Paddy an axe.      
                         

                     Let's bury the hatchet, Paddy...
                     into the heads of those feckin'
                     things!
                         

                     Jumpers.
                         

                     Come on!
                         
          Paddy takes the axe and the trio turn to go to work.
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011       98.
                         
                         

                         
          Brian's pickup races along, splashing through a puddle and
          leaving an empty road in its wake, that is until the Grabber
          appears over the hill, ripping along and gaining on them.
                         

                         
          Rain dribbles down the "KEEP OUT" sign as the pickup smacks
          into it, knocking it down. Lisa and O'Shea bail out and
          regard the empty site. Lisa runs towards the trucks as --
                         
          -- O'Shea makes a beeline for the site's gennie. He starts
          it up and light fills the site from big work lamps dotted
          about.
                         

                    It's following me, so you get the
                    crusher and I'll lure it into
                    position.
                         
          Lisa backs into O'Shea, dread painted on her face.
                         

                    It's gone.
                         

                    What is?
                         

                    The crusher, the JCB. It's gone.
                    It's not here anymore.
                         
          On that -- A ROAR! They turn and see the Grabber staring at
          them from across camp. It stalks forward like a cat
          approaching its prey. O'Shea and Lisa back up, keeping their
          distance. No sudden movements.
                         

                    Ciarán.
                         

                    I know.
                         

                    What are we gonna do now?
                         

                    Fuck knows.
                         
          O'Shea takes out and checks the flare gun. Two cartridges.
          He looks around him, looking for ideas. He sees something --
               GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          99.
                         
                         

                    I've got an idea.
                         
          Lisa clocks something, too.   On the other side of them.
                         

                    I've got an idea too.
                         

                    What's your idea?
                         

                    Why, what are you thinking?
                         


                         
          The Grabber lurches forward sounding the starter pistol and
          storms towards them.
                         

                        
                    Wait! We're not ready!
                         

                    Run!
                         

                    Give me the keys!
                         
          O'Shea tosses Cooney's leprechaun key-chain at Lisa. She
          reaches to catch it but it sails past her drunken hands.
                         

                    Got 'em.   Shit!
                         
          Lisa staggers after the keys and snatches them off the
          footprints she left in the cement, now dry and rock hard.
                         

                    Got 'em!
                         
          O'Shea runs the incline of the ramp, gunning for the pit.
                         

                         
          Lisa slams into the bulldozer and stabs Cooney's keys into
          the driver's door but they won't open. They're --
                         

                    -- the wrong keys. It won't open.

              GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          100.
                         
                         
          She grabs a 2x4 off the ground and smashes the cabin's
          window. She climbs inside, grabs a screwdriver off a toolbox
          and sets to work jacking the ignition.
                         

                    ... Breaking and entering.   Jacking
                    a stolen vehicle ...
                         

                         
          O'Shea finds the pit as the Grabber follows him, ROARING. He
          darts across the metal ladder laid over the pit like a
          rickety bridge. The concrete hole waiting to swallow him up.
                         
          The Grabber edges towards the pit, snarling.     It reaches the
          edge and stalls, feeling its surroundings.
                         
          O'Shea is almost at the other side of the ladder when the
          Grabber snatches hold of it and yanks it away from under him.
                         
          O'Shea just makes the safety of the rim giving him a foothold
          with a twenty foot drop onto shards of broken barrels and
          iron girders beyond that. If he slips he's dead.
                         
          The Grabber considers him, edging no further. O'Shea sees
          the oil tanks, he aims the flare gun at the drums. Finger on
          the trigger, ready and waiting.
                         

                    Come on, you langer. Just a little
                    closer. Move. Hey, you want me,
                    you're going have to come across
                    and get --
                         
          -- WHIPAH! The Grabber's barbed tongue shoots across the pit
          and lances the air around him. O'Shea's well within reach.
                         

                    Awwwwww bollocks.
                         
          WHIPAH! O'Shea jumps left. WHIPAH! He jumps right. Inches
          to spare each time as O'Shea tries to take aim while ducking.
                         
          He fires and the flare misses the oil drum. It strikes an
          exposed girder and lands in the pit, glowing and smouldering.
                         
          He ducks the tongue and reloads, balanced precariously.
                         

                         
          Lisa jacks the screwdriver into the ignition and turns. The
          ENGINE rumbles to life along with the radio. She moves to
          put on her seat-belt but stops herself. Feck it.
              GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            101.
                         
                         
          She flips the lights on, full beam. Releases the hand-brake.
          Steels herself and slams the foot down, switching gears. All
          the while absentmindedly mumbling along to the radio.
                         
          Treads spin, spitting mud.   Here she comes...
                         

                         
          WHIPAH!   The tongue lashes out and O'Shea ducks it.
                         

                     Enough!   Piss off!
                         
          WHIPAH! The tongue strikes again but this one lances
          O'Shea's shoulder and spins him like a top! O'Shea smacks
          off the pit's floor, just missing an iron girder. Ouch!
                         
          He lands hard on his shoulder, struck with utter agony.
                         
          Tentacles surround, curling towards him. He grabs his strewn
          flare gun and buries himself in the corner of the pit, rain
          and mud dribbling down upon him.
                         
          He reloads and takes aim at the oil drums. This final shot
          will certainly kill him. Yet he's willing to do it.
                         
          He grips the trigger, summoning all he has ... AS THE SOUND
          OF AN ENGINE DRAWS CLOSE. Headlights shine over the pit --
                         

                         
          -- Lisa slams her foot down, gunning it.    Eyes burning.
                         

                     Get away from him, you --!
                         
          The Grabber turns, seeing Lisa a second too late as she slams
          into it with a SLOPPY-THUD! The Grabber ROARS, obscuring her
          last word. She waits for it to stop squealing and ...
                         

                     Cunt.   
                         

                         
          The Grabber crashes into the pit as the bulldozer pivots and
          pins it; its scoop slamming down and severing the Grabber's
          extended tongue.
                         
          O'Shea rises, back to the pit wall, inches from the carnage.
          He stuffs the flare gun in his belt and climbs the
          bulldozer's treads towards level ground.
              GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011            102.
                         
                         
          Tentacles whip and flail around him as Lisa clambers from the
          cabin and grabs his hand.
                         

                    I got you.
                         
          She helps him climb out and they catch their breath.    Elated.
                         

                    You took your sweet time.
                         
          Lisa reveals Paddy's potcheen bottle.
                         

                    I think this calls for a
                    celebration.
                         
          O'Shea laughs but then his face drops.    He looks down to see
          a tentacle wrap around his waist.
                         

                    O'Shea!
                         
          It pulls him off his feet as he grabs Lisa's bottle.
                         
          Pulled towards the Grabber's snapping maw, it draws him in,
          jaws snarling. Almost grinning. It's going to enjoy this.
                         
          But at the last moment O'Shea pops the cork and chucks the
          bottle into its mouth.
                         

                    Sláinte.
                         
          The Grabber chokes and spasms.   A monstrous wail and --
                         
          -- O'Shea is flung into the air.
                         

                         
          O'Shea lands.   He spits up dirt as Lisa runs to him.
                         

                    He couldn't handle his drink.
                         
          She leans in close as if to kiss him. O'Shea puckers up.
          But Lisa grabs the flare gun from his belt and runs back to
          the precipice of the pit.
                         

                    ... What are you...?
                         
          She aims it at the oil drums.    The ROAR of the Grabber.
              GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          103.
                         
                         

                       Oh shut your hole.
                         
          She fires!
                         

                         
          The shockwave hurtles Lisa onto her arse beside O'Shea.    Both
          laid out in the mud. Grabber gunk and rain pelts them.
                         

                       Jesus, you're dangerous.
                         


                       I know!
                         
          They laugh.
                         

                         
          No longer raining, O'Shea and Lisa look absolutely filthy as
          they come walking over the hillside. She hiccups demurely.
                         

                       You look like crap.
                         

                       So do you.
                         
          They shuffle on together. Battle-scarred. Limping.   Side-by-
          side. Lisa takes O'Shea's flask from her pocket.
                         

                       Here.
                         
          She hands it to him. O'Shea remembers it for a brief moment,
          then lets it fall away. Lisa smiles. Proud of him.
                         
          They stagger on, the beautiful sea panorama before them.
          Casually they fill the pauses, at ease with the world.
                         

                       I think I'll take some time-off.
                         

                       You know if you lived here you'd be
                       home already.
                         
          Lisa absorbs the vista before her.
                         

                       Home of the Erin Island Grabbers.
                       It's gonna get mental round here.
              GRABBERS - Production Draft  28/1/2011          104.
                         
                         

                    I'll need all the help I can get.
                         
          O'Shea puts his arm around her, and they seem right together.
                         

                    You want to get some breakfast?
                         

                    Yeah.
                         

                    First, lets get out of these wet
                    clothes.
                         

                    Sounds good.
                         
          They laugh, and stumble on arm-in-arm into the sunrise.
                         

                         
          In the ripples of sand, a different pattern is obvious, some
          unusual tracks lead to water... Jumpers. They made it.
                         

                         





