






                                         Written by

                                Keir Pearson &amp; Terry George












          A burning white sun high in a clear blue sky,



          A rundown  airport, peeling in the heat.

          A mad traffic jam of cars, vans, motorbikes all stopped at a checkpoint
          where a RWANDAN POLICEMAN blows his whistle, waves some and stops
          others as bored Rwandan soldiers look on.

          CLOSE ON: A white van pulls out of traffic, a balls-out case of line
          jumping. HORNS, OBSCENITIES.

          A HAND: Extends from the passenger side of the van, Rwandan francs
          pressed neatly between thumb and palm.

          The van stops next to the policeman.


          Mr. Rusesabagina, good morning.

          In the passenger seat PAUL RUSESABAGINA, late 30's, flashes a smile. He
          is dressed in a sharp blue suit (always dressed in a neat suit and tie,
          it is a matter of pride).

          A quick shake of hands. Money passes from one to the other.




          The van parked by the runway tarmac. African music plays on the radio.
          Paul drums his fingers, checks his watch.

          ZOZO, porter/driver, early thirties, sits nervously.

          An airport baggage handler approaches the van.


                         Sir, the flight is delayed one more hour.


                         Thank you.
                                                                            
                         He can get the beer.








                           
                      Rutaganda's place?


                      What's wrong?


                      Beg your pardon sir, you are Hutu. You
                      are safe there.


                      You are with me, Zozo, don't worry.                            
          Zozo throws the van into gear and speeds off.




          The white van, marked "THE HOTEL MILLE COLLINES," whips its way through
          Kigali's packed streets and open-air markets.




          Zozo works THE HORN, weaves in and out of traffic.


                      What is it like to fly on a plane, sir?


                      It depends where you sit Zozo. In coach
                      it is like the bus to Giterama.


                      That is why they call it coach?


                      Maybe. But in business class there are
                      fine wines, linens, Belgian chocolates.


                           
                      You have taken business class?


                      Many times.

          Suddenly, Zozo slows.

          Paul looks up, SEES: a gathering on the side of the road -- a large
          crowd of men dressed in exotically, yet identically colored shirts.
          They're members of the INTERAHAMWE - the Hutu Militia.




          (Interahamwe - the Hutu Militia will de distinguished by these wildly
          colored shirts) They chant, drink beer, dance onto the road,
          obstructing cars, threatening the occupants. Several of them perform a
          rhythmic dance - the INTERAHAMWE war dance to thumping drumbeat music
          from a boombox.


                      Turn off.

          Zozo, scared, looks for a side road, studies the traffic behind.


                      There is nowhere to turn, sir.                                
          As the van approaches,


                      Slow down.

          The van pulls up beside the Militia.


                      Boys, do you know the way to Mr.                              
                      Rutagunda's warehouse?

          Some Militia approach. They are suddenly friendly, helpful.


                      It is one more mile on this road.

          Paul reaches into his pocket, takes out some Rwandan dollars.


                      This is thirsty work, let me treat you to
                      some beers.

          As the van pulls away Zozo looks to Paul, relieved.




          At his desk in front of a fan. GEORGE RUTAGUNDA, late 30's, huge, gold
          chains, Rolex watch,  but the same
          Interahamwe shirt. He squeezes an orange rind into a cup of espresso.

          Behind him, through his office window, the white van is being loaded
          with cases of beer.

          George holds out his massive shirt.


                      You will join us at the rally today?

          Paul sits opposite, sipping coffee.




                      I will try my best George but these days
                      I have no time for rallies or politics.


                      Politics is power, Paul. And money.

          Paul studies his watch.


                      Time is money, George. We need extra beer
                      today.


                      Business is good at the hotel?


                      Very good.


                      I am always glad to see you Paul.

          George leads Paul out into the warehouse.                                 
          As a forklift lifts A WOODEN CRATE, George angers.


                      Hell man, that is not beer, put it back!


                      But, sir, the Carlsberg is behind...                          

                      Forget the Carlsberg, give him Grolsch.
                                                                           
                      I won't charge extra.                                         

                      Thank you.

          The driver of the forklift, anxiously, spins the machine to return the
          crate but it slides off and CRASHES onto the floor: MACHETES, hundreds
          of them, spill out.

          An awkward moment then George picks one of the crude blades.


                      A bargain buy, from China. Ten cents
                      each, I'll get a dollar.


                      At least.

          Off Zozo terrified.






          A Sabena airliner lands. Passengers disembark via a roll-up staircase.

          Paul's van pulls up by the luggage belt.

          A large polystyrene box comes down the conveyor belt. It has Brussels -
          Kigali destination stickers all over it.

          As Zozo picks it up, water sloshes from the lid.


                      The ice has melted!

          Zozo goes to open it.


                      Don't. Let's go.

          Paul slips money to two customs officials.




          The van speeds through traffic. More traffic jams, Zozo edges up on the
          sidewalk. Then at an intersection they see.

          THE INTERAHAMWE PARADE - a mass of young men and women, most in the
          same colorful uniform. Line after line, waves all performing the
          INTERAHAMWE war dance, in wild hypnotic sync, many wave sticks, spears,
          wooden imitation guns. A large banner reads, "Hutu Power."

          A flatbed truck, speakers blare drumbeat music. On it GEORGE RUTAGUNDA
          dances the DANCE and waves a machete to the crowd.

          Zozo sinks down behind the wheel.


                      Sit up, smile, Zozo, don't attract
                      attention to yourself.


                      Boss, some of those men are my neighbors,
                      they know I'm Tutsi.

          The parade passes. As they wait Paul takes out the wad of notes George
          gave him, peels off a few dollars.



                      Here, Zozo, for your trouble.

          Zozo takes it.






          The van turns off the street into The Milles Collines Hotel driveway
          and HONKS twice as it pulls down a short drive lined with tall shrubs.
          An ARMED GUARD rushes from his booth and lifts the gate. Perfectly
          timed. The van doesn't even have to slow as it passes. A sign on the
          guard house reads "WELCOME TO THE HOTEL MILLE COLLINES".




          Lush tropical gardens, peacocks wander the well-manicured lawns,an
          exotic African paradise. The van heads to a magnificent colonial
          building.


                      Pull up at the front door.

          A valet opens the front door of the hotel and looks shocked. It's
          unheard of for a service van to stop out front.


                           
                      Help Zozo.




          Paul leads Zozo and the valet into a magnificent lobby, a tasteful
          blend of Africa and Europe. Guests stare as water sloshes and spills
          from the crate.

          GREGOIRE, early thirties the receptionist behind the desk throws a look
          of disapproval. Paul, imperial, snaps his finger toward him.


                                                                  
                      Gregoire. Take care of this.

          Gregoire engages a guest in chit-chat, ignores Paul.


                      Gregoire!   See to this right away.

          The elevator door opens and reveals BIK the Belgian hotel manager, mid-
          40's, reading some reports. He looks up, sees Paul and Zozo carrying
          the box as they step in. Bik looks puzzled.


                      It's an emergency, sir.                                        
          Now Bik sees the wet floor.






                      Paul!


                      Gregoire will deal with it, excuse me.

          The elevator doors shut. Bik's left standing in disbelief.




          The crate is hefted onto a counter. The top pried off. A crowd of
          cooks gathers around Paul and Zozo as they peer in.


                      Any of them make it?


                      Into the sink!

          They hoist up one end of the crate and LOBSTERS spill out. Many make
          it into the sink, but some miss and slide across the counter and fall
          onto the floor.

          The cooks sort the living from the dead.


                      Twelve are dead.


                      How dead?

          The cooks smells a dead lobster, shakes his head no.


                      Dump the bad meat, save the shells, fill
                      them will ah, a stuffing, something
                      local.


                      Cassava, and Tipali.


                      Yes. Call it 'fresh Scottish Lobster in a
                      cassava and Tipali crush'.

          Paul fixes his tie, very pleased, another crisis solved.




          Paul inspects the tables' fresh flowers, sparkling crystal glasses. He
          looks to the bar - Grolsch on ice.






          The sound of African drums fills the air.




          Paul emerges, as a troupe of African male dancers in ceremonial costume
          - Leopard skin dress, ostrich feather head dress, spears and shields
          perform a greeting dance for a the American Ambassador and a crowd of
          European dignitaries.

          The male dancers are joined by a troupe of young female dancers in
          similar ceremonial dress. The ceremony comes to a foot stomping finale.
          The guests break into LOUD APPLAUSE. Paul flings open double doors to a
          reception room and the crowd moves in.


                      Mr. Ambassador, please come in.    


                      Thank you, Paul.    

          A UN Colonel, OLIVER, middle aged, Canadian,follows the US Ambassador.     
          The Colonel wear the blue berets and armbands of UN Peacekeepers. (all     
          UN troops will be distinguished by their bright blue berets, white
          helmets and arm bands)


                      Colonel Oliver, you are very welcome.                          
          The Ambassador shakes the Colonel's hand.


                      Colonel. I'd like you to meet Mr. Colson,                      
                      of our Regional Aid Division.

          MR. COLSON, crew cut, military build, is obviously CIA.


                      Colonel Oliver is the liason officer for                       
                      the U.N. peace keeping forces.  

          Paul backs away unnoticed...




          ...then marches into the busy kitchen, claps his hands toward a
          gathering of waiters.


                      Please, serve the hors d'ouvres now.

          A waiter whispers to him.








                      General Bizimungu wants to see you.

          Paul heads out of the kitchen.




          A luxurious lounge/club called the Kigali Club - an African
          Casablanca, complete with animal heads, a statue of a mountain gorilla,
          grand piano in the corner. Rwandan Hutu army officers, (distinguished
          by their crisp khaki uniforms, in the style of the French army), arms
          dealers, government dignitaries, businessmen and reporters mingle
          freely. The few tourists stand out.

          PAUL heads to a table. The center of attention and conversation is
          General BIZIMUNGU, 40's, dressed in a crisp, heavily decorated
          uniform, a strong figure, relaxed, in control. 


                      Paul, this scotch is exceptional.


                      It's a single malt, Glenmorangie. I
                      thought you'd like it. Anything you need,
                      gentlemen, let me know.


                      Oh, Paul, talk to the coat check, please.

          Paul heads for the lobby. He's intercepted by an zealous young Tutsi
          reporter BENEDICT who covers the political scene for the local
          independent newspaper.


                      Paul, Paul, a moment please.   


                      Yes, Benedict, what can I do?  


                      Can you get me into the Ambassador's
                      reception?


                      I'm sorry, it's a private function.

          Benedict takes out his reporters notebook.


                      At least tell me who is attending. The
                      newspaper will be grateful.

          Paul laughs.







                      I will be grateful if you keep my name
                      out of your newspaper. Wait here and you
                      will see who has attended as they leave.




          Paul fixes a floral arrangement as he passes then arrives at the clock
          room hatch.


                           
                      Did General Bizimungu bring a briefcase?


                      Yes, sir.


                      Take it to the bar storeroom. Put three
                      bottles of Glenmorangie...                                     
                            he writes it down on a pad)                              
                      ...GLEN-MOR-AN-GIE, into it.          

          Paul moves off as the coat check scurries away.


                      Oh, Paul, Paul

          An American woman, CONNIE DENVER, rich, blonde, surgically enhanced,
          stands by the door of the tourism office.




          Paul walks into the tourism office. It is decorated with posters and
          photos of Rwanda's single most important economic asset - the rare
          silver back mountain Gorillas. There's a picture of the real-life Diane
          Fossey next to the movie poster for "Gorillas in the Mist". Numerous
          books and video cassettes. CONNIE DENVER's older husband, BOB, and four
          American friends wait.


                      Paul, Paul. Our trip has been cancelled.


                      Yes, I'm sorry Madame Denver, it is
                      because of the rebels.


                      Rebels? What rebels?                                           







                      Don't be stupid for Christ sake. The
                      Watusis are invading the country. I told
                      you not to come here.


                      The Tutsi rebels are far away on the
                      border. And soon there will be peace.


                      Tutsis, Watutsis they'll still shoot you.


                      But I came here to see the gorillas?


                      I will try to arrange something.




          The luncheon is in full swing. Paul glides in the background.

          Close on: The Ambassador in deep conversation with Oliver.  


                      Things will calm down when the president
                      signs the peace agreement with the
                      rebels.


                      Our intelligence, Mr. Ambassador, is that                  
                      the Hutu government has been stockpiling
                      weapons and are preparing a massacre.


                      That's not what I hear. Excuse me. Paul.
                            Paul comes over)                                     
                      Colonel, you know the house manager, Paul                  
                      Rusesabagina.


                      How was your meal, sir?     


                      Magnificent.
                            reads)                                               
                      Scottish lobster, in Rwanda. You see
                      General what a genius this man is. You
                      want anything, this man can get it?


                      How about a battalion of U.S. Marines.                     






                         Now, General, don't ask for the
                         impossible.

          Paul smiles.


                         I have heard, Mr. Ambassador, that they
                         have discovered oil here, under Lake                        
                         Kivu.

          Oliver bursts out laughing. 


                         You're right, Mr. Ambassador, Paul knows
                         how to get anything, even U.S. troops. 

          The ambassador takes Paul's hand, shakes it warmly.


                         Thank you for a wonderful meal, Paul.

          Paul moves away graciously, and in one smooth move checks out, then
          pockets, the hundred dollar bill the ambassador palmed him.




          General Bizimungu gazes through glass into the reception room, SEES
          Paul shake hands and joke with the Ambassador. 

          Paul notices the General.

          The General raises his briefcase and waves.

          Paul waves back. Another favor rendered.




          It is night now. Floodlights bathe the hotel in a warm glow. Tiki oil
          lamps illuminate the walkways and spread scented citronella smoke among
          the trees. Wild birds CALL OUT.




          Paul walks to the employee car park at the rear.

          He sees Gregoire and another male reception clerk tossing Zozo's
          pillbox porter's hat between them with Zozo trapped in the middle
          trying to jump and catch it. Gregoire thinks this tease is great fun.







                      Come on, Zozo, cockroaches can jump, some                      
                      of them can fly.

           he clerk sees Paul just as he's about to throw, miscalculates, the hat
          sails over Gregoire's head and lands at Paul's feet. Zozo scampers to
          pick it up.


                      No.
                                                                  
                      You pick it up.

          Gregoire doesn't move.


                      How are your dish-washing skills,                              
                      Gregoire?

          Gregoire bends, picks up the hat, hands it to Zozo, who walks away
          quickly. Gregoire and his friend turn to head back into the hotel.


                      Gregoire, there are no cockroaches in
                      this hotel, do you understand?


                      Cockroaches?

          Bik has walked out of the rear door and overheard.


                      Don't tell me we have cockroaches, Paul?                       
          A sly smile breaks on Gregoire's face as he uses Bik's arrival to
          disappear inside.


                      No, Bik, it's a code word for Tutsis.   


                      That's what I came to talk to you about.


                      Excuse me?


                      The Hutu-Tutsi thing. The BBC faxed to                         
                      say they would be here on the sixth for
                      the peace accords. And the U.N. wants the
                      banquet room for that day, a reception to
                      broadcast the signing ceremony. Can you
                      organize monitors and check the satellite
                      dish?




                      Leave it to me.

          Bik leans slightly closer.


                      Also, could you remember to use the
                      service entrance at all times?


                      Of course.




          Paul hops in his car and tosses a box of Belgium chocolates on the seat
          next to him.




          Paul speeds through the streets of Kigali HUMMING along to music on the
          radio and eating chocolates from the box. He passes bicycles laden
          with produce. The song on the radio ends and local news comes on.


                      Good Hutus of Rwanda, beware. The
                      dictatorship of the Tutsi cockroach is
                      near. Watch your neighbor. Identify these
                      cockroaches. Then rise up and stamp out
                      this murderous infestation...

          Paul turns the station.    Finds another with music.




          Lights burn in windows. Kids play soccer in dusty lots. Paul's van
          turns onto a residential street and slows. He HONKS twice. The metal
          gate to a walled compound swings open. A GUARD(old, peaked hat, bare
          feet, pathetic) stands just inside. Paul waves to him and pullsinto
          the courtyard, two cars are already parked there.




          A neat bungalow and gardens behind the high wall. Paul parks and gets
          out. A DOG runs and greets him, BARKING.


                      Down, Pealiss.






          His wife, TATIANA, a woman of great natural beauty, emerges from the
          house, beside her an even taller, very elegant woman, she has a
          doctor's bag and a stethoscope in her hand. This is ODETTE, their
          family doctor and close friend.


                      Good evening, Odette, who is sick this                      
                      time?


                      I asked Odette to take a look at little
                      Anais. She has a rash.


                      Your brother's here?


                      Yes, with Fedens and the children.
                       e wants some advice.


                      Good to see you, Paul.     

          Paul embraces Odette warmly, kisses Tatiana.


                      I must go, Paul.            


                      You will not stay for dinner.


                      No thank you, Tatiana.   


                      My best to Jean Baptiste.




          The old guard opens the gate, Odette drives off.





                           
                      Thomas wants advice?


                      He wants your wisdom.


                      Let's have dinner first.







                        Of course.

          His brother-in-law THOMAS and sister-in-law FEDENS come out to greet
          Paul the Patriarch. They hug. Kids run everywhere. Paul spots his twin
          nieces Anais , four years old. He
          scoops them up, one in each arm.


                        Hello, Anais.                                                 
          She laughs.


                        I am Carine.


                        You are not Anais?  


                        I am Anais.


                        Oh, Carine, that is a shame. I have a                         
                        present for Anais.

          Anais reaches out her hand. Paul sets them on the ground, takes a
          chocolate from his chocolate box, deliberately hands it to Carine.
          Anais jumps up and down.


                        It is for me.


                        Goodness, I cannot tell. I guess I must
                        find another present.

          He takes a chocolate gives it to Carine, then hands out the   chocolates
          to his children who are gathered around.




          A crowded family table. Tatiana, Paul's four children, Thomas and
          Fedens, and the twins Anais and Carine.


                        Roger, your turn.

          Paul's eldest, ROGER, 12, bows his head.


                        For food and clothes, and all that grows,
                        etc, etc. Dear Lord, thank you.







                         Thank you, Roger.

          Food is passed around. Roger gobbles his down.


                         Why the hurry, Roger?


                         Simon has a new pet. Can I go see it?


                         No, I don't want you going on the street.


                         Please, papa, I have a secret path.  


                         Who is this Simon?


                         Simon, next door, the Charingas' boy.


                         Homework?


                         It's done.


                         And he did extra chores.


                         Wash your things, and be back soon. 

          Roger takes off at a run.




          Roger runs to a wooden fence, gets down, moves two boards and squeezes
          through into a path, almost a tunnel in dense reeds.



          Roger crawls along his path. There's a gap a little way down, and Roger
          shoots through it into the wide open of the neighbors yard. He runs to
          a back window of the house and taps on it. Soon SIMON, 12, appears. He
          slides it open.


                         Let's feed it.





          Simon lets Roger in.




          Roger holds a WILDLY COLORED SNAKE in a jar. Simon has a bag of bugs.
          Waves the bag in front of the snake. It's forked tongue goes wild.


                      Let me.

          Simon hands him the bugs. Roger lifts the lid, drops one bug in, and
          the snake strikes. The boys jump back, laugh.




          After dinner coffee for the adults. Tatiana, Thomas and Fedens at the
          table. Paul, in his usual position, at the head, listening, like
          Solomon.


                      I've heard bad things, Paul. My assistant
                      says we should get out of Rwanda.


                      Why should we leave? I have a new job,
                      things have never been better for us.


                      What good is it if we are murdered in our
                      bed?


                      Your assistant, he is Hutu?


                      Yes, and he is in the Hutu Power Militia.


                      He wants your job.


                      No, he is a friend, but he tells me to
                      listen to the radio. All day they talk
                      about the great slaughter.


                      That station is filth.

          PAUL has listened, now he decides to speak.






                      Today I talked to my friend the American
                      Ambassador and Colonel Oliver of the                           
                      United Nations. They are preparing a
                      banquet for the peace signing. The BBC
                      are flying in their best reporters. The
                      world is watching. There will be peace.
                      Don't listen to this man.

          Solomon has spoken. Fedens smiles, Tatiana rubs Paul's arm.




          Roger crawls along his grass tunnel. Then he hears something. He looks
          through the reeds toward the street.

          HE SEES: Military boots, a cluster of Hutu soldiers in their crisp
          Khaki uniforms.

          He hears whispering.


                      That house.




          Paul, Tatiana, are by Thomas's car. They say good night to their
          guests. Anais and Carine sleep in the car.

          Paul nods to the old guard to go open the gate. Just then Roger emerges
          from the thicket, wide-eyed, afraid.


                      There are soldiers.


                      Where?


                      On the street.

          Paul nods to Tatiana to take Roger inside. Thomas and Fedens grab the
          sleeping twins from their car.

          Paul goes to his big metal gates and peers through the two inch gap

          between the gate hinge and the gate post.




          HE SEES:  the group of Hutu soldiers, clustered around
          jeeps, they whisper and point. It's a raid.






          Now they move rushing out of view.

          The sounds of SPLINTERING WOOD, GLASS BREAKING, CHILDREN'S CRIES, WOMEN


          Suddenly there's a face, beside Paul's. It's Tatiana.


                      What is it?

          She looks, sees the soldiers, as they drag a middle-aged man onto the
          street.

          He is crying, pleading, like a whipped dog.


                      Oh, my God, it's Victor. Why do they want                      
                      Victor?

          They watch as Victor is beaten to the jeep. At this point Victor looses
          it completely, stops pleading, grabs on to a soldier, clinging,
          screaming like a terrified child - like a man who knows he is going to
          die. It's a horror.


                      Do something.


                      What?


                      Call your friends in the army. Call
                      someone. Victor is harmless. This is a
                      mistake.


                      Please, be quiet.

          Tatiana, moves toward the gate handle.


                      I'm going to talk to them.

          Paul grabs her.


                      No.


                      We must do something.

          Paul takes her by the arm, leads her to the house.




                      What would you have us do? Argue with                     
                      these madmen? We cannot interfere.                        



          Thomas and Fedens wait, anxious, as Paul appears.


                      You better stay the night, it is too
                      dangerous to be on the streets.

          Tatiana hides her anger.


                      I'll fix a bed.




          Paul lies in bed unable to sleep.   The clock reads 3:00 am.


                      Why didn't you call your contacts in the
                      army?


                      I couldn't help.


                      You could have asked for a favor.


                      No, I could not. What do you know about
                      favors Tatiana, about barter and deals?
                      All day long I work to please this
                      officer, that diplomat, this tourist. To
                      store up favors so that if there is a
                      time when my family need help I have
                      powerful people I can call upon. Now you
                      would have me waste a precious favor on a
                      stranger.


                      Victor was not a stranger, he was our
                      neighbor.


                      He was not family. Family is all that
                      matters. Do you think if you or I were
                      being dragged from here, any one of them
                      would lift a finger to help us?






                      They do not have your connections.


                      Connections? I have no connections, only
                      favors. If I call to help Victor, a
                      General will think "Paul Rusesabagina is
                      a fool. He thinks my favors are so
                      numerous and so insignificant as to waste
                      them on everybody." Then my hard work is
                      doubly squandered. I insult the General
                      and I do not get to use my favor at all.
                      Please leave these things to my good
                      judgment.

          His turn away indicates the discussion is over.




          Paul's car rolls up to the hotel's guard house.

          SUPER THE TITLE: APRIL 6th, 1994.

          An army jeep is parked just inside. General Bizimungu is in the
          passenger seat, talking into a walkie-talkie.

          The General gives an I'll see you soon wave.




          The hotel entrance is a mini-jam of airport buses, white UN jeeps,
          foreign news crew Land Rovers, and a TV repair van unloading monitors.
          Paul marches in, past Zozo the bell hop, who helps the TV men unload.


                      Welcome, gentlemen.




          The lobby buzzes with activity. At the reception, Gregoire is
          surrounded by a BBC news crew: GLORIA, young, chic female
          reporter/producer, and JOCK, tough, experienced Scottish cameraman, and
          his local sound guy Peter. Gloria is upset.


                      We reserved five rooms not two


                      I'm sorry, ma'am, but I see only two here
                      in the computer.






          Jock sees Paul.


                      Paul, how the hell are ya'?    


                      I am delighted to see you, Mr. Daglish.


                      They moved you from the Diplomat?


                      Promoted. House Manager.


                      Good for you.

                                                                      
                      We're having a little trouble, Paul. We
                      booked five rooms, but...

          Paul moves behind the desk.


                      Let me check.

          He punches into the computer.


                      Ah, I see the mistake. You were reading
                      CBC - the Canadian broadcasting people
                      instead of BBC Gregoire.

          Close on the computer: It clearly states BBC - two rooms.   Gregoire
          looks to Paul with a mix of puzzlement and anger.


                      Of course, the BBC, five rooms.
                                                                              
                      They are being prepared as we speak. I
                      have ordered fresh flowers and
                      complimentary champagne.

          Gloria picks up her bag.


                      Great, I really need a shower.


                      Just give me a moment to get your keys.

          Paul better come up with three rooms fast. Then he spots the reporter
          Benedict hovering at the door.






                           
                      Excuse me for one second.

          Paul hurries over to Benedict.


                      Benedict, you should meet the BBC people.                     
                      They could use your expertise.                                

          Benedict is delighted. They head back across the lobby.


                                                                            
                      Benedict, General Bizimungu will be here
                      any moment. The BBC should talk to him.

          They join the BBC team.


                      Madame, this is Benedict Nangori, one of
                      our best journalists. He covers all the
                      big stories. I thought you should meet.

          Gloria, a consummate news producer, turns on the charm.


                      Benedict, beautiful name. I'm Gloria
                      Fleming. BBC.

          Paul moves off to the desk, Gregoire can barely disguise his pleasure.


                      There are no more rooms.


                      Give me the phone.

          Gregoire hands it over. Paul dials.


                      Madame Denver. I have very good news. I
                      have a present for you, in return for the
                      cancellation of your gorilla expedition I
                      have arranged a safari at Lake Kivu
                      lodge. A wonderful experience. No, no
                      extra charge. A luxury coach will leave
                      in one hour. I'll send maids up to help
                      you all pack. You're welcome.

          Paul hangs up, turns to Gregoire.







                      Call Kivu Lodge, ask for George, tell him
                      I need three rooms. And send a team of
                      maids up to the Americans. I want those
                      rooms turned around in twenty minutes.

          PAUL heads for the glass doors and sees:




          General Bizimungu, briefcase in hand, gives the tv interview, He's
          confident, controlled Benedict stands close by as Gloria interviews.


                      There are rumors, General, that your
                      army, the Hutu army, consider these peace
                      accords a sellout to the Tutsi rebels.


                                                                             
                      Nonsense. At this moment we are making
                      plans to rehabilitate the dissidents into
                      our armed forces.


                      Then the army fully supports the
                      president as he signs the peace
                      agreement.


                      Of course, the president is a clever man,
                      he knows what he is doing. Thank you for
                      coming to Rwanda. . You will
                      see what a beautiful country this is.




          Paul turns, walks past porters ferrying the BBC luggage. He puts his
          hand out. Gregoire hands him keys.

          Paul does his rounds. He double checks the banquet room where
          technicians install several TV monitors and test the signal.

          He looks in the kitchen, frenzied activity.

          He wanders behind the bar. Everything is 'under control'.

          He returns to the lobby, greets Connie, her flustered husband and their
          friends, followed by a team of porters and luggage.






                      Forgive the hurry but I do not want you
                      to miss the lunch buffet on the paddle
                      steamer across the lake. It is the most
                      spectacular sight in all Africa.


                      Lunch? All we do is eat. I thought there                       
                      was famine in Africa. 


                      Exactly, we can't have our guests                              
                      starving. What would they think of the                         
                      Mille Collines back in the United States?      

          Gen. Bizimungu, takes Paul's arm, pulls him aside, hands him his empty
          briefcase.


                      Keep that cockroach Benedict away from
                      me.

          As the General disappears into the bar, Paul waves over the coat check,
          hands her the briefcase.


                      Same as last time.

          She nods, hurries off just as the BBC crew appears. Paul hands out
          keys, greets each.


                      The fifth room is your broadcast room.


                      Good. I'd like to book a massage.  


                      Of course.

          Jock, the Scottish cameraman, hangs behind as the others leave, takes
          his key.


                      Did you bring any of those wee girls who                       
                      used to sit at the bar in the Diplomat                         
                      with you? You know? 


                      I'm sorry, Mr. Daglish, this is the Mille
                      Collines. No working girls here.


                      Can we phone them in, Paul?






                      I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Daglish.
                      Ah, Zozo.

          Paul calls Zozo over.


                      You remember Zozo, from the Diplomat?

          Jock gets the code instantly, as Zozo smiles.


                      Zozo! The very man!

          The Scot and Zozo greet, then hurry off.




          Paul supervises waiters hanging a banner.   It reads "Peace, Love, and
          Brotherhood! UNAMIR 1994".




          Reporters watch rows of TVs. All broadcast the signing of the Arusha
          Accords. 

          CLOSE ON: the TVs as President Habyarimana signs.


                      As president Habyarimana signs a peace
                      accord between the Tutsi rebels and his
                      Hutu army there remains strong doubts
                      that the extremist Hutu Power will abide
                      by the accords. But for now hope has
                      returned to Rwanda for the first time in
                      many years.

          All the African reporters in the room CHEER.

          Fireworks go off outside the hotel.

          Colonel Oliver raises a glass of champagne and leads the room in a        
          toast.


                      To Peace.

          The room as one raise their glasses.

          CLOSE ON: Paul as he nods to a member of the tribal band on the small
          stage. Then, African drummers hammer out a fast uplifting beat as the
          full troupe of ceremonial dancers skip into the room in celebration.









          Paul checks out the banques. They appear empty, then a voice.


                      Paul, join us.

          It's General Bizimungu, he is sitting with George Rutagunda now in a
          shiny blue suit. A bottle of whiskey on the table is almost gone.          
          Bizimungu and Rutagunda watch the peace celebration across the lobby.   


                      Have a drink.

          He pours. George points his glass toward the Europeans.


                      Look at them, they want to see the tribes
                      dance to their tune. Here is our dance.

          Rutagunda staggers to his feet, launches into a drunken version of the
          Hutu Militia War Dance.


                      Come on, Paul. Show them our dance.

          Paul takes George's arm, does two steps of the dance, then   appears to
          stumble and shoulder bumps the big man.

          George falls into his chair.


                      Forgive me, George, my step was off.

          Rutagunda bursts out laughing, toasts:


                      To our president. May he find peace.

          As Paul is forced to join in the toast, Rutagunda laughs, Bizimungu        
          smiles at some insider joke.                                               



          Reporters and crews pack up their equipment. Paul shakes hands, orders
          porters to pick up cases. Then a porter whispers a message to Paul.


                      Excuse me, gentlemen.








          Paul emerges, discovers Fedens and Thomas - they look embarrassed to be
          in such exulted surroundings.


                      Forgive us, Paul. We must talk.


                      What's wrong?


                      We are leaving Rwanda, Paul.


                      Go to the terrace, I will join you.






          Drinks are served at a table as Paul listens to Thomas.


                      My assistant, the Hutu Power man, says we                      
                      should get out now, that soon it will be
                      very bad.

          Paul stifles his anger.


                      Give me this man's name.


                      His name is Naramaranga, but please,                           
                      Paul, even though he is Hutu Power, he is                      
                      a friend, he likes me. He told me there
                      is a signal. It is "Cut the tall trees."                       
                      When they hear the signal, the militia                         
                      are to go to war.


                      Please, let us take Tatiana with us. You
                      are Hutu, you will be safe.


                      Thomas, Fedens, I am a man who looks
                      after his family. If there were danger I
                      would be the first to leave?

          BANG - a distant explosion, a flash of light on the far side of the
          city. Fedens jumps.








                       What was that?


                       Calm yourself, it is fireworks to
                       celebrate the peace.


                       Please, Paul, tomorrow I will bring you
                       my car. You will sell it for me and get a
                       fair price. We will go to Tanzania until
                       there is real peace.


                       Excuse me, Paul, you have a call. 

          Zozo hands Paul a cordless phone.


                        ello. Tatsi. Yes, they are here. Yes. I
                       know but I want them to calm down.

          THOMAS and Fedens listen.


                       Already the press are packing their bags.
                       The BBC man told me there's no story
                       here. We are boring now. I'll be home
                       soon.

          He hangs up.


                       Let us all go home and sleep.




          Paul escorts Fedens and Thomas to their car.


                       Call when you get home.   And don't worry,
                       Thomas. Good night.




          Paul's at the wheel, driving. A thick mist. Barely a car on the road.
          Shadows dart past faint house lights. The windscreen clouds. Paul
          switches on his wipers. A Toyota truck, loaded with Militia, appears
          from the mist, speeds past. Paul switches the preset buttons on the
          radio as he drives. He can only find fevered drum-based MUSIC.








          Paul turns onto his street. The houses are dark: windows shuttered;
          gates closed; not a soul about. Paul stops before his gate. HONKS
          twice. The gate doesn't open. He hops out and opens it with a key.
          Gives it a push and pauses as he heads back to the car. He hears the
          far off sound of gunfire. Distant explosions light the night sky.




          Paul drives in. His compound is curiously dark.     His headlights sweep
          across his pitch-black house.



          The gates swing shut. We PULL BACK as Paul turns and faces his house.
          Paul whistles for the dog, nothing. He goes back to the car, gets a
          flashlight, heads for the front door.




          The door slowly opens. Paul steps in quietly, tries the light switch,
          nothing. He listens. The only sounds are distant explosions and
          gunfire. The beam of his flashlight cuts the blackness, illuminating:
          magazines arranged on a coffee table; an empty chair; children's toys
          in a basket.




          Paul continues his search. Scans the counter. There's food on the
          stove. The table is set. He hears a GROWL, quickly cut short, from one
          of the bedrooms.




          Paul shines the light into a room. Looks for a second, then closes the
          door, and walks to the next. He stops and listens with his ear to the
          door. Nothing. He pushes it in.




          Paul's light sweeps across the room and illuminates:

          Eyes - terrified eyes, a room full of faces, staring back.

          THEIR POV: A dark figure behind a blinding light.

          The dog breaks free, runs to Paul.







                      Pealiss!

          From among the faces, Tatiana's voice heavy with relief.


                      Paul!

          Paul's eyes adjust, he recognizes many of his neighbors, all crowded
          into this small room. Then he sees their friends Odette and her husband
          Jean Baptiste.


                      Jean Baptiste!


                      Our house has been burned.


                      What is going on?


                      The president has been murdered.


                      Murdered! By whom?


                      The radio says Tutsi rebels.


                      Nonsense. Why would the rebels kill the
                      president when he agreed to peace?

          Tatiana pulls Paul aside.


                      Where are Thomas and Fedens?


                      I sent them home. Go and call them.


                      I tried already. The phones do not work.

          Jean Baptiste turns on his tiny radio.


                      Our great president is murdered, by the
                      Tutsi cockroaches. They tricked him, then
                      they killed him. We must cleanse this
                      country, Good Hutus of Rwanda. We must
                      clear the brush. Clear the brush of all
                      cockroaches. Clear the brush!!!






          The words are cut short as a grenade blast rattles the window. Everyone
          jumps, children whimper. Paul is shocked but tries to pull things
          together.


                      Come on, everyone out of this room, find
                      a seat in the living room.

          He holds the door open, they file out, frightened. Tatiana is last, he
          stops her, steps back in, closes the door.


                                                                    
                      Is every Tutsi in the neighborhood here?


                      They came through the bushes, over the
                      wall. What could I do?


                      Send them home. We are not the police.
                      What do we have to protect them?


                      Please. Let them stay 'til morning. The
                      militia will not come here, they know you                      
                      are a Hutu with influence.


                      They know you are Tutsi!

          The door knocks.   Paul gets up, angry.


                      Please, Paul, 'til first light.


                      Dawn. Then they go.

          Paul opens the door, it's Odette, holding the hand of Paul's eldest
          daughter.


                      Forgive me, Paul. Danielle says that
                      Roger has gone.

          Tatiana comes over instantly, worried.


                      Gone where? Tell me, Danielle.                                 
          Their daughter Danielle answers.









                         Next door, mama. He was afraid for his                     
                         friend Simon. He went to fetch him.




          Roger crawls between the shrubs.      He hears ANGRY VOICES.

          He peers through the long grass.

          Sees: Hutu soldiers boots, feet in sneakers, bare women's feet. And
          among them the glint of machetes, hoes, a club spiked with nails, a
          length of chain CLANGING on the ground.




          Tatiana rushes out the front door, Paul after her.

          Paul catches her and puts his hand over her mouth.


                         Shhhhh.

          SHOUTS next door. Paul pulls Tatiana behind the car. A beat. More
          SHOUTS. Paul takes his hand from her mouth. She's sobbing.





          Roger crawls to the gap in the shrubs. Feet, a crowd, leaving, through
          a gate. Engines rev.

          Roger crawls from the bushes.

          Crawls across, the driveway, crawls through a puddle.

          Then stops, SEES SOMETHING, AN  HORROR!




          Paul and Tatiana exit the back of the house with flashlight in hand
          headed towards the rear gate.

          Paul searches along the chain link fence, finds a section loose, he
          pulls it back, clambers underneath it.                                    
          Tatiana clasps her mouth, afraid to utter a cry.                          


          Paul crawls through this scrub tunnel.                                    







          Then he hears BRANCHES SNAPPING.                                           
          He moves toward the sound.                                                 
          Discovers Roger, terrified, thrashing in a tangle of bushes.               
          He grabs Rogers shirt, pulls him as the little boy startles.               

                      Ssshh!                                                         
          Paul drags his son through the chainlink fence, whisks him up in his       
          arms and rushes him to the house.




          Paul bursts through the back door and sets Roger down.   Tatiana is
          beside them.


                      Roger!

          Paul turns the flashlight on Roger. Tatiana pulls back in horror:
          Roger is covered in blood. Her SCREAMS, stifled by fear.


                      Oh, my God!                                                    

                      Where are you hurt, son?

           oger stares blankly. Odette is beside them now.


                      Get his clothes off.

          Hands pull and tear his clothes off. Towels wipe him down. Odette
          looks all over his body with the flashlight. Despite the blood Roger
          has no injuries.


                      What happened, son? Where did you get
                      this blood?

          But Roger, trembling, just stares, totally traumatized. Children cry.


                      He's not injured.

          His paralysis freaks the women in the room. Paul turns angrily to them.


                      Leave us, give us some space.



          He ushers the neighbors out of the room, closes the door.


                                                                         
                      The neighbors must go at dawn.

          Tatiana hugs her son.




          The faintest grey of dawn over the city. Then a flock of birds rises as
          one in the distance. A millisecond later, the cause of their flight, a
          grenade explosion, echoes.

          The birds dart, in another direction as the STACCATO of a machine gun
          rips the air.




          PAUL sits on the edge of the bed, staring out the window.

          Behind him Tatiana has Roger cradled in her arms, he still trembles
          wide eyed as she tries to get him to talk.


                      Will you take a little milk?

          Nothing.


                      Let him sleep.

          The door knocks. The old guard calls in frightened.


                      Mr. Paul.                                                      

                           
                      It is time for the neighbors to leave.

          He heads for the door.




          Paul steps out, closes the door behind him. A small delegation of the
          men wait nervously.


                      It is true.





          He holds up the tiny radio, tuned to the BBC World service, a crackly
          Brit voice. 


                      The Hutu president's plane was struck by
                      a ground-to-air missile as he returned
                      from signing the peace accord with the
                      Tutsi rebels. There were no survivors.
                      The Hutu government has already blamed                         
                      the Tutsi rebels. The rebels have denied                       
                      the accusation. Already there are reports                      
                      of reprisal killings on the streets.  

          As they listen, a young woman lets out a SQUEAL, and flees the window
          where she's been sitting.


                      They are here.

          Hysteria in the room, women and children push toward the bedroom. Paul
          manages to make it to the window, nervously steals a glance and sees:

          A HUTU ARMY SOLDIER sits on the high wall by the gate. He pulls another
          up beside him.

           anic in the room now. Paul turns.


                      Shut up!

          PAUL'S POV: The soldiers drop into his garden. They draw pistols.


                      What is it, Paul.


                      Stay with the children.

          PAUL'S POV: The soldiers go to the gate, slide the bolt, swing it open.

          Two jeeps, jammed with heavily armed SOLDIERS, sit in the drive like
          many-limbed beasts of war. Paul watches as the jeeps rumble into his
          garden. The soldiers jump out.



          Nothing can stop the women and children from fleeing into the bedrooms.
          Paul is frozen at the CRASH of rifles on the door.

          The door gives, SOLDIERS flood in.

          They are startled by the crowd in the living room, rifles raised,





                      Out, get out now!

          Paul pulls himself together, marches over to the soldier.


                      Who is in charge?

          A Captain is at the door.


                      Who are you?


                      I am Paul Rusesabagina, a good friend of
                      General Bizimungu.


                      We are looking for you.

          He takes Paul by the arm, leads him outside.




          The Captain stops by his jeep, studies his clipboard.

          Tatiana with Roger in her arms, her kids and all the neighbors herded
          together.


                      What is this about?


                      Let me see your identity card.

          Paul pulls it from his pocket, hands it to the Captain.

          CLOSE ON: Paul's ID - it reads Ethnicity: HUTU.

          The Captain studies him, waves for the soldiers to back off.


                      You heard the Tutsi cockroaches murdered
                      our president.


                      Yes, it is a calamity for us all.


                      You work at the Hotel Diplomat?


                      No. I work at the Mille Collines.






          The Captain looks confused. Paul quickly:


                      I used to work at the Diplomat.


                      Do you know how to open the safe there?
                           
                      Our government needs to use the hotel and
                      the room keys are in the safe. You must
                      open it.


                      Of course.

          Paul sees out into the street behind the jeeps: a group of Militia in
          their colored shirts armed with machetes, have gathered, trying to see
          what is going on.


                      Captain, I must take my family.
                      It is not safe here.


                      Where is your family?

          Tatiana is beside him now.


                                                                         
                      This is them.

          Tatiana points to the huddled neighbors. Paul is stunned.


                      All of them! I cannot take them.


                      No, no, good Captain, you do not have to.
                      We have the car and our van.

          She points to the Mille Collines van.

           he Captain looks doubtful, then his two-way radio barks - an urgent
          message. He listens.

          Tatiana drags the kids and ushers everyone toward the van. In a second,
          they are all clambering in.


                      Let's go.






          Paul jumps behind the wheel of the van. Neighbors are jammed in like
          sardines, 15, more, inside. Tatiana and their kids are squashed
          together on the front bench.

          The convoy  starts up and turns out into the
          street.

          The Militia men wave sticks, machetes.




          Paul looks back as they speed off down the street.

          Sees: The Militia looters pour into his gateway.

          As they pass the Caringa home, Militia looters carry off a TV and push
          a stove on a child's skateboard.

          TATIANA has Roger on her lap, she cradles his head.




          The convoy speeds through the deserted streets. Slowing only to
          maneuver through makeshift roadblocks where Militia wave machetes,
          nailed clubs and spears as they dance.

          FURTHER ALONG THE ROAD: a group of Militia swarm over a car, smashing
          the windshield, the windows. Inside a family huddles together in
          terror, waiting for the windows to give way.

          In the gutter by the side of the road, three dead bodies.


                                                                        
                      Don't look.




          The convoy pulls up at this older, shabbier hotel. There are other
          jeeps, and several staff in a panic. The janitor, ROBERT, sees Paul,
          bursts into waves of joy.


                      Mr. Paul, sir. Oh, Mr. Paul. We must open                     
                      every door right now for the government.

          Paul jumps out of the van, hurries to the lead jeep.


                                                                    
                      The safe is in the manager's office.






          The Captain nods to two soldiers.


                      Go with him, get the keys.




          Paul runs through the lobby. The staff look petrified.




          Paul bursts into the room. The two soldiers follow.

          He goes to the hotel's big old combination safe, spins the combination
          a few times, tries the handle, clunk! It doesn't open. He's forgotten
          the number.

          The soldiers look at him impatiently. Paul improvises.


                      Gentlemen, you'll find some chocolate,
                      and maybe a few beers in the fridge.
                      Don't let them go to waste.

          The soldiers fall over each other to get to the fridge.

          Paul tries the safe numbers again, clunk! It opens.

          He sees: a big bunch of keys, a wad of dollars, Rwandan francs, a check
          book, and several bottles of the best cognac, whiskey, some Cristal.

          He looks round nervously but the two soldiers are busy fighting over
          the beer and chocolates in the fridge.

           s they do, Paul, hands trembling, stuffs the wads of notes, into his
          belt, pulls his shirt over and shuts the safe door.


                      I've got them.

          He is about to leave.


                      Wait!

          Paul looks back at the soldier.


                      Sit down.

          Paul sits, as the two soldiers guzzle beers and stuff chocolate into
          their pockets.






          Paul hurries through the lobby toward the entrance.




          Paul emerges to see:

          All of the occupants of the van, Tatiana, his kids, Odette on their
          knees, with their hands on their heads.

          The Captain hovers over them, pistol in hand, turns, sees Paul. He
          marches toward him and SLAPS HIM HARD on the face.


                      Traitor!

          Paul reels from the blow, but manages to stay on his feet.

          The Captain snatches a bunch of ID cards from a soldier, hurls the
          cards in Paul's face.


                      They are all Tutsi cockroaches.


                      Let me explain.

          He grabs Paul by the scruff of the neck, pushes him toward the kneeling
          captives. The Captain snatches a pistol from one of his soldiers,
          shoves it into Paul's hand.




          Paul looks at him.


                      Please, I don't use guns.


                      There is nothing to it.

          The Captain raises his own pistol and FIRES it. Everyone jumps with
          fright.


                      Shoot them now or you die first.

          The Captain aims his pistol at Paul's head. Cocks the hammer.







                      Captain, what could I pay you not to do
                      this?

          The Captain laughs.


                      You want to pay me?


                      Why not? These are not rebels, look at
                      them. Soon they will be worthless to you.
                      Why not take some money, for your work?


                      How much?


                      Name a price.


                      Ten thousand francs for each one.


                      I don't have that much.

          The Captain laughs, snatches the gun from Paul, marches toward them.


                      Wait! Wait!

          Paul reaches into his pocket, pulls out the bunch of dollars.


                      Here, here, a thousand US dollars - fifty
                      thousand francs for my family. To let us
                      drive off to the Mille Collines.


                      How many in your family?


                      Six.

          The Captain looks at his soldiers, at the wad of notes.


                      Pull your family out.

          Paul runs over, grabs Tatiana, Roger, the three girls. Odette kneels
          beside Tatiana. Paul whispers.


                      Have you any money?




                      Nothing.

          Paul pushes his family toward the van, looks back, sees the Captain
          pocket the dollars, move toward the line.


                      Paul, don't let them die.


                           
                      Get in.

          Paul pushes them into the van, shuts the door, digs into his soul for
          all the courage he can muster, then turns back.


                      Captain, let these people give you some
                      money, whatever they have.

          The Captain hesitates. Paul sees this, runs over to the line of
          neighbors.


                      Give me everything, everything you have.

          A pathetic rain of Rwandan francs, useless coins, watches, jewelry
          falls onto the ground. Paul scoops it all up.


          he Captain looks at it, takes it, then:


                      There is only enough for one cockroach.

          The Captain raises his pistol.


                      Pick one to take with you.

          Now each terrified neighbor looks to Paul, begging.


                      Wait, wait.

          Paul counts the kneeling figures: ten adults, four kids.


                      Ten.


                      And four children?







                      I'll give you a hundred thousand francs
                      for all of them.

          The Captain points the gun.


                      Give me it.


                      I don't have it here. At the Mille
                      Collines. I can get it for you.


                      You will run into the hotel and hide
                      behind the U.N.


                      I swear, Captain, one hundred thousand
                      francs, enough for a house. I will get
                      the money, you keep them outside.

          The Captain smiles.


                      I will keep your family outside. Let's
                      go.




          The convoy pulls up at the outer gates of the Mille Collines. It's
          manned by ARMED UN PEACEKEEPERS.

           he Captain walks to Paul in the van.


                      Go with my soldiers. And hurry back if
                      you want to keep these cockroaches.

          The Captain nods to Paul's children.

          Paul jumps into the Rwandan army jeep.


                                                                 
                      I am the manager. Open the gate.




          Chaos - UN jeeps, hotel vans, dismayed tourists, frightened Tutsi
          refugees.





          CLOSE ON: Bik, the Dutch manager, bag packed, anxious, sees Paul.



                      Paul, I have to talk to you ...

          But Paul ignores Bik, barrels his way through the din and crush of the
          parking lot.




          Paul rushes in:   The lobby is filled with Tutsi refugees, and scared
          white tourists.

            solitary receptionist, besieged by anxious guests, is relieved to see
          Paul.


                      Oh, sir, please can you...

          Paul rushes to the accounting room behind the reception desk, closes
          the door.




          Paul pulls bundles of dollars from the hotel safe.




          Paul pushes through the mob at the door. Bik comes up.


                      Paul...                                                        
                            grabs Paul)                                              
                      ...I have to talk to you.                                      

                      I'll be back.

          Paul breaks free and hurries over to the Army jeep.


                                                                            
                      Let's go.




          Paul jumps from the jeep. Waves to Tatiana in the van, then gives the
          money to the Captain.






                      Now let them go.

          No response. Money in hand, the Captain eyes Paul with malice.


                      Don't be foolish. There's more money to
                      be made here.


                      You want to buy anymore cockroaches ask
                      for Captain Naramunju.

          The Captain smiles, then jumps in his jeep and speeds off. Paul runs to
          the van and jumps in.



          Jubilation, in the rear of the van. Odette is in tears.


                      Thank you, thank you, Paul.

          Paul doesn't reply. Tatiana hugs him. He gives her a look - a mix of       
          relief and anger - the crowd in the back almost cost him his family.       



          Paul's van arrives. Bik hangs from a minibus.


                                                                             
                      Paul, I have to go. The staff have fled
                      Kivu Lodge. I have to close it.                                

          He flings office keys to Paul.


                      While I'm away, you're in charge.                              

          Bik's van takes off. A group of tourists hears Bik's words.


                      Hey, hey, we need our passports, we want
                      to get a flight.

          Paul looks at them.


                      They're in your safety boxes. We need
                      them right away.





                      Come inside.




          At the desk, the same receptionist is overwhelmed.


                      He's in charge, that's him.

          Paul goes behind the desk. Rumors fly among the crowd of tourists.


                       to the airport...my embassy
                      ...tried to call... the airport is closed
                      ... refund... this is outrageous ...

          Behind the tourists, Tatiana and the neighbors look lost.

          Paul addresses the frightened Western tourists.  


                      Please, I am the house manager. Return in                      
                      thirty minutes and we will deal with all                       
                      your requests, thank you.     

          Paul turns to the room key boxes, nearly all are empty.


                      What happened to all the rooms?

          Finally he finds a key, pushes through to Tatiana, hands a key to
          Odette and Jean Baptiste.


                      Take this room. Tatiana, bring the
                      children.

          Paul starts to lead his family away.


                       What about them?

          Paul looses it.                                                            

                      Them. They almost got us all killed. I                         
                      have done enough for them! We cannot look                      
                      after them anymore.




                      What are you going to do? You cannot
                      drive them out onto the road. They can                      
                      stay with me.    


                      What!          


                      I will not have them on my conscience.                      
                      They will stay in my room.  


                           
                      Zozo, get a key for two staff bedrooms.
                      Put these people in them.


                      Yes, sir.




          Paul hurries his family along the corridor. Rwandan refugees wander
          aimlessly pulling their meagre possessions.


                                                                       
                      Moses, Moses Seradungu.


                      Can I help you?


                      I'm looking for Moses Seradungu's room.


                      What is his room number?


                      I don't know.


                      Go downstairs, I will help you.

          Paul finds his room and opens the door.




          PAUL leads his family into a one-bedroom suite. The kids drop to the
          beds exhausted. Tatiana picks up the phone and dials.




                      What are you doing?


                      Trying Thomas and Fedens. We've got to
                      get them here.

          Paul paces the room. The maids clearly haven't cleaned it since it's
          last occupants: the beds are unmade; towels are on the floor; and a
          newspaper is scattered across the desk.


                       This won't do.


                      It will do just fine.

          So Paul tidies the place. As he does,


                      Any luck?


                      No answer. Please send someone to get
                      them, please.


                      I'll try.

          Paul leaves.




          Paul waits, then a car pulls up, an Indian businessman, Mr. Garindi,
          gets out, shakes hands, he's shaken.


                      Terrible times, Paul. There are bodies                      
                      everywhere. I cannot stay here.


                      I need a great favor.

          He hands Mr. Garindi an address.


                      I need you to go to this address and
                      bring my brother-in-law and his family.


                      No, no. This is a very dangerous part of
                      town. I cannot do this.




                      This would be an enormous favor to me. I                     
                      am a man of means, Mr. Garandi. When this                    
                      nonsense is over I will be most grateful.    


                      I will see what I can do.

          Mr. Garindi climbs back into his car.




          Paul stops just shy of the lobby. Around the corner is a mob of angry
          guests. Paul takes a moment to gather himself: straightens his tie;
          button his jacket; flick a piece of lint from his shoulder. Then he
          takes a breath and steps around the corner.


                      Thank you for your patience, ladies and                      
                      gentlemen. Now, how can I help you.    

          The mob rushes him.



          Paul works the front desk as angry guests surge all around him. Zozo
          emerges from the office with two tourists.


                      Where are the receptionists? Where's
                      Gregoire?


                      He has taken the presidential suite.


                      What!

          Paul storms off.




          CLOSE ON: A door with a placard reading "Presidential Suite".   Paul
          knocks. The door opens. Gregoire answers, half-naked.


                           
                      Mr. Manager.


                      Gregoire, what are you doing here?






                      Who is it?


                      What do you want?


                      Get out of this room and get back to
                      work.


                      I don't have to listen to you anymore. 


                      I am in charge now. Get back to work or
                      I'll fire you. 


                      Let me ask you Mr. Manager, do you notice                      
                      a smell of cockroaches? If I were to                           
                      leave this room, I'm sure I could find                         
                      this smell. I know people who could                            
                      cleanse it. But maybe it doesn't                       
                      bother you? Why is that? Are used to this                      
                      smell? Not me, I need a clean room to                          
                      escape it.         

          Gregoire closes the door. Paul's eyes burn with anger, but this battle     
          will have to wait.                                                         



          Paul comes into the lobby and discovers Colonel Oliver, he is escorting    
          a tall, well-dressed man, the Tutsi Minister of Finance XAVIER and his
          family.


                      Paul, you know who this is?


                      Yes, Colonel Monsieur Xavier, the                              
                      Minister of Finance.


                      Get him a room, but tell no one he is
                      here.
                            
                      Paul will look after you.


                      I will need a suite.






                      Of course.

          He moves over to Zozo.


                      Get the key to suite twelve, take these
                      people there right away.

          There's a commotion by the door. Paul goes over.

          A valet stops a group of Tutsi refugees from entering.


                      What's going on?


                      Sir, they have no reservations.

          Paul studies the group, - a ragged bunch, no way are they Mille
          Collines guest material.


                      Please, sir, we have nowhere else to go.
                      They're hunting us.


                      Wait over there.


                      We need a room.


                      I said everyone go over there.

          Paul sees: UN Colonel Oliver giving an interview to the BBC in front of    
          the hotel.




          Paul approaches the BBC reporter Gloria and Colonel Oliver as their        
          interview concludes.


                      Do we know who fired the missile that
                      killed the president?


                      No. But I fear it's intention may have
                      been to kill the peace accords and spark
                      a civil war between the Hutu Militia and
                      the Tutsi rebels.









                      We've heard reports of reprisal killings.
                      Will the UN intervene to stop the                              
                      bloodshed.?       


                      Unfortunately we're here as peace-keepers                      
                      not peace makers, we can't take an                             
                      aggressive role.         


                      If the UN changes your mandate could you                       
                      stop the bloodshed?   


                      Yes. With some re-inforcements I'm                             
                      confident we could impose order.    


                      Have you requested re-enforcements?    


                      Yes we have.   


                      What was the response?    


                      We're awaiting a decision, excuse me.  

          Colonel Oliver shakes Gloria's hand then moves off toward Paul.      


                      Paul, I've sent my soldiers to rescue the
                      Lady Prime Minister, she'll need a room.


                      Yes sir, but these people  they                        
                      cannot stay here. I've heard you have a                        
                      refugee center at the airport Stadium?   


                      I'm sorry, I can't possibly take them                          
                      Paul. I'm overrun with refugees. As soon                       
                      as we can stabilize the situation we'll
                      take them.

          PAUL moves to the door, where Jock and Gloria argue beside a saloon car
          with the word `press' spelt out in tape on the wind sreen


                      For fuck's sake, Gloria There's a big
                      news story out there! We need to get out                       
                      and cover it.                                                  








                      We're not going outside the hotel grounds                      
                      unless we have an armored car. That's the                      
                      ground rules.


                      Ground rules! Where the fuck do you think
                      you are, Wimbledon?


                       We cover the story from here until we
                      can get proper protection.

          She walks off.




          Paul works his way through the crowds in the lobby, sees a trolley of
          dishes by an elevator, looks around, can't see any staff. Disgusted, he
          pushes the trolley himself.




          Paul pushes the trolley into the deserted kitchen. At the back door,
          several cooks listen to the radio.


                      'Good Hutus, we must destroy an
                      infestation of cockroaches at the
                      technical college.'


                      Turn that off. We have a hotel to run.

          The cooks halfheartedly slouch back to the sinks.




          The lobby is overflowing with refugees. Paul stands with phone to ear.
          Zozo walks up.


                           
                      Where's housekeeping? They won't pick up.


                      Sir, no one wants to work. They say the
                      boss has left.





          Paul heads for the back office.




          A neat corporate office.

          Paul picks up the phone.




          Several executive officers sit across from Sabena President GODEFROID
          around a speaker phone.


                         Can I have your name again?


                         Paul Rusesabagina, Mr. Godefroid. The
                         house manager. I met you on your last
                         visit.


                         Yes, Paul, I remember. The Mille Collines
                         is a very important property for Sabena.
                         Our directors believe we should close
                         down, shutter the place until this unrest
                         is over?

          This is really bad news. Paul can't allow them to close.


                         Sir, that would be very bad for our                       
                         reputation. We are an oasis of calm for                   
                         all our loyal customers. What would they                  
                         think if Sabena deserted them now?                  
                         I assure you the United Nations has                       
                         everything under control.



          He looks at the others.


                         Very well. But if this thing gets worse,
                         we must close. If there's anything you
                         need, call anytime.


                         There is one thing I need right away.









          Paul waits by the fax, then it spits out a single page.




          Every member of the hotel staff is gathered together. Paul addresses
          them as Zozo hands out copies of a fax.


                        This is my letter of appointment, signed
                        by Mr. Godefroid, the president of
                        Sabena. The Mille Collines is a five star
                        establishment, we will run it that way.
                        If you don't want to work for me, then
                        leave now.

          No one moves.


                        I want the hallways cleaned now, a menu
                        prepared for the dining room. Where's the
                        pianist?

          A hand goes up.


                        I want you on the piano in the Kigali
                        Room tonight. Back to work.




          Paul emerges to find more refugees, some settled on the lawn, others
          gathered in clumps by the doorway.

          Paul calls over to the valet.


                        Take these people to the rear car park,
                        they can't stay here.

          Suddenly women and children on the lawn scream and run in fear. Behind
          them bushes shake, then suddenly a bloody figure wearing only boxer
          shorts bursts out from among the trees and flees to the middle of the
          driveway. It's the journalist, BENEDICT, covered in blood. His ear has
          been chopped off.

          PANDEMONIUM. As Paul runs to him, calls to Zozo.


                        Get Odette!






          Paul grabs Benedict, tries to calm him.


                      What happened?


                      They're killing everyone. The Lady
                      Minister! The UN soldiers. They're at the
                      gate.

          He points down the driveway. This sparks many of the women refugees,
          and white guests, to flee inside the hotel.

          Odette arrives with her bag, leads Benedict inside.

          Jock has been filming all of this.




          Now Jock runs, camera still on his shoulder, toward the gate.

          Paul takes off after him.

          More Tutsi refugees running up the driveway in fear.




          As Jock films, Paul arrives by the gate house. UN soldiers watch the
          outside road. Engines roar, then.

          A convoy of Toyota trucks circle on the road outside the gate. Drunken
          Militia men on the back wave spears, machetes, one, in a woman's disco
          wig, waves a cordless power drill. The drill bit is red with blood.

          In the next truck, TWO Militia MEN triumphantly taunt the UN soldiers
          as they hold blue UN helmets high on sticks. The helmets are shot
          through with holes.


                      We kill UN. We kill you next.

          ENRAGED UN SOLDIERS cock their weapons, aim.

          A UN armored car races past the Militia and turns into the driveway.
          The back door opens, UN Colonel Oliver jumps out.  


                      Hold the line here. Do not shoot!

          The Colonel stabilizes the situation, his men watch the militia drive     
          by. Paul approaches Oliver                                                







                      What's happening?


                      They murdered my soldiers. Ten Belgians
                      who I sent to get the lady minister.


                      Where is she?         

          Oliver shakes his head. He helps Paul clamber into the armored car.




          Paul follows Oliver as he marches through the lobby. Several reporters    
          surround them.


                      Is it true about the Belgian soldiers...
                      Are all ten dead?

          Paul watches the UN command disappear into an elevator.




          Paul is in the corridor, talking to Tatiana.    


                      Has Roger spoken yet?   


                      No, Odette says he's in shock.   


                      How can we help him.        


                      He needs to be in a safe place.                               
                           
                      Have you heard from Mr. Garindi? 


                      Give him time.              

          There's a clank of metal. Paul looks and sees:                            
          A waiter struggling with a trolley of food by a door.                     
          He hurries to help the waiter as Jock opens, indicates quiet, waves
          Paul and the waiter in.                                                   







          The room is set up as a make-shift broadcast center.

          Gloria is on a phone to the BBC in London, she hangs up.


                      Okay, we're feeding through live now.

          She fixes her outfit, sits straight up in the chair. Behind her two
          monitors show footage of a plane crash and bodies along roads.


                      Okay London .... and five four three two
                      one ...That's correct Tom. Today's
                      gruesome ambush of a ten man Belgian
                      patrol has left the UN peacekeeping force
                      in a state of disarray. Its commander has
                      called for re-enforcements. However, the
                      General Council is deeply divided. The
                      United States, still smarting from the
                      UN's disastrous Somalia mission, has
                      indicated that it will veto any moves to
                      reinforce. Meanwhile, the slaughter goes
                      on. Gloria Brooks in Kigali, Rwanda.

          Gloria on the phone, listens.


                      And, cut ...good, give me a call guys,
                      let me know you've got it.

          Jock turns to Paul.


                      Perfect timing.


                      This goes out live?

          Jock points skyward.


                      Satellite feed.


                      Great.  No kidding,  When will
                      they be here? Excellent. Yes, call then.

          She hangs up.






                      The news room has heard that the French
                      and the Belgians are putting together an
                      intervention force.


                      When will they be here?


                      Very soon.


                      Thank God.

          Jock's is at the window scanning with his camera, getting b roll, then
          he sees something.


                      Hey Peter, hook me back into the
                      monitors.

          Jock's filming as Peter makes the connection.


                      Holy shit! Holy shit.


                      What is it?

          Jock focuses

          On the monitor: blurry focus of a shanty town on a hill.

          NOW FOCUS: Of a crowd hovering close to a group of Rwandan Tutsis
          seated on the ground. Two Militia emerge from the crowd, waving
          machetes. They SLASH their way along the line, savage, powerful blows,
          butchering people like cattle.          (Author note: we will use real
          news footage of this)


                      You fucking see that!


                           
                      Oh my God!

          On Screen: The crowd run off, waving machetes.



          Gloria snaps out of her shock, snatches the phone, dials.




                      It's Gloria. Listen we've footage,
                      unbelievable footage! A massacre!
                      Machetes, murderers, dead bodies. You
                      have to lead with this. We'll send it
                      through right now. Wait 'til you see
                      this.

          She puts the phone down, turns to the others, triumphant.

          An embarrassed silence in the room. Jock is disgusted by her glee. He
          picks up a plate from the trolley.


                       Here, have a sandwich.


                      Fuck you.

          She storms out. Paul fills the embarrassed silence.


                      I'm glad you filmed this. Now the West
                      will have to stop it. Excuse me,
                      gentlemen.




          The businessman Mr. Garindi knocks on room 211. Paul opens the door,
          sees him, then turns back to Tatiana.


                      Tatsi, come.

          Tatsi appears at the door with several of the kids.


                       Go back inside.

          The kids do as they're told. Paul and Tatsi shut the door and join the
          businessman in the hall.


                      Did you find the twins?

          Tatiana clings to Paul, fearful of the news.


                      I made it to the house but it was empty.
                      It had been robbed.


                      Oh God.






                      Was there blood?


                      No blood. As I left a neighbor, an old
                      woman, waved to me. I went to her house.
                      She has the little girls. They are safe.


                      My brother, his wife. Did this woman know
                      of them? Did they leave the children with
                      her?

          The businessman shakes his head no. Tears run down Tatiana's face. She
          holds Paul's arm to stop from falling to the floor.


                      This is not bad news, Tatsi. Perhaps they
                      fled or could not make it home. There is
                      hope.


                           
                      Please go back, bring the children to us.


                      No ma'am, I cannot do that.
                      The roadblocks are everywhere. They are
                      looking for children. They shout, "Kill
                      the babies to clear the infestation."
                      Leave them be, they are safe. I have to
                      go now.

          Paul takes a small wad of notes from his pocket, presses it into the
          businessman's hand.


                      Thank you for your help.

          He leaves. Tatiana pulls Paul to her.


                      My sister is dead, Paul. They would not
                      leave the children.


                      No. They are not dead. Stop this.




          Paul and Tatiana push through the French tourists and AID workers
          running across the lobby.




                       Mon Dieu, Merci.

          Cheers break out. Paul and Tatsi peer from the crowd and through the
          lobby window see:




          French and Italian special forces pull into the parking lot, standing
          tall in their jeeps, macho western super troops, triumphant. Salvation!




          Wild cheering, flowers draped around necks, kisses. Westerners,
          Rwandans, dance and sing in celebration.

          Paul SEES: Colonel Oliver off to the side, with the commanders of the      
          French special forces.





                       You have a battalion, you could stop this
                       now. The Hutu army is no match for you.


                       Those are not our orders.

          Oliver pulls off his blue beret, throws it on the ground, points his       
          finger at the French and Italian officers.


                       You will remember this day for the rest
                       of your lives.

          He walks off, returns, picks up his beret.

          Paul watches as he storms into the lobby.

          Paul follows.




          Paul follows the Colonel into the Kigali Club. The place is empty, the     
          bartender missing, gone to celebrate.


                       Colonel, what can I get you?                                  
          Paul gets behind the bar.




                      Anything. Strong.


                      Canadian Club?

          Oliver cracks a weary smile. Paul pours two drinks, slides one across.    
          He raises his glass.


                      Congratulations, Colonel. You have saved                      
                      us all.


                            
                      Congratulations. You should spit in my
                      face.


                      Excuse me, Colonel.                                           

                      We think you are dirt, less than dirt,
                      worthless.


                      I don't understand.


                      Don't bullshit me, Paul. You're the
                      smartest man here. You have them all
                      eating out of your hand. You'd own this
                      fucking hotel, except for one thing.

          Paul doesn't answer.


                      You're fucking black! You're not even a
                      nigger, you're African!
                           
                      They're not staying to stop this thing.
                      They're gonna fly right out of here with
                      their people.


                           
                      Their people?


                      They're only taking the whites.








          Paul opens the door. Tatiana and the kids pack bags, prepare to leave.


                      Children, go into the hallway.

          Tatiana and the children stop what they're doing, puzzled.


                       Please, go.

          The kids leave.


                      What's wrong?

          Paul takes her hands in his.


                      All the whites are leaving.

          Tatiana's grip tightens.


                      They are being evacuated.


                      What about us?


                      We have been abandoned.

          Tatiana clings to hope.


                      The soldiers will stop the killers.

          Paul looses it.


                      Listen to me woman. I said all the whites
                      are leaving. The French, the Italians,
                      even the Belgian UN soldiers.


                      But who is left?


                      I don't know. Colonel Oliver says the UN                      
                      has three hundred soldiers for the whole
                      country. Black soldiers, Pakistanis.






          He looks up at her.


                      The most the Colonel can spare for the                           
                      hotel are four men, and they're not
                      allowed to shoot.

          He takes her hand, makes her sit down.


                      If anything should happen, if the Militia
                      arrive, you must take the children and go
                      to the roof.

          Tatiana's eyes are wide with fear.


                      What for?

          Paul takes his anger out on Tatiana.


                      Do what I say, woman. You hear me? I will
                      meet you there.

          He storms out.






          REVEAL: A chaos of luggage, white tourists, AID agency people, Italian
          and French soldiers, elite, slick.

          On the edges, clumps of Rwandans, watching, silent, fearful.




          A torrential African rain storm soaks everything. Porters with big
          umbrellas run the white evacuees to the buses.

          French and Italian commanders check off names on clipboards.

          Jock films the evacuees boarding buses.




          At the front desk, Paul, dripping wet from working the convoy,    listens
          to a French tourist who refuses to pay his bill.







                         Why should I pay to stay in a, in a
                         holocaust? Tell me.

          Paul, stone-faced, polite, destroys this asshole.


                         You are not staying sir, you are leaving.




          Paul watches in the rain as the final agency people are being loaded
          onto buses.

          Several white aid workers weep uncontrollably as they are dragged away
          from frightened Rwandan coworkers.

             PAUL in the rain.

           cross the parking lot Colonel Oliver watches from his jeep.              
          Jock and his sound man embrace two beautiful young HOOKERS.

          One girl begs Jock to take her with him.


                         Please, please, they will put me on the
                         street. They will chop me.


                         Darlin', believe me, if I could...

          He digs in his pockets, pulls out money, cigarettes. Everything he has
          he gives to her.

          Then he pulls her toward Paul, digs out his wallet.


                         Here. Here.

          He pushes two Visa cards into Paul's hands.


                         Give her what she wants, room, food,
                         anything. Charge it all. Don't you put
                         her out, Paul.


                         I would never do that.


                         I know that, Paul. I'm sorry.                              
                         Here take this.                                            





          Jock pulls a Rolex off his wrist.  


                      This is a Rolex, I can't take it.   


                      Take it for Christ sake. I wish it was a                       
                      fucking aeroplane.       

          Jock embraces Paul, tears in his eyes.

          Gloria watches from the doorway. Embarrassed by Jock, She becomes
          officious.


                      Let's go, Jock.


                           
                      Go! What the fuck sort of journalists are
                      we, running from a war? I'm ashamed. Are
                      you? Well, are ya'?


                      You're drunk.

          Gloria marches onto the bus.


                           
                      What are we waiting for?


                      We have to evacuate some nuns from a
                      convent. They are on their way.

          Jock kisses the hooker, heaves his camera onto the bus.

          Then there is a disturbance on the driveway.

          A group of French nuns, along with maybe a hundred Tutsi women and
          children come running up the driveway. They are all terrified. One nun
          leads them with a French flag.

          French soldiers run forward. A commander orders them to form   a line,
          blocking the refugees.

          French soldiers begin pulling nuns from the terrified crowd.

          Several nuns begin hysterically weeping, pulling Rwandan children with
          them. Panic breaks out among the crowd.






          Jock grabs his camera, pushes off the bus.




          Nuns cling to young children. French soldiers wrench the nuns away,
          lift them off their feet, carry them to the bus.

          JOCK films, as A FRENCH OFFICER screams at him.

          The last nun is dragged onto a bus.

          Jock looks to Paul, then gets on the bus.

          The convoy - French jeeps, buses, Italian jeeps, UN jeeps takes off,
          through the refugees, turns a corner, gone.

          Paul, drenched, is left alone to fend for his new guests:                 
          Weeping women, frightened children.




          The convoy passes the gate house.

          Across the road, two jeeps of Rwandan Army soldiers watch the convoy
          leave. They get on the radio.




          Where five minutes before the lobby was a frenzy of wealthy Europeans
          and aid workers, the groups of clustered black faces are silent except
          for the crying of babies and sobbing mothers. Paul picks his way among
          them. Zozo catches up.


                      What do we do with all these people?


                      Open up the ballroom, we'll put them
                      there. And Zozo tell the kitchen to make
                      rice and beans - a lot of it.




          Paul enters, drops to the bed. Tatiana curls up next to him.


                      You could leave, Paul.







                        What are you saying, Tatsi?


                        Your card says Hutu. Take our children,
                        go and get the twins, pay money at the
                        roadblocks. Get them out. Please.


                        Enough of this. We stay together. Let me
                        rest, I will feel better then.

          Paul puts on his walkman earphones, presses play, the rich cowboy drawl
          of Don Williams singing ???

          Close on: Paul as his eyes droop and to the music.

          A kalidiscope of colors filter through drooping eyelids as

          Close on Paul's face, as the music plays.

          His eyes open wide, disturbed, music playing

          Paul's POV, an Army lieutenant stands over him, other soldiers around.

          The lieutenant reaches down, pulls the earphones from Paul's ears.


                        You are the manager?


                        Yes, sir. What is wrong?                                     

                        Everyone must leave the hotel now.


                        Why sir?


                        It's an order. Get everyone out now.


                        I...ah...need some time. Please give us
                        twenty, thirty minutes. People are
                        sleeping.

          The lieutenant is not impressed.


                        Please, have some cold drinks. I will be
                        as quick as I can.

          'Cold drinks' softens the soldiers' attitudes.






                      We will be outside, ten minutes.

          The soldiers march off. Paul goes back inside. The kids, sensing the
          menace, sit still and wide-eyed on the floor. Suddenly Tatiana notices     
          Roger is missing.                                                          

                      Where's Roger?        

          Danielle points to under the bed.    


          Roger trembling under the bed, as Paul's face appears.   


                      Come on son, everything is all right.                          
          He slides him out, clutches him in his arms, then turns him over to
          Tatiana as he phones the front desk. 


                                                                           
                      Who is this? Zozo. I know. Get them beer.                      

          He turns to Tatiana.


                      Go to the roof now.


                           
                      What for Paul.


                           
                      Do as I say. I will be there soon.

          He hurries out.




          Paul's door opens, his head appears round the corner.

          The corridor is empty of soldiers. Now, frightened Tutsis peer out from
          their rooms. A group of men, among them the politician Xavier, are
          gathered in the hallway. Paul spots one man holding a pistol. He runs
          up.


                           
                      Are you mad? They will gun us all down.




                      Better to die by the bullet than the
                      machete.

          Paul pulls the gun off him.


                      Wait here, please.

          Paul hands the gun to Xavier, hurries off.




          Paul bursts in, sits by the phone and dials.


                      Good day, General Bizimungu please. Do
                      you know where he is? Please ask him to
                      call Paul Rusesabagina. It is urgent.

          Phone again.

          A SERIES OF FLASH CUTS: increasingly frantic calls.


                      Colonel Bagsora. Where? Can you find him?




                      Who would order such a thing?




                      Did you find the General?

          Paul hangs up the phone defeated. He looks at his watch. His head flops
          onto the desk, onto the Sabena logo. He sees it.




          The Sabena president and two VPs sit on couches.


                      If British Airways abandons the route we
                      should bid for it.

          His intercom buzzes, he's annoyed then.






                      I'm sorry, sir. I have a call from Paul
                      in Kigali. He says it's urgent.

          The president goes to the phone, hits the speaker button.


                      Paul. Are you alright?


                      We have a big problem. The Hutu army have
                      come and ordered us all of us out of the
                      hotel.

          The president is baffled.


                      Out? Where are you going?


                      I do not know, sir. I think they will
                      kill us all.

          The president can barely form words to reply.


                      All. What do you mean all?


                      The staff, the guests.


                      The staff and guests! How many?


                      Now we have eight hundred guests and one
                      hundred staff. I have ten minutes left.
                      I wish I could have done more, sir.
                      Please, thank all my friends at Sabena.
                      You have been good to me and my family.


                       Paul, wait, wait, I'm going to
                      put you on hold for one minute, stay on
                      the phone.

          He hits the hold button. Looks to the other executives. They are
          stunned to silence by Paul's profound farewell.




          Paul listens to music on the phone.







          Pandemonium - the president has everyone working the phones.


                      Get the prime minister's office. Call
                      General Chareaux. Louis get the UN. Tell
                      them this is Belgian property.




          The music is suddenly interrupted.


                      Paul, are you there?


                      Yes, thank you Mr. President.


                      Paul, if you have one call in all the
                      world to stop this, who would you call?

          Paul thinks.


                      The French. They supply the Rwandan army.


                      Paul, do everything you can to buy time.
                      I will call you back.

          Paul hurries from the room.




          Zozo at the computer, printing something. Paul walks up, sees: The
          Hotel's Registry printing. Paul grabs it, studies.


                      What are you doing?


                      The lieutenant wants the register.

          He pushes Zozo toward the elevator.


                      Go and get more beer.

          Now Paul is on the computer, typing.



          ON SCREEN: The register shows that day's date: April 13.

          Paul hits a few keys.

          ON SCREEN: The date above the register is April 4.

          Paul hits the print button. The printer clicks to life.




          Paul with the printed registry and Zozo with beer walk to the jeeps.
          The soldiers don't wait for the Captain's order, they mob Zozo, grab
          beers. The lieutenant marches up to Paul.


                      Where's the guest list?

          Paul hands him the printout. He studies it, reads.


                      Anderson, Arthurs, Boulier. What is this?


                      The guest list. It hasn't been updated
                      since the murder of the president.

          The lieutenant grabs Paul by the shirt.


                      Are you trying to make a fool of me?
                      There are no Europeans left in that
                      hotel. Get me the names of all the
                      cockroaches in there.


                      That will take time.


                      You don't have time. If I do not have the
                      names, so that I can pick out the
                      traitors, then I will kill everyone here
                      in this car park. Get in there now.

          Paul turns to walk back in. The lieutenant hurries to his men, pulls
          beers from their hands, smashes them on the ground. One soldier comes
          running to him with a radio. Paul watches. The lieutenant listens, then
          calls to Paul.


                      Hey you, come here.

          Paul returns.







                         Who did you call?


                         Call, sir?


                         Don't lie to me. What's your name?


                         Rusesabagina. Paul Rusesabagina.


                         I will remember that name. (turns to his
                         soldiers) Let's go.

          The soldiers roar off down the driveway.

             ZOZO looks to Paul, a thank you Jesus look.




          Paul emerges onto the roof, sees Tatiana, his children, and many of the
          neighbors sitting huddled together. (They do not know the soldiers have
          left.)

          Tatiana is frozen to the spot.


                         They have gone.

          Tatiana grabs him. Tears of joy. Paul's neighbors swarm him, touch him,
          thank him like a messiah. This effects him. He seems genuinely moved as
          he shakes hands and hugs them.


                         Sir. The president of Sabena is on the
                         phone for you.




          Paul arrives behind the front desk.

          Paul hits the button.


                         They are gone. Thank you, sir. What did
                         you do?








          Gotfroid is at his desk.


                      I managed to get the President of France
                      on the phone.


                      Thank you, sir, you saved our lives.


                      Paul, I pleaded with the president to go
                      in and get you all. He told me it will
                      not happen.


                      Why?


                      I can give you many political answers
                      Paul but the truth is that Africa is not
                      worth a single vote to all of them:
                      French, British, Americans.

          Silence.


                      You have to get out of there, Paul. I
                      will do whatever I can.






          The elite of the Tutsi refugees, those with contacts or friends abroad,
          are gathered in the office.


                      There will be no rescue, no intervention
                      force. We can only save ourselves. Call
                      any foreigner you know, tell them what
                      will happen to us. Say goodbye but when
                      you say goodbye, say it as though you're
                      reaching through and shaking their hand.
                      Let them know if they let go of that
                      hand, you will die.  We must
                      shame them into sending help.

          The others look stunned.




                      Get on the phones while we still can. At
                      least we can say they heard our cries.
                      Zozo come with me.

          Paul leaves.






          Paul looks around the lobby. It resembles a refugee center more than a
          five star hotel.

          He turns to a computer, calls up the register, then hits DELETE and
          erases the register.

          He picks up the phone, calls.


                      Send two of the housekeeping carpenters
                      to the lobby.

          Paul strides across the lobby, calls to Zozo.


                      Everyone gather together now. Zozo get
                      them all together.

          They herd together quickly.


                      No one can remain in this lobby any
                      longer. I have rooms available. Who can
                      pay? The rental is six hundred francs per
                      day.

          About fifty percent of the hands go up.


                      I cannot pay?


                      Go with Zozo to the ballroom. We will
                      find you bedding. This is a hotel. No one
                      will be allowed to stay in the lobby.

          The carpenters arrive beside Paul.


                      Good. I want you to go around and take
                      all the numbers off the doors.






                      What shall we put in their place.


                      Nothing. I want no numbers on the doors.




          Paul going door to door, knocking. The rooms are all packed with Tutsi
          refugees. A door opens.


                      Good day. Here is your bill for the last
                      week. If you cannot pay, or think you
                      will not be able to pay, go to the
                      ballroom. Zozo will take care of you.






          Paul knocks on a door. The Tutsi politician Xavier opens the door, sees
          that it is Paul.


                      Come in Paul.




          A beautiful two-bedroom suite. Xavier lives in comfort compared to the
          other refugees.


                      I'm afraid you will have to move room.


                      Move? Where to?


                      I'm going to put you on the third floor.


                      The third floor are low class rooms.


                      Yes they are. However if the army return
                      they will expect important people such as
                      yourself to be in these grand rooms.







                           
                      Pack the bags, we have to move.


                      Also, this is your bill for the last
                      week.

          Paul leaves, Xavier looks shocked.






          Paul and influential refugees, Odette, Benedict (with a bandage over
          his missing ear), Xavier and others call, plead, write and send faxes
          all around the world. We see this NIGHT and DAY; DAY and NIGHT --

           hen Odette on the phone.


                      Yes, that's right. I helped set up the
                      treatment center in Nairobi. I'm in the
                      Mille Collines Hotel right now with my
                      husband, Peter, and my two boys. If you
                      do not help us we will be murdered.

          Zozo arrives.


                      Sir, General Bizimungu is here.




          The pool patio is deserted except for General Bizimungu and three
          soldiers who lounge at a table. Gregoire and his girlfriend sun on
          reclining deck chairs like movie stars. Paul and a waiter with a tray
          of drinks join the General.


                      I am glad you are well.

          Paul hands the scotch to Bizimungu.


                      I'm sorry it is not Glenmorangie.


                      As long as it is scotch.
                            
                      Your white friends have abandoned you,
                      Paul.






                      The United Nations are still here.


                       The United Nations. Madmen are
                      on the streets, Paul. But I will take
                      care of you.  Your
                      cellar is well-stocked, right?


                      Yes, General. I am glad you came by. I
                      overheard something that I think you
                      should know about.


                      What did you overhear?


                      A discussion between an American Embassy
                      official and a UN Colonel.


                      What did they say?


                      The American assured the colonel that
                      they would watch everything.


                      Watch everything? How? They are gone.

          Paul points surreptitiously to the sky. The General looks up.


                      Satellites.


                      Satellites?


                      Yes, they can photograph the epaulets on
                      your shoulder.


                      And what will they do with these
                      satellites?


                      The American said intervention is too
                      costly, better to get photographic
                      evidence and snatch up the high command.


                      The high command? Our high command?






                      'Snatch them up and put on a war crimes
                      trial. Lock them all away forever. No
                      political risk, and big publicity.'
                      That's what he said.  I thought
                      I'd better tell you.

          The General looks again to the sky then.


                      The Americans! Who are they to put us on
                      trial. Let us imagine Paul when their
                      president Kennedy was shot, they said it
                      was a black man. Then their politicians,
                      their radio stations gave orders `we must
                      wipe out these black people before they
                      wipe out us.' What do you think would
                      have happened? No different.


                      Indeed, general. Excuse me momentarily.




          Paul fills Bizimungu's briefcase with scotch, hands two six-packs of
          beer to Zozo. Paul notes his once packed storeroom, now considerably
          dwindled in stock.


                      Where has all our beer gone?


                      Sir, Gregoire has been taking beers.


                      How much beer?


                      Many beers.




          Paul arrives back at the pool, hands Bizimungu his briefcase. Zozo
          gives the beer to the soldiers.


                      I am worried about thieves and criminals
                      coming into the hotel. Perhaps you could
                      arrange for some police to guard us.


                      The police are very busy.





                      I understand General, but when I last                            
                      talked to the president of Sabena he                             
                      promised me that anyone who helped                               
                      protect Belgian property would be                                
                      rewarded.                                                        

          Bizimungu understands this is a financial proposition.


                      He did.                                                          

                      "Well rewarded" Those were his words.   


                      If I were to spare a few policemen, where
                      would I station them?


                      The front gate would be best, General.
                      They could check all guests.


                      I will see what I can do.


                      I admire you, General. How do you keep
                      command of your men amidst such madness?


                      I am strong, Paul, like a lion.


                      I wish I were like you. Look at my staff,
                      they won't work, they listen to no one.

          Paul nods over toward Gregoire.


                      He is staff?

           he General gets up.

          Gregoire, who is lying face down on the deck chair, doesn't see him
          approach. The General pulls the deck chair from underneath Gregoire and
          throws it into the pool. As Gregoire tries to scramble to his feet, the
          General propels him forward with a massive kick up the ass.


                      Get to work, you slug.

          Gregoire races from the pool, followed by his girlfriend.



          The General clicks his fingers and his soldiers follow.


                      Make sure, Paul, your guests are
                      generous.




          Benedict greets Paul in the lobby.


                      Paul, we would like to speak to you in
                      your office.


                      We, who is we?


                      A delegation.




          Paul walks in and discovers the office packed with the elite Tutsi
          refugees including Xavier, Odette and Jean Baptiste. Paul's puzzled,
          there's an air of tension in the room.


                      Yes.

          A brief silence, then a Tutsi bank manager speaks.


                      You have no right to charge us rent.


                      Why not?


                      This is no longer a hotel, it is a prison
                      and you are profiteering from our misery.


                      That is not true.

          Another accuser speaks up.


                      Yes it is. He charges for food, for
                      everything. Where is all this money
                      going? We hear he has a deal with
                      Bizimungu.





                      It is said that you work for the murderer
                      George Rutagunda.

          Murmurs of agreement. Paul has heard enough.


                      I confess.  It's true I have a
                      deal with General Bizimungu. He was just
                      here. I worked out another money making
                      scheme for him. New arrivals will be
                      taxed at the gate.

          Silence.


                      Do you know what my deal is with
                      Bizimungu. I pay him and he keeps you
                      alive. Anyone want to take their money
                      back?

          PAUL pulls money from his pocket, hands it around, offers it.


                      Here, here take it. And you don't have to
                      pay your bill. I will move you into the
                      ballroom or out into the gardens.

          He walks among them.


                      And, yes, I work with George Rutagunda.
                      I buy rice and beans, beer and soap. I
                      will have to visit his warehouse soon
                      because we are running out of food. Who
                      wants to come with me?

          Paul holds the door open.


                      Anyone who wants to come with me stay
                      behind. If not, please leave.

          They hurry out, duly chastised. But Odette and her husband Jean
          Baptiste remain.


                           
                      You are most certainly not coming with
                      me. You will get me killed.


                      You can't go to that place, they know
                      what you are doing here.







                      George will not hurt me, I am too
                      profitable to him.


                      What if he is not there?

          Paul hasn't got an answer for that one. He leads them out.




          Roger is asleep, on a couch in the living room, several kids sleep on
          the floor.

          TO THE BED: Where Tatiana suppresses bursts of laughter as Paul relates
          the Gregoire story in whispers.


                      As soon as the General left he came
                      running back.  Help me,
                      sir, I have been possessed by a witch.
                       A witch you say?
                       Yes, yes, I did not know I was
                      in that room. The president's room, why
                      would I be in the president's room? (own
                      voice) Indeed, the General asked me the
                      same.  Asked you what? (own
                      voice) Does Gregoire think he is
                      president now?

          PAUL mimics Gregoire's whimpers of fear.


                           
                      Stop, stop, we will waken the children.

          Paul lifts the bottle of fine bordeaux, pours more.


                      Lynch Bages, 84. Perfect with lamb, or
                      fine rare beef.


                      So where is the lamb?


                      Maybe Gregoire and the witch ate it.

          They both chuckle, then Paul remembers, a cloud of anxiety comes over
          him.


                      What's the matter?






                      We're running out of beer and other
                      supplies.

          She kisses him.


                      The foreigners abandon us and you do
                      inventory. You are so conscientious.

          She kisses him again, tries to cheer him.


                      I have to go out to get food.


                      Go out! Where?


                      To Rutagunda's place. It is close by.


                      No, no.


                      I have to, Tatiana, we are only as                         
                      valuable as the service we provide.                        

                      You cannot go alone.


                      I'm not going alone. I'll take Gregoire
                      with me. He's a good Hutu, and he wants
                      to impress me now.




          The lobby is deserted except for Gregoire now neatly dressed.


                       regoire it is good to see you back to
                      work.


                      Please, except my humblest apologies...


                      Don't worry. I have a job this morning. I
                      must go to visit my good friend George
                      Rutagunda. You know George?

          Gregoire nods, impressed.




                      Fetch the van.




          A thick mist blankets the grounds as Paul and Gregoire emerge.


                       Where are we going, sir?


                      For supplies, you drive.


                      The fog is too heavy, sir.


                      Just drive, Gregoire.




          They pass the gate, the policemen are asleep in the box.

          The van passes along the deserted main road, past a wrecked car, over
          broken glass, the fog swirls around them.

          Then Gregoire hits the brakes.

          In front of them, a makeshift barricade, long poles stretched across
          two oil drums.

          They wait for someone to appear from the fog: No one.


                      We should go back, sir.

          Paul wants to agree, but can't. He opens his door.




          Paul gets out, tentative.


                      Hello?

          Nothing. He moves to the barrier, lifts the pole, places it on the
          ground, hurries back to the van.









                      Let's go.

          They drive past the barricade.

          The van weaves through the fog-enshrouded streets.

           hey slow to check road signs in the fog - on one a woman's dress,
          shredded and soaked in blood, is draped like a banner.




          The fog still hangs like a cloud. As they pull up, a group of young
          Militia emerge from Toyota trucks.


                      What do you want?


                      We are to meet Mr. Rutagunda.


                      The commander is not here.


                      He will be here.


                      Show me your ID

          Paul and Gregoire hand over their ID cards. The Militia man studies
          them, then pockets the cards.


                      Excuse me.


                      What?


                      Our cards, please.


                      What cards?


                      You have our cards.








                        No. But I make cards. Would you like me
                        to make you two cards?


                        How much?


                        One thousand francs.

          Then from out of the fog, three Toyota trucks roar up. George
          Rutagunda, heavily armed, in cut-off shorts and an open shirt, his
          barrel chest laden with bandoliers, jumps out.

           he Militia man pulls out the ID cards, hands them back.


                        apologetic)
                       joke.

          Rutagunda strides over.


                        Paul. My old friend.

          Paul climbs out, greets George, as a Militia man swings open the doors
          of the warehouse. They walk in.




          The warehouse is filled with looted televisions, artwork, cars. George
          points to the stacks of beer.


                        Everything is double the price now, you
                        do understand that?


                        I need rice, beans, beer, and your best
                        whiskey.    G


                        Beer yes, but no whiskey.


                        You have no whiskey?


                        No whiskey, no spirits. Your rich
                        cockroaches at the hotel, they will have
                        to do without their scotch. Anyway, I                       
                        have bled that cow enough Paul.                             







          Paul counts out the Rwandan francs.


                      What do you mean George?                                     

                      Their money is no good to them. Soon all                     
                      the Ineysi will be dead.                                     

                                                                    
                      You cannot kill them all.



                      Why not? We are half way there already.

          Paul's stomach heaves. He hides it, turns over the money, gets in the    
          van with Gregoire. George comes to the passenger window.                 

                      Let me give you a tip my friend, our                         
                      generals in the army say 'do not go near                     
                      the Mille Collines or they will send the                     
                      Belgian soldiers back here'. But the                         
                      generals are about to leave, and we will                     
                      be in charge. It is time to butcher your                     
                      cow for the meat.                                    
                      You can help us Paul. You have some very                     
                      important traitors at your hotel. The                        
                      politician Xavier. The liar Benedict. If                     
                      we were to get them, then maybe we could
                      let one or two cockroaches get away. You                     
                      understand, Paul.

          Paul says nothing, but Gregoire has been listening very carefully.


                      Let's go.


                      Take the river road back. It is clear.

          The van takes off.




          The fog has gotten thicker. They can barely see a yard ahead.


                      Are you sure this is the river road?


                      I saw the sign.






          The van begins to bump erratically. Bump, bump, bump.


                      Stop. You've driven off the road.
                      You'll put us in the river.

          The van jerks to a halt.




          Paul clambers out, stumbles, falls.

          And discovers he's looking at the face of a dead child, a young Tutsi
          girl, her hands clasped on her ears as though to block the sound of her
          own death - an African Munz's Scream.

          Paul clambers to his feet, sees that the van is on a road littered with
          dead bodies, men, women, children.

           he bumps were dead bodies, the van has driven over them.

          A breeze from the lake blows the fog clear for thirty feet.

          REVEALING: a carpet of bodies, hundreds of them sprawled all along the
          road as far as Paul can see. Paul wanders stunned among misshapen
          corpses, made more ghostly by wisps of fog.

          Finally, Paul clambers shell-shocked back into the van.


                      Go back! Go back!

          Gregoire throws the van into reverse.

           hey bump back over the carpet of bodies, each shake and crunch another
          horror.




          The van pulls up at the rear suppliers entrance. Paul hops out, turns
          to Gregoire.


                      Tell no one what you saw, do you
                      understand?

          Gregoire, Zozo and the porters begin unloading the van.








          Paul wanders to a bench set back in a manicured grove of bushes. Beyond
          him a crowd of Rwandan refugee children play in the swimming pool,
          laughing, jumping, splashing like they were at a municipal pool in
          Central Park.


          PAUL watches. Tears stream from his eyes, the stream grows into a
          flood, he buries his face in his hands.

          Then a voice.


                      Mr. Manager.

          Paul wipes his eyes, turns.

          A little boy stands behind him, holding out his arm.


                      Mr. Manager, sir.

          Then Paul sees what is wrong. The boy Has a big thorn imbedded in the
          muscle of his arm. Paul studies it.


                      That's a big one. 
                      Here we go.

          Paul pulls on the thorn, the kid doesn't flinch.

          Paul picks him up, carries him to the pool, throws him in.




          Tatiana feeds the children - rice and beans. Paul arrives.


                      Good evening, Papa.


                      Roger, you have no greeting for me.

          Roger tries to speak, struggles to mouth the words but nothing comes
          out, as though he has forgotten. Tears form in his eyes.


                      There, do not worry, no tears.

          He hugs him, puts him back at his food, then takes Tatiana's hand,
          leads her to the door.







                        Where are we going?

          They slip out.




          Tatiana stops.


                       Please, Paul, why do we have to go to the
                       roof?


                       It's alright. This is the only place I
                       can find some peace.




          Paul slips out onto the roof. Tatiana follows. Artillery and mortar
          fire rumble in the distance. Flashes silhouette along the far hills
          above Kigali.

          He leads her to a blanket, a candle, two glasses and the bottle of
          wine. They sit. He opens the wine.


                        I hear we must pay for
                       everything. How much for this?


                       A kiss.

          They kiss.


                       You are a very good man, Paul
                       Rusesabagina.

           he kisses him again.


                       I have a confession. When we met...


                       In Ruhengeri?


                       Yes, when you worked as the nurse.


                       Yes.






                      I had you transferred to Kigali.


                      What?


                      I bribed the Minister of Health to have
                      you transferred to Kigali.


                      Why?


                      To be closer. So that I could marry you.


                      What was the bribe?
                           
                      What am I worth to you?


                      It was substantial.


                      Tell me what it was.


                      A car.


                      What sort of car?


                      What does it matter.


                      I want to know.


                      A Volkswagen.


                      A Volkswagen!

           he slaps him playfully.


                      I hope it was a new Volkswagen.

          She kisses him, they lie back on the roof, kiss passionately.








          Paul instructs the porters to clean around the entrance.

          The UN armored car comes up the driveway. Colonel Oliver gets out,       
          strides across the tarmac, he shakes Paul's hand.


                        Great news, Paul, we're going to get you
                        out of here.


          The sweetest words Paul has ever heard.




           Oliver is on the stage, all the refugee guests are crowded into the     
          room he has a list in his hand.


                        The UN has been notified that the
                        following families have received travel
                        visas from the following countries.

          He reads.                                                                

                        Abukesu - Tanzania, Arumangu -Zambia,
                        Bawroanga - Kenya,

          CLOSE ON: Elation among the chosen families.


                        Gituaranga - Zambi, Horangora - Belguim

          CLOSE ON - Fear on the faces of families who realize they have missed
          this alphabetical list, anxiety among the others.


                        Paramisambi - Zambia, Rusesabagina -
                        Belgium.

          Tatiana kisses Paul.


                        Zamacanga - Ghana. A plane will land at
                        the airport tomorrow and the named
                        families will be flown to Kenya. Two UN
                        trucks will be here at 7 a.m. The named
                        families must be ready to leave then.

              voice calls out.




                      Colonel, sir. Why not take us all to the                       
                      airport? We can wait there to obtain
                      visas.


                      I can't do that. Our camp at the airport
                      is overwhelmed already. We could not
                      defend you there. You are better to stay
                      here and work to get an exit visa.

           Oliver jumps from the stage, pushes through the crowd.                    
          Paul's POV: Odette and Jean Baptiste are silently devastated. He pushes
          through to the Colonel now surrounded by those who didn't make the         
          list.


                      Colonel, Odette Camundu ... she must be                        
                      on the list.

           Oliver shakes his head no.                                                

                      Paul, only those I called can get on the
                      trucks. I do not want to have to pull
                      people off, you understand?

          Paul nods yes. Tatiana arrives beside him, pulls him aside.


                      I will not leave without the twins.


                      We have to get out of here Tatiana.


                      Please, please try one more time.


                      I'll try but we have to leave, with or
                      without them. I want you to promise.

          She reluctantly nods yes.




          Mr. Garindi waits nervously in the lobby.

          Paul arrives.





                      It is dangerous to be here. The radio
                      says this is a nest of cockroaches.


                      I need one last favor. Go back and get
                      the twins.


                       No, it is impossible. That
                      side of town has been destroyed in the
                      fighting. The children are dead.


                      How do you know?


                      Everyone is dead there. The dogs eat the
                      bodies in the street. I have to go.


                      I will give you my house.

          The businessman turns back.


                      It's a fine house. Here is a paper.

          Paul spots an elegant woman carrying laundry toward the elevator. He
          runs to her.            P


                      Madame Kawunda, please.

          Paul leads her over.


                      I need you to witness this signature.
                           
                      Madame Kawunda is the Minister for
                      Agriculture. She is a very reliable
                      witness.

          Paul signs, then hands the pen to the puzzled woman.


                      Please witness this deed.

          She signs. Paul pushes the deed into the man's hand.


                      There, now go and find them. They have no
                      papers. No one knows they are Tutsi. They
                      will be alive.





          The businessman heads for the door.


                      You must be back by 7:00a.m. tomorrow.

          Paul watches him go.


                      Seven, remember.

          The Mr. Garindi leaves.




          Paul skirts the little groups of poor families bivouacked on the lawn.
          The smoke of cooking fires has replaced the Tiki lanterns. The grounds
          are a mini refugee camp.

          Paul joins Tatiana, Odette and Jean Baptiste who sit at a table by the
          pool.


                      Don't worry, Paul, we will make the next
                      list.

          ZOZO arrives, with beers, serves them, is about to leave. Tatiana grabs    
          him by the arm.                                                            

                      Sit with us Zozo.  


                      No ma,am, I am too busy.   


                      Zozo you are family, join us.                                  
          Zozo is shocked by this breach of protocol but sits.


                      You are my dearest friends. I promise you
                      before God that I will not sleep until I
                      have you out of here. All of you.

          He embraces Jean Baptiste


                      It is good that you are going, Paul,
                      because now we know we have one person
                      who will save us.

          Odette hugs and kisses him.




                      We owe you our lives.

          Paul takes Zozo in his arms.


                      You are my family now, Zozo, my brother.
                      I will get you out of here.


                      Thank you, sir.


                      Let us remember this night and tell the
                      world that even in hell there are good
                      people.

          A unbreakable bond of faith with each other.






          The lucky families are gathered: Tatiana and all her children; Xavier
          and his wife; Benedict; and others.

          Some of the unlucky ones peer around the door of the ballroom. A UN
          officer stands in their way.


                      Back. Everyone back. Only those with
                      letters of acceptance in the lobby.




          The UN convoy waits outside.   Tatiana waits nervously as Paul   checks
          his watch.


                      A little longer, Paul?


                      We wait until 7:00. If he is not here
                      with the twins he is not coming. We
                      leave. That was your promise. Go help the
                      children.




          Paul is in a horrible mood. The refugees in the ballroom try to push by
          the UN officer. Paul joins him.








                         Back, please. Stay back.


                         Zozo, tell those people to get back to
                         the ballroom. They can not be here.

          Zozo scampers off.


                         What are we waiting for? Come on.

          Paul herds the convoy people toward the door.

          CLOSE ON: Gregoire watching from behind the front desk.

          Through the doors we see the trucks being loaded.

          Zozo returns.


                         Sir, the others want to speak to you.

          Reluctant, Paul walks over to the ballroom dwellers.


                         Yes.


                         Good, sir we have letters, please take
                         them for us.

          Paul reaches out for the letters, takes them, reads the addresses:
          President Nelson Mandela. Pope John Paul. President Clinton.


                         If you leave, we are certain to die.


                         I have a letter, sir.

          Zozo hands Paul the letter. He studies the address. It reads "To the
          great man Muhammad Ali."

           thers crowd around.


                         I will get you all visas. I promise. I
                         will get you out of here.

          Paul's at a loss. He has to tear himself away.

              fraid to look back, he heads for the convoy.








          The last of the evacuees clamber onto the UN trucks. The children are
          on board but Tatiana waits.


                      Ask them to wait a little longer. For the
                      twins.


                      Get on the truck, Tatiana.


                      No.

          He checks his watch, then takes her in his arms.


                      Look, our children are crying, please get
                      on the truck.

          Paul helps Tatiana on board. He looks toward the door.

          POV: The unlucky refugees are now crowded at the windows, lost souls
          watching out from their prison at the lucky ones.

          Paul whispers to Benedict as he boards.




          Paul clambers on beside him.   He reaches Tatiana as Benedict sits
          beside her.


                      I have to stay.


                      No! Sit down now.


                      I cannot leave these people. I will wait
                      for the twins.

          Paul backs off. Tatiana tries to follow. Benedict grabs her.


                      Let go. Let me off this truck.

          A commotion as she tries to get up.


                      Let me go. Children get off.





                      I will follow on the next plane. Go.




          The truck starts up. Paul runs beside it, shouts to Tatiana.


                      I love you. Keep the children safe.


                      Paul!

          Then another voice.


                      Papa! Papa!

          The convoy takes off down the driveway.

          Paul, Zozo and other refugees cluster by the door.

          ZOZO looks round,


          Sees: Gregoire put a phone down.




          UN Colonel Oliver sits next to a UN PAKISTANI DRIVER.                      
           he convoy passes looters and small groups of Militia on the road but
          proceeds unheeded.




          The room is still littered with clothes, kids drawings, the personal
          junk accumulated over four weeks.

          Paul tries to arrange things, then collapses on the bed, paralysed with
          doubt - Why did he do this?

          Then the door bangs.


                      Boss, sir, quick, please, come quick.




          The door springs open, Paul confronts Zozo.







                           
                      Sir, the radio, you must hear, it is on
                      the radio.




          Paul and Zozo burst into the kitchen. The cooks and others are
          clustered, listening to the radio.


                      ...Block the roads to the airport! The
                      cockroaches from the Mille Collines are
                      escaping! Xavier. The liar Benedict, the
                      traitor Rusesabagina's cockroaches. Stop
                      them now at Rue Don Bosco. Thirty
                      thousand francs for the head of Xavier!


                      Dear lord, how did they know?


                      I saw Gregoire make a call, sir?


                      When?


                      As the trucks go.




          Paul bursts out of the kitchen - enraged.

          Gregoire is at the front desk. Sees Paul - understands instantly.

          Gregoire takes off, running for his life.




          Paul chases after him, through the door.

          Gregoire disappears into the thicket of trees.

          Paul after him.

          Through the trees.

          Gregoire, younger, faster, climbs the high wire fence.

          Finally, Paul reaches the fence.






          Sees Gregoire escape into the bushes on the other side of the fence.

          Paul gives up, turns back toward the hotel.




          As the UN jeep turns a bend, Colonel Oliver SEES crowds of Interahamwe       
          swarming from beside houses, from gardens. They pull burning tires, old
          furniture, junk onto the road.




          The UN truck suddenly lurches, then slows.    The refugees from the Mille
          Collines grow alarmed.


                        What's happening?




          Paul is on the fax phone, begging.


                        Please, General, I will give you money,
                        whiskey.


                        You said you had no whiskey.


                        Please, I have money. They're driving
                        into an ambush, it's on the radio.




          Swarms of crazed Militia fill the road. Gun fire breaks out.

          Colonel Oliver steps from the jeep, waving his pistol in the air.

           ilitia men swarm around him, push past to the truck.



              MACHETE SLASHES through the canvas.

           hildren scream, HANDS GRAB at people.

          Benedict is hauled off the truck. Beaten.

          Tatiana protects her kids in a corner, kicking at the hands that grab
          for her.





          ON THE STREET: Xavier falls to the ground.

          Screams, shouts, MORE SHOTS.

          Oliver fights his way through to Xavier.                                   
          Oliver points his pistol.                                                  
          The crowd backs off slightly.

          Xavier gets to his feet.

          BANG - more gun fire. IMMACULATA falls, wounded in the foot.

          More are dragged from the trucks. Machetes flash in the sun.

          Then HORNS, GUNFIRE - RWANDAN SOLDIERS drive through the crowd in two
          jeeps. The crowd scatters, then re-forms as Rwandan soldiers push
          between the Militia and the refugees.

          As they do, another Militia gunman steps out, fires wildly at the
          refugees, but wounds A RWANDAN SOLDIER in the stomach.

          Suddenly fights erupt between the Militia and the soldiers.




          Paul paces up and down, he can hear gunfire in the distance.



          Paul jumps in the van, guns the engine, drives.




          Paul's van speeds toward the gate.



          As a UN JEEP, its tires shot out, sparks cascading from wheel rims,
          screams up to the guard house.

          Paul slams on the brakes.

          The jeep is followed by the two trucks, their canvas slashed fluttering
          in the wind.

          Paul throws the van into reverse and clears the way.

          The convoy pulls up in front of the hotel.

          Bloody and battered, the terrified refugees fall from the trucks.






          Paul and Odette run among the casualties. Then he sees them:

          Tatiana, clothes torn, scratches on her face.

          The kids screaming in terror.

             PAUL runs to them, grabs, kisses, weeps louder.

          Battered refugees everywhere, other hotel residents looking on -
          equally terrified because: They know they are doomed.

          Paul sees Roger, trembling, tears soak his face.


                         Papa! Papa!

          He grabs Roger up. Tatiana struggles to Paul, embraces.


                         Thank God you are safe.

          Tatiana breaks from the embrace.


                         Did he bring the twins?

          Paul shakes his head no.




          Paul sits alone on his secluded bench in the garden.

              cloud of despair shrouds him.

          As he watches several women dip cooking pots into the pool.

              e hurries toward them.


                         What are you doing?


          P              There is no water from the pipes.

          PAUL heads for the front doors. He's intercepted by the two Rwandan
          policemen stationed at the gate by Bizimungu.


                          here is our beer? You promised us beer.


                         Did you explain to the good General that
                         I have temporarily run out of stock?





                      He said to ask Mitterand and the French
                      to send you more.


                      You will get it in due time. Now, please,
                      get back to the gate.




          Paul enters, sees Zozo.


                      What is this about no water?


                      It's true, sir, the water has been turned           
                      off.




          Paul enters. Odette, Benedict watch CNN on the TV.

          PAUL shakes his head in disbelief.


                      We can still get CNN here in hell.

          A state department woman gives a press conference.


                      The Americans are talking about us.





                      From the reports we have received from
                      Rwanda it appears that acts of genocide
                      have been committed.


                      Excuse me, how many acts of genocide does
                      it take to declare this a genocide?


                      I, ahh, there is, ahh we have
                      terminology, that has been.




                      You haven't answered the question. How
                      many acts of genocide before your
                      government will declare this a genocide?


                      I'm not prepared to, nor am I able.

          Everyone in the room is dumbfounded.

          Then Benedict begins laughing, a maniacal laugh, then he bangs on his
          chest, and hoots like a chimpanzee.


                      I've got it. I have the answer. Watch.

          They all stare as he begins beating his chest, and hopping about like
          an ape.


                      We must become mountain gorillas. Then
                      they can put us on the endangered species
                      list. Come on, try it. They think we're
                      halfway there already.

          Benedict hops up onto a desk.

          The door flies open. It's General Bizimungu.

          He surveys the room, then points at Paul.


                      Come here.




          Bizimungu looks terrible, an alcoholic suffering D.T.s.


                      Where are my supplies?


                      I'm sorry, General. The cellar is empty.


                      You have cockroaches dancing on tables
                      and you tell me the cellar is empty? Did
                      they drink my whiskey?


                      No. We have no way of finding other stock
                      but I have money for you from the guests.



          Paul pulls a bundle of notes, hands them to the General.


                      Rwandan francs! They are only good now
                      for wiping your ass. There is nothing
                      more I can do for you people. No police.
                      No protection. You're on your own.

          The General storms off.




          Paul walks through the lobby. He carries an ash tray to a trash can,
          the futile task of a dedicated hotel manager on auto-pilot. He sees a
          UN jeep pull up outside.




          Paul meets the UN soldiers, (They are the four Ghanians who guard the
          gate). They look frightened.


                      The policemen have gone. What happened?


                      I ran out of whiskey. Please go down and
                      guard us.

          Then ROAR of an engine and the CRASH of splintering wood.

          As a battered Toyota pickup appears, it races up the driveway. The
          truck drags the wooden gatehouse on a rope behind.

          Crazed Militia pack the bed of the pickup.

          BANG, BANG, BANG. A Militia man fires a pistol into the air.

          The Tutsi refugees camped on the lawn flee in panic as the Militia
          truck speeds around the driveway.

          The Militia taunt and yell at the Tutsi refugees.

          The truck does a screeching turn and heads back down the driveway,
          leaving a trail of splintered wood.


                      Get down there and stop them, please.

          Now the Ghanians are really frightened.


                      Get down and stop them.




                      You know we cannot shoot.


                      What do you mean you cannot shoot?


                      We are peacekeepers, it is not in our
                      mandate to shoot.


                      Then go and pretend you are soldiers.




          Paul and Tatiana pass the clusters of families around their cooking
          fires. They pass the pool, now just a third full. He sits her on the
          bench in the grove.


                      We are almost out of water.


                      We are almost out of everything.

          He takes her hand.


                      We had a good life, you and I. I want to
                      make our peace. To thank God for the time
                      we had.

          He kisses her, total love.


                      We have to have a plan.


                      What sort of plan?


                      Our children cannot see us die first. If
                      the Militia comes, you must hurry up to
                      the roof. I will meet you there.


                      Please do not talk like this.


                      We have to. If I do not come, you must
                      take them all by the hands and jump.

          She puts her hands to her ears. He pulls them down.





                      The machete is no way to die. Promise me
                      you will do it.

          She cries harder and squeezes his hand in fear.

           uddenly, A BANG, from behind them and then above their heads a trail
          of fire - an RPG rocket - zigzags toward the hotel.

          A HUGE EXPLOSION on the wall, one-story beneath the roof.

          Paul throws Tatiana to the ground, covers her.


           moke and concrete dust fall around them.




          Paul, Zozo stand amongst the debris: a gaping hole in a wall. The room
          is covered in burned note papers, menus brochures for Sabena's two
          hotels, the Mille Collines and the Diplomat.

          Odette appears carrying her medical bag.


                      Was anyone hurt?


                      No. It was only a storeroom.                                   



          Colonel Oliver arrives in his armored truck. Paul, Odette, Benedict and    
          others gather around him.


                      They fired a rocket at us.


                      Yes.   Where are the Rwandan police?


                      I ran out of bribes. Bizimungu took them
                      away.


                      That explains it. I'm sorry to tell you
                      this but we've heard rumors the Militia
                      are getting ready to storm the hotel.


                      Will you protect us.







                       I can't, I don't have the men.


                       We have no one...We will be killed.


                       There's one option.


                       What is it?


                       The rebels have fought their way into the
                       city. They have many Hutu prisoners.
                       They're willing to exchange them for you
                       all.


                       Will the Hutu army agree?


                       I think so. They are in disarray now. The
                       rebels are winning, and the Hutu high
                       command are anxious to get some of their
                       men back.


                       How would we escape?


                       By convoy.


                       This time the Militia will kill us.


                       They will surely kill us here. It's over
                       here. We have to take the chance.


                       No, we'll be chopped on the street.


                       We'll be chopped here.

          The crowd disperses. Colonel Oliver takes Paul aside.  


                       A man came to my headquarters, asked that
                       I give you this.

          Colonel   Oliver hands a letter.                                     




                      Paul, I need you to buy me a day or two.
                      I don't have the fuel for this convoy. I
                      will have to scrounge it.


                      I can't. I have nothing left to bribe
                      with. Can your men at the gate hold out
                      for another day?


                      No, Paul, they're afraid. They've
                      demanded to be moved back to headquarters
                      now.


                      Give me their uniforms. I will put people
                      at the gate, in disguise.


                      I wish I could, Paul. Try to hold out.
                      One more day.

          Colonel Oliver leaves. Their is nothing more Paul can do.                  



          Tatiana is beside him. He opens the envelope, finds his makeshift house
          deed and a note.


                      It's from Garandi.                                             
                           
                      I am sorry. There is no hope for the
                      twins. The old lady's house has been                           
                      destroyed.




          Paul sleeps fitfully. It is almost dawn, then he sits up.


                      The Diplomat!

          Tatiana wakens, startled.


                      What's wrong?


                      I have to go to the Diplomat.






          Paul is on the one working phone.


                      General, sir. I am glad to find you. I
                      have found you some supplies.


                      Whiskey?


                      The finest, and cognac, champagne. Come
                      and I will get them for you.


                      I'll be over.


                      Bring back your policemen...

          ...But the line is already dead.




          Bizimungu's jeeps arrives at the hotel. Paul greets him.


                      We must go to the Diplomat.


                      Get in.


                      Your police are at the gate?


                      After the Diplomat!

          Paul clambers in the back.




          The jeep turns away from the Mille Collines front gate.

          They travel at high speed along the road. Then the driver sounds his
          horn, because...

          Paul sees: A large crowd of Militia marching along the road toward the
          hotel, waving machetes and sticks.






                      Where are they going?


                      They can go where they want. They are in
                      charge now.


                      What do you mean, General?


                      We have decided to move the government to
                      Gitarama.


                      When?


                      Today.




          Paul arrives into the lobby of the Diplomat. Looters have stripped the
          place bare. The convoy pulls up. General Bizimungu stands with his
          pistol out. The looters see him and disperse.


                      Maggots!




          Paul enters the manager's office, followed by the General. It has been
          stripped clean, except for the safe, which is pock-marked with bullet
          strikes.



           LOSE ON: Paul: he sees a big problem. The dial is damaged.


                      Do your work.

          Paul goes to the safe and turns the dials, tries the handle - nothing.
          It is incredibly hot, and Paul is soaked with nervous perspiration, he
          takes off his jacket.


                      It might be damaged, General.

          Bizimungu's look says: it better not be for your sake.





          Paul starts again, turns the dials more carefully, tries and opens the
          safe door. CLICK.

          He pulls it open, sees six bottles of Glenfiddich, four bottles of VSOP
          brandy.

          Bizimungu is joyous as Paul hands him a bottle

          Bizimungu sits on a window ledge, takes a swig.


                      Here.  To celebrate.

          PAUL takes a swig.


                      You know what the Scottish call it?


                      No.


                      Ishca Baha - the water of life. I went on
                      a tour once of the finest single malt
                      distillery in the world. Have you ever
                      been to Scotland?


                      No, sir.


                      Wonderful country, wonderful golf. I
                      wonder - will I ever go back? What do you
                      think?




                      I hope we all get to do many things. Can
                      we go now?

          The soldier arrives with a box. He whispers to Bizimungu.


                       Pack those carefully,
                      put them in my jeep, and guard them.


                           
                      Please, General, call and put your
                      policemen back at the gate.

          The soldier packs the bottles. Bizimungu pours into Paul's cup.




                      I am going to do you a great favor.
                       I am going to take you
                      with us to Gitarama.


                      I do not want to go to Gitarama, General.


                      You cannot go back to the hotel. The
                      crazy men are going there now. Better to
                      come with me.

          Paul is now terrified.


                      The Militia are at the hotel?! We must go
                      back now, General, please, for my family.

          Bizimungu, now tipsy, drinks more.


                      We are better here.


                           
                      Listen, you need me.

          Bizimungu laughs.


                      You are a marked man.


                      How so.


                      The Americans, and the UN they have you
                      as a war criminal. You are on a list.


                      I am on a list! What list?


                      When the Europeans left, their soldiers
                      gathered lists.

          Bizimungu grabs Paul.


                      You lie.





                      If you do not help me, you will stay on
                      that list.


                      I committed no war crimes.


                      Who will tell them? You need me to tell
                      how you helped the hotel. The others who
                      have gone, they blame you for all their
                      misfortune. They say you led the
                      massacres.


                       I led no massacres.


                      You think they will believe you?


                      You will tell them the truth.


                           
                      I will do nothing unless you help me now.

          Bizimungu reaches for his pistol.


                      What are you going to do, shoot me? It
                      will be a blessing. Go ahead shoot. I
                      will pay you to shoot my family. You can
                      do nothing to me!

          Bizimungu jumps up, grabs Paul, pulls him.


                      You will tell them I did nothing.




          Paul and Bizimungu rush out to the jeeps.




          Paul almost overcome with anxiety. Bizimungu worried.




          Militia swarm around the front of the hotel.





          The jeeps race through, scattering them. They screech to a halt.
          Several refugees sit, huddled and battered. Bizimungu jumps out,
          snatches an A.K. from a soldier, fires in the air.


                      Get back!  Get them out
                      of here.

          PAUL does not wait.




          Paul races into the hotel, past frightened refugees who flee.

          Then Paul sees a face he recognizes.

          It's Gregoire with the Militia! Paul ducks into the stairway.



          He leaps the stairs four at a time.

          He makes it to the third floor, pushing past frightened refugees who
          race down the stairs.



          He runs straight into a bunch of young Militia.


                      Rusesabagina. Show us Rusesabagina.

          They shove Paul along the corridor.


                      Show us the manager. He wears a suit.


                      They have him in the lobby, go quickly.

          The killers race off.    Paul gets to his feet and runs.




          Paul bursts in.    The place is a mess. And it's empty!


                      Oh God, please Lord.



          He careens out of the room.




          And sees Gregoire coming with a group of Militia.


                       That's him. That's Rusesabagina!

          They charge toward Paul.

          Then a roar of gunfire. The ceiling and walls around Gregoire explode.
          General Bizimungu's men run up with weapons drawn.


                       Get out, or I'll shoot you.

          Paul rushes to the stairs.

          More gunfire echoes .

          AT THE STAIRS - Paul races upward, falls, pushes past others struggling
          to get down.

          AT THE ROOF - now, there are clumps of refugees who have fled up there,
          including Xavier who huddles in a corner.


                       Tatiana! Oh God. Have you seen Tatiana?

          Paul runs to the edge of the roof, looks over.

          SEES: bodies -   women, and children, still, on the ground beneath, by a
          row of hedge.


                      


          The bodies move, look up, it's not them. It's refugees hiding. Paul,
          delirious with fear, runs along the parapet.

          BELOW he sees soldiers herding the Militia.

          He runs back to the stairs.

          INSIDE THE STAIRCASE: He jumps four stairs at a time.

          INSIDE THE CORRIDOR: Soldiers are chasing off the Militia.

          TO HIS ROOM: Paul staggers in, crazed with fear. He looks under the
          bed.

          INTO THE BATHROOM - empty.

          He's about to run out again, sees the connecting door to the adjoining
          hotel room is slightly open.





          INTO THE ADJOINING ROOM: It's empty, then A WHIMPER.

          FROM THE BATHROOM, he moves in, cautious.

          IN THE BATHROOM: Nothing. He moves over, pulls back the shower curtain.

          Reveals: A cluster of women and children, the older ones holding hands
          over the mouths of the younger ones. And there at the back: Tatiana and
          his kids.


                      It's alright, they're gone.

          Tears, hugs, women tremble.




          The grey of dawn, before the sunrise.

          Colonel Oliver in his jeep leads a convoy of UN trucks past the guard      
          house and Bizimungu's police and up the drive.





          Parked in front of the hotel. Tutsi refugees file up and are helped on
          board by UN soldiers.

          Paul helps Tatiana and the children onto a truck.

          An ARGUMENT breaks out towards the back of the convoy. Paul rushes
          toward Xavier and Benedict who argue.


                      They should go one truck at a time. When
                      the first truck gets through to the
                      airport, then the others will follow.


                      We can't wait. We all go together or not
                      at all.

          Paul takes matters into his own hands. He locks the doors of the hotel.
          There is no going back.


                      It is time to leave. The Mille Collines
                      is closed.

          Paul climbs onto the truck. The others follow, some reluctantly.

          Colonel Oliver gives the signal.                                           





          The trucks take off down the driveway.




          Paul now at the front of the truck

          WATCHES out through a slice in the canvas.

          SEES, the convoy pull out of the Mille Collines.

          They travel along the road.

          Turn a corner, and the truck slows ...

          PAUL SEES: a great mass of Hutus fill the road:

          Militia, kids, soldiers discarding uniforms.

          No longer a mob, but a crush of Hutu refugees now fleeing toward them,
          fleeing the advancing of the rebel army.

          A crowd of Militia men wave their arms, shout at the trucks.


                      Don't stop. Push through.

          The driver reluctantly speeds up.

          A break in the mass of Hutu refugees.

          Then GUN FIRE ahead.

          Children begin crying, it becomes infectious, spreading to Paul's
          children, some of the women.

          Then ahead, a gang of Militia men break from the bushes beside the
          road.

          They're running fast toward the truck, some carry rifles.

          There's more gunfire behind.

          The Militia are almost upon them now.

          Colonel Oliver has his pistol drawn.                                      

                      Keep going.

          The Militia are at the truck.

          But they run STRAIGHT PAST!





          As a platoon of Tutsi rebel soldiers (in bush camouflage and   red and
          blue headbands) burst from the brush.

          Pursuing, careful, professional.


                       It's the rebels.

          The crying stops. Silent disbelief.


                       We've made it!

          Cheering breaks out. Children frightened again by the sudden euphoria
          break into cries of joy.

          A rebel soldier waves his AK 47 in the air.




          The trucks crawl into the chaos of the stadium, a mass of refugees, the
          wounded, lost children, abandoned old people, hundreds crammed
          together.

          Paul, Tatiana, and the others clamber off the trucks. They hug, cry, an
          outpouring of relief. Then Tatiana spots someone among the crowds.

          She rushes over.


                       Have you seen my sister Fedens?

          Heads shak `no'. Tatiana moves on, more frantic, pushing through the
          crowds.


                       Two little girls, twins, an old woman had
                       them.

          More `nos'

          Now she's desperate, pushing, tripping through the crowds, and around
          her we see others doing the same, then


                       Mama, mama.

          He reaches her, pulls at her dress.


                       Mama, wait.

          She takes his hand.





                      No, mama, look.

          Tatiana turns .... and sees Paul carrying the twins in his arms.

          She squeals with joy, runs to him, snatches one from his arms.


                      Oh, my babies.


                      Anais, it is so good to see you.


                      I'm Carine!


                           
                      And I'm Anais!

          Their laughter mix with tears of joy among the crushing mass of            
          survivors.





















          George Rutagunda was convicted of crimes against humanity.   He is now     
          serving a life sentence in a Tanzanian jail.



          Augustin Bizimungu escaped with the Hutu Militia to the Congo. In
          August, 2002 he was captured in Angola. A UN war crimes tribunal has
          charged him with crimes against humanity.



          PHOTO OF: THOMAS AND FEDENS                               Thomas' and
          Fedens' bodies where never found. Paul adopted their twin daughters.

          PHOTO OF: PAUL                            PAUL
          RUSESABAGINA: saved the lives of all one thousand two hundred Rwandan
          refugees who took shelter at the Mille Collines Hotel.

          PHOTO TURNS TO PHOTO OF REAL PAUL AND HIS FAMILY.         Paul,
          Tatiana, the twins, and all their family now live in Belgium, where
          Paul owns and operates two taxi cabs.






