








                            Written by

                          Derek Kolstad



                         
                         
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         

                         
          A verdant landscape of rolling hills, lush countryside, and
          ambient peace.
                         
                         

                         
          A small, quaint, two-bedroom farmhouse: a classic. Nearby, a
          small barn -its paint chipped, wood worn- sits nestled within
          the setting. The homestead feels slightly abandoned, the
          facade -especially the roof- in dire need of an overhaul.
                         
                         

                         
          The hour hand of an old, electric clock shifts slightly,
          marking six a.m. A soft alarm sounds. Beneath the blankets,
          a body shifts, a weathered hand reaching out to silence the
          antique.
                         
          A beat... a sigh... a groan... and JOHN WICK -early sixties,
          salt-and-pepper hair, three-day beard, former boxer, former
          military, tired, beaten down, and at wit's end- sits up,
          staring unblinkingly out at the day.
                         
          A beat... and he stands, donning a weathered robe and a pair
          of slippers. John stuffs his hands into his pockets...
                         
                         

                         
          ...and shuffles down the corridor, the walls overflowing with
          family pictures, each badly in need of dusting. They
          catalogue a long and healthy life with his wife, Norma; the
          pictures presenting a time line of sorts. No children, yet
          sheer, unadulterated happiness.
                         
                         

                         
          As John makes his way through his home, we can see that it is
          cluttered and unorganized. Dirty, in fact, as if it hasn't
          been cleaned in months.

                         
                         

                         
          John opens the door, retrieves the newspaper, closes, and
          locks the door behind him, without giving the outside so much
          as a glance.
                         
                         

                         
          John unceremoniously tosses the newspaper onto the table,
          opens a cupboard, and measures out a couple of tablespoons of
          Folgers Coffee into an old percolator.
                         
          As it begins to bubble, John open the fridge, studies its
          contents for a moment or two, and then closes it, abandoning
          the thought of breakfast.
                         
          He pours himself a cup of coffee and sits at the table. The
          newspaper is ignored. He drinks in silence for a long, dark,
          brooding moment, the loneliness almost unsettling.
                         
          Suddenly, the phone on the wall RINGS.
                         
          John lowers his cup, staring at the device, his eyes tired.
          A beat... and he stands, walking slowly to answer it.
                         

                    This is John.
                         
          As he listens to the voice on the other end, John remains
          still... stoic.
                         


                    Ok.
                         
          John hangs up the phone and returns to the table, sinking
          slowly down into his chair.
                         
          A long beat...
                         
          ...and John begins to weep, his hands trembling as he lowers
          his face in excruciating, utter, and complete sorrow.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Having shaved and showered, wearing an old -but well-fitted-
          gray suit, John pushes open the garage door...
                         
          ...to reveal a legend in dire need of a total overhaul: a
          black, 1969 FORD MUSTANG `BOSS 429'.

                         
                         
          A smile plays at his lips as John walks into the garage,
          running a hand along the chassis, desperately in need of a
          wash and wax. Behind him, the wall is lined with tools: a
          mechanic's dream enclave.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          -and closes the door behind him.
                         
          John takes a moment to breath it in: he loves this car...
          although he hasn't taken very good care of it as of late. A
          beat... and he slips the key into the ignition, twisting it,
          the motor coughing to life, the exhaust pipe belching black
          smoke.
                         
                         

                         
          The vehicle pulls out of the garage, stalls briefly, come
          back to life, puttering on down the road.
                         
                         

                         
          A soft rain begins to fall.
                         
                         

                         
          Carrying a humble bouquet of yellow daisies, John slowly
          makes his way down the eerily empty corridor. He pauses
          before a picture on the wall, glancing at his reflection upon
          the glass. He takes a deep breath, exhales, and enters a
          room.
                         
                         

                         
          John slowly approaches the figure lying in bed: surrounded by
          machinery, accompanied by the soft sounds of technology.
                         
          He removes the wilted daisies from the vase, tosses them in
          the trash, and replaces them with fresh ones.
                         
          He pulls over a chair, reaches out, and takes Norma's hand:
          she is comatose, her breathing synthetic... so many
          machines... so many wires, tubes, and monitors.
                         
          We never see her face:   just her silhouette.
                         
          He holds her hand for a long moment in heavy silence.

                         
                         
          Behind him, the DOCTOR -of a similar age to John- enters,
          placing a hand on John's shoulder. John lowers his head, and
          nods. With a bit of effort, he stands, staring down at her
          for a long moment, never once releasing his grip, and leans
          over to kiss her on the forehead.
                         

                    ...it had to be you...
                        
                    ...be seein' ya'...
                         
          A beat... and John nods.
                         
          The doctor turns off the machine; lights dim, the room
          settles into silence, and Norma's body grows still.
                         
          The Doctor leaves John to be alone with his wife.
                         


                    Be seein' you.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John pulls into the building...
                         
          ...and sits behind the wheel for a long moment...
                         
          ...his eyes unblinking...
                         
          ...so very alone...
                         
                         

                         
          John stands before the wall of pictures, statuesque as he
          studies them... unmoving...
                         
          And then, he snaps; his hands gnarled into first, roaring
          with rage as he punches the pictures, ripping them from the
          wall, tossing them aside, eventually collapsing into a heap,
          out of breath, his knuckles bleeding.
                         
          A long beat... and he chuckles softly, pulling himself to his
          feet.

                         
                         

                         
          Unlike the rest of the house, this space is pristine and
          organized: one half designated as an impressive wood shop,
          the other an office space with a lazy boy recliner and tube
          television.
                         
          John sits at his desk with a pencil in hand, a pad of paper
          before him, thinking.
                         
          A long beat... and he sighs with a smile, placing the pencil
          upon the pad before sliding them both aside.
                         
          John unscrews the cap off the bottle of scotch and pours
          himself a healthy dose.
                         
          He opens his desk drawer, reaches into the back, and finds an
          old pack of cigarettes, half-empty. He taps one from, places
          it between his lips, and lights it, taking a deep pull. He
          holds it, and exhales, his body relaxing.
                         
          He finishes his drink along with the cigarette, pours himself
          another...
                         
          ...and then opens a BOTTLE OF PILLS (The label reading NORMA
          WICK and OXYCONTIN), pouring them into a small mound upon the
          desk. He stares at them for a long moment...
                         
          ...before selecting one, studying it, sighing and-
                         

                         
          John freezes, not sure as to how best to proceed.
                         
          A beat... and someone KNOCKS a second time.
                         
          John sighs, drops the pill back onto the mound, and walks
          upstairs.
                         
                         

                         
          A DELIVERY WOMAN waits for him on the doorstep.   John opens
          the door.
                         

                    John Wick?
                         

                    Yes?
                         
          She hands him a clipboard and a pen.

                         
                         

                    Sign here, please.
                         
          In a daze, John signs the clipboard and hands it back to her.
                         

                    And the pen?
                         

                    Oh.   Sorry.
                         
          John hands her the pen.
                         

                    Here you go!
                         
          The Delivery Woman hands him a card and a PLASTIC CASE by the
          handle which he takes without looking.
                         

                    Have a good day.
                         
          John nods, and -as she takes off- heads back inside.
                         
                         

                         
          John closing the door behind him...
                         
          ...and is startled by a small BARK.
                         
          A beat... and he looks down to find that he is actually
          holding a small PET CARRIER. He lifts it to look inside:
          the face of a young, tri-colored ,
          CHORGI  looks out at him, her
          tail wagging fiercely.
                         
          She barks again, and John lowers it, confused.
                         
                         

                         
          Holding the envelope in his hands, John sits across from the
          carrier which he has set upon the table. Inside, the Chorgi
          lies with paws crossed, studying him, tilting her head from
          side to side.
                         
          A beat... and John opens the letter. The card inside is
          simple; white with a single DAISY drawn upon it. John smiles,
          instantly knowing who it is from, running a thumb along the
          face of the flower. He hesitates, but opens the card.

                         
                         

                    Dear, John. If you have received
                    this, then I have not survived the
                    surgery.
                        
                    I am so, so sorry.
                         
          Tears begin to well in John's eyes.
                         

                    But you've still got a life ahead
                    of you, and I intend for you to
                    live it. You may think you've
                    hidden things from me, but you
                    haven't. I know you. And should
                    this reach you in time -which I
                    pray it has- I beg you, I implore
                    you, to stop. To think. To live.
                        
                    I love you, John. With all my
                    heart. Our years were good. The
                    best, in fact. But I'd rather see
                    you later... than sooner... your
                    best friend... Norma.
                         
          John lowers the letter, wipes the tears from his cheeks, and
          stares at the puppy... chuckling.
                         

                    Well played, Norma.
                         
          John reaches across, and flicks open the pet carrier.
                         


                    Well played.
                         
          The Chorgi scrambles out of the cage and studies him;
          sniffing, licking, and barking.
                         

                    So... you gotta' name?
                         
          John checks the collar to find a DAISY-SHAPED medallion which

                         

                    Moose.
                        
                    Seriously?
                         
          As if in reply, Moose barks.

                         
                         

                     All right, then...

                     ...Moose, it is.
                         

                         
                         

                         

                         
          The homestead has been completely overhauled with a new roof
          on the house, the barn having been painted, the yard attended
          to... a picturesque scene worthy of a postcard.
                         
                         

                         
          The alarm sounds, followed by silence when a heavy hand drops
          down upon the snooze button.
                         

                         
          Silence.
                         

                         
          Silence.
                         

                         
          A beat... and John sighs, pulls back the covers, and kicks
          out his legs, sitting on the edge of the bed, rubbing his
          eyes.
                         

                         
          John glances over at MOOSE who lies on the bed, her paws
          crossed, held tilted, and tail excitedly wagging in notes of
          three.
                         


                     I'm up, I'm up.
                         

                         

                         
          - John fries up a couple of pieces of bacon and adds them to
          his plate of scrambled eggs and toast.

                         
                         
          He kneels down next to Moose's bowl and pours some of the
          bacon grease over the kibble. As John takes his seat at the
          table to enjoy his coffee, breakfast, and newspaper, Moose
          devours her meal.
                         
          - With his car tilted up by jack stands, John lays upon a
          creeper cart beneath it, changing the oil as -nearby- Moose
          lies in the sun, fast asleep. The vehicle is pristine: fully
          restored and lovingly detailed. Finishing up, John slides
          out from beneath the vehicle, and wipes the grease from his
          hands with a shop towel.
                         

                    That oughta' do it.

                    Wanna' try it out?
                         

                         
          - At an abandoned airfield, the Mustang roars down the open
          stretch of landing strip as Moose stands at the open window,
          tongue wagging in the air. John is in his element: calm,
          cool, and collected behind the wheel of his car... almost as
          if it is a natural extension of himself. He deftly shifts
          gears, reaching speeds in excess of 120 miles per hour before
          hitting a long patch of gravel, shifting, spinning the wheel,
          and skidding -while remaining in full control- as the wheels
          skim over the earth. Moose barks. John smiles, reaching
          over to scratch her on the back.
                         

                    Good girl, Moose. Good girl.
                         
          - At a small park, John sits at a picnic table, eating a
          sandwich as he works his way through a small book of
          crossword puzzles. A cup of hot coffee rests nearby as
          beneath the table, Moose gnaws on a tough piece of rawhide.
                         
          -At a gas station, Moose barks at passing bikers as John
          fills the tank.
                         
          IOSEF TARASOV -mid-twenties, thin, oiled hair, sunglasses,
          hipster, douche-bag- parks his vintage BMW next to the Ford
          and as he gasses up, motions.
                         

                    Nice ride.
                         

                    Thanks.
                         

                    How much?

                         
                         

                     It ain't for sale, kid.
                         
          Iosef smirks with a shake of his head.
                         

                         
                     Everything's got a fucking price.
                         

                         
                     Maybe so... but I don't.
                         
          Taken aback by John's fluency, he watches as John enters the
          vehicle, guns the engine, and drives off.
                         
          - John dozes on the couch as -between his legs- Moose snores
          softly.
                         
          - As John washes his car, Moose chases after birds before -
          exhausted- laying upon her back in the sun, stretching as she
          gnaws upon her favorite stuffed animal.
                         
          - With a glass of scotch resting on the end table beside him,
          John sits in his weathered La-z-boy recliner with his reading
          glasses on, a book before him, and Moose curled up, asleep in
          his lap. A beat... and John closes his book, finishes his

                         

                     Come on, then.
                         
          -and stands, with Moose leaping to the floor, leading the way
          back upstairs.
                         
          - Moose lays on the foot of the bed, tail wagging.      John
          smiles, scratching her belly.
                         

                     Good night, Moose.
                         
          John climbs beneath the covers, sighs, and slips off to sleep
          as does Moose.
                         

                         

                         


                         
                         

                         
          John awakes to hear Moose growling with tail thumping,
          sitting before the closed door.
                         

                    Do you need to go out?
                         
          John groans as he rolls out of bed.
                         


                    So could I, it would seem...
                         
          John opens the door.    Moose barks, and sprints off into the
          darkness.
                         

                    What's gotten into y-
                         
          We hear a THUMP and a YELP.
                         

                    Moose!
                         
          John runs into-
                         
                         

                         
          -and freezes at the sight of two MASKED MEN...
                         
          ...a half-second before a THIRD MAN steps into frame and
          drives the butt of his shotgun against the side of John's
          head. He drops to the floor, hard.
                         

                         
          Across the room, the silhouette of Moose's body faces him,
          her breathing labored.
                         

                        
                    You find the keys?
                         
          One of the masked men, LIMPS by, dragging his foot slightly,
          an old injury or birth defect.
                         

                        
                    Yeah. He kept `em in a bowl like
                    my old man.
                         
          Voice #1 chuckles enjoying this as he sucks on a fresh mint.

                         
                         

                          
                      Then shit... let the fuckin'
                      babushka fade away and let's get
                      the fuck outta' here.
                         
          One of the men kneels down next to John, pulling back his
          mask to reveal his mouth which grins upon him with white
          lacquered teeth: it is IOSEF.
                         

                      I'm glad you didn't wanna' sell,
                      old man.

                      I enjoyed this.
                         
          Iosef cold cocks John as we-
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Silence.
                         
          ...a long beat, then...
                         
          ...thump...
                         
          ...long beat, then...
                         
          ...thump...
                         
          ...a long beat, then...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A small tail rises slowly, and lands with a soft "thump".
                         
          John stirs with a groan, and opens his eyes...
                         
          ...to find Moose's nose touching his cheek.
                         
          He suddenly sits up, remembering.
                         

                      ...Moose...
                         
          Moose takes a shallow breath...
                         
          ...thump...

                         
                         
          John begins to unravel, hands trembling.
                         


                      Moose...
                         
          He touches Moose's side, and she whimpers.
                         
          John recoils...
                         
          ...and sees the trail of blood from where she was first
          injured...
                         
          ...having pulled her broken body over to his side.
                         
          John lies down beside Moose, and softly... tenderly...
          cradles her head in his hand, rubbing her cheek with his
          thumb.
                         
          Moose relaxes, licks his thumb, sighs one last time...
                         
          ...and grows still.
                         
          John pulls himself up into a sitting position, cradles
          Moose's still body...
                         
          ...and begins to cry...
                         
          ...rocking back and forth.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John remains sitting on the floor with Moose in his arms.
                         
          A long beat... and he stands; an old, weary, and defeated
          soul.
                         
                         

                         
          John flicks on the light and walks down the stairs, gently
          placing Moose's body upon his work bench. He searches a
          shelf and finds a large box which he unfolds...
                         
          ...placing Moose's body within.
                         
          A beat...

                         
                         
          ...and John reaches down to retrieve Moose's stuffed animal
          from the floor, placing it down beside her.
                         
          With a tender -careful- touch, John removes Moose's collar,
          placing it -almost with reverence- upon a nail in the wall.
                         
          John stares down at his dog for a long moment...
                         
          ...before closing the box.
                         
                         

                         
          John digs a small grave...
                         
          ...places the box, staring at it for a long moment...
                         
          ...and then fills the hole.
                         
                         

                         
          On his hands and knees, John brushes the blood from the
          floor.
                         
                         

                         
          John takes a long, hot shower.
                         
          He sprays a bit of shaving foam into his hand, unfolds his
          ceramic razor, stares at it for a long moment...
                         
          ...and begins to shave.
                         
          As he does so, the stress leaves his shoulders, his eyes
          unblinking, his movements precise.
                         
          With every flick of his wrist, John seems to change slightly:
          his features hardening, relaxed, and yet wound tight
                         
                         

                         
          John gets dressed, but the outfit is slightly different than
          we are used to seeing: dark, tailored pants, crisp white
          shirt, Italian shoes, and a black, leather jacket.
                         
          The look suits him although it is a tad bit unsettling,
          making for an intimidating veneer.

                         
                         

                         
          John sips coffee -no breakfast- alone at the table, staring
          at the wall.
                         
          Like clockwork, he lifts his mug, sips, lowers it, waits
          patiently, lifts, sips, lowers...
                         
          ...there are no micro-emotions, but it is anyone's guess what
          is taking place in his mind.
                         
                         

                         
          John leans heavy against the wall, staring at the pictures.
          We now notice that among the images of John and Norma...
                         
          ...are also pictures of John and Moose.
                         
          John lowers his head with a sigh, massaging his brow, lost in
          thought.
                         
          When he raises his face...
                         
          ...the change which has washed over him...
                         
          ...is complete.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A bus roars on by.
                         
                         

                         
          John sits alone in the middle of the bus...
                         
          ...staring straight ahead...
                         
          ...unblinking.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         


                         
                         

                         
          A 24/7 chop shop, this facility is populated by dozens of
          hardened criminals, but has become the only family anyone
          knows.
                         
          This is a tight knit, loyal, and talented crew.
                         
          A number of vehicles are being repaired, dismantled, painted,
          and the like: a non-stop flurry of activity.
                         
          Walking the floor, AURELIO -late sixties, hard eyes, soft
          smile, the father figure of this little family- banters with
          his crew before pausing to help lower a new engine into a
          car.
                         
                         

                         
          John's Mustang roars down the street, tires clawing at the
          earth as it rounds a tight corner.
                         
                         

                         
          Perched behind the wheel, IOSEF smiles as, in the passenger's
          seat...
                         
          ...VIKTOR -mid-twenties, short, stout, a pronounced LIMP,
          well-dressed, gawdy jewelry, terrible glasses- and, in the
          back seat...
                         
          ...KIRILL -early thirties, enormous, muscular, meathead-
          cheers him on.
                         
                         

                         
          The Mustang pulls into the lot, and enters-
                         
                         

                         
          -pulling into an empty space.
                         
          A pair of OLDER MECHANICS notice the car, share an
          emotionless -yet knowing- look, set down their tools, and
          calmly leave the building.
                         
          Iosef, Viktor, and Kirill pour out of the vehicle, laughing.
                         

                        
                    Shit, dude!


                         

                    I'ma gonna' keep this muthafucker!
                        
                    Hey, where's Aurelio at?
                         
          Iosef sees Aurelio walking towards him, his gaze locked onto
          the Mustang, recognizing it.
                         

                    Where'd you get that?
                         

                    I gots my ways, yo! Now, it's hot
                    as shit, so I wanna paint job,
                    papers, fuckin-
                         


                    I said, where... did you get that?
                         


                    Some old fuck.
                         

                        
                    I know this car.
                         

                    What the fuck are you sayin'?
                         
          Aurelio opens the driver's side door, reaches up behind the
          visor, and pulls out the registration card which reads JOHN

                         

                        
                    Fuck... me.
                         
          Aurelio quickly replaces the card.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    Out.    Now.
                         

                    What the fuck are you talking
                    about?
                         
          By now, everyone in the facility has stopped working,
          watching the drama unfold.

                         
                         

                    I'm talkin' about you takin' this
                    fuckin' car and gettin' the fuck
                    outta' my shop.
                         

                    Did you lose your shit, Aurelio?
                    We own you. You do what we say.
                         

                    The fuck you do. Tell me...
                         
          Aurelio motions towards the car.
                         

                    ...did you kill him?
                         

                    No.

                    But I sure as hell fucked up his
                    dog.
                         
          Aurelio's eyes grow wide... knowing.
                         
          Surprising even himself, Aurelio rears back and delivers a
          powerful blow to the center of Iosef's face, shattering his
          nose.
                         
          Stunned, Iosef reels and drops to a knee, cradling his face,
          blood seeping between his fingers.
                         
          In a knee jerk reaction, Kirill pulls his gun.
                         
          The atmosphere immediately grows tense, the air still, as -
          throughout the building- Aurelio's mechanics each reach for a
          hidden weapon: knives, machetes, guns, and the like.
                         
          Aurelio glares -unblinking- at Kirill as he walks towards
          him.
                         

                    You pull a gun? On me?   In my
                    house?
                         
          Aurelio presses his forehead against Kirill's outstretched
          gun.
                         

                    Flick off the safety.
                         
          Kirill smirks, and flicks off the safety.

                         
                         

                       Pull back the hammer.
                         
          Kirill blinks, faltering in this game of brinkmanship.
                         

                       Now, either shoot me...
                           

                         
          Silence...
                         
          ...as Viktor lowers Kirill's arm and we can see he is
          relieved that Viktor intervened.
                         

                       The old man ain't gonna' like this.
                         

                       Maybe not.     But he'll understand.
                         
          Viktor and Kirill help a still dazed Iosef to his feet.
                         


                       ...the fuck jus' happened...?
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The bus pulls away from the curb...
                         
          ...and John crosses the street, making a b-line for Aurelio's
          automotive.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters the building which is silent:       everyone is gone.
                         
          John carefully makes his way through the floor, rounding a
          shelving array to find Aurelio -a cigarette dangling from
          between his lips- sitting at a folding card table, his hands
          folded in front of him, a bottle of Campari and two glasses
          resting nearby.
                         

                       Hello, John.
                         

                       Hello, Aurelio.

                         
                         
          Silence.
                         
          Aurelio flips over the glasses and pours two drinks.
                         

                     Have you seen my car?
                         
          John takes a glass and slams back the drink, swallowed in a
          single gulp.
                         

                     I have, but it's not here.
                         

                     Where is it?
                         

                     If I turn down the work, the
                     Russians turn to Takeshi and his
                     crew. You'll find them down on
                     Third and Main.
                         

                     Thank you.
                         
          John turns to leave, but hesitates.
                         

                         
                     Aurelio...
                         

                     Yes, John?
                         

                     ...they killed my dog.
                         

                     I know, John. I know... but
                     "they"...
                         
                     ..."they" are extremely dangerous
                     people.
                         
          John nods and walks from the room.
                         


                     Aren't "they" always...
                         
          A long beat, and Aurelio sighs, relaxing as he pours himself
          another drink.
                         


                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          An old, quiet, and clean building lost amongst dozens of
          others in a dying industrial park.
                         
                         

                         
          A bus pulls up the curb, pauses for a beat, and then rolls
          off...
                         
          ...leaving behind John who walks across the street, his
          expression blank.
                         
          His gait is steady, his shoulders relaxed, hands limp at his
          sides, breath steady.
                         
          The two GUARDS at the door glance up as he approaches,
          standing as they shift into character.
                         

                    What are you-
                         
          Without slowing, John reaches into the man's jacket, slips
          free the pistol from the shoulder holster therein and-
                         

                         
          -fires -twice- into the man's heart, before turning-
                         

                         
          - to fire once into the other guard's face, never slowing,
          kicking open the door-
                         
                         

                         
          -to enter the facility, shooting anything that moves. He is
          the angel of death: each target receives two well-placed
          bullets to ensure incapacitation. He never slows, never
          misses, and will not stop.
                         
          The primarily Japanese crew is in a panic with most fleeing -
          a number of whom are shot in the back- while those choosing
          to shoot back are cut down in a blink.
                         
          Once emptied, John drops his pistol, kneels, sweeps up a
          fallen gun up, levels, fires, always moving, and -as he
          passes by a lift- slaps a button, slowly lowering his Mustang
          down to the floor behind him.

                         
                         
          John is a force of nature as he clears out the building.
                         
          Unstoppable.
                         
                         

                         
          A couple of mechanics escape the building, the last of which
          is shot in the back; dropping to his knees as a bullet slams
          into the back of his head.
                         
          Running with all of his might, MECHANIC #1 screams into his
          phone.
                         

                        



                         
          Behind him, John appears in the doorway, aims...
                         
          ...and decides otherwise, lowering the pistol.
                         
                         

                         
          John opens the door to the Mustang, tosses the pistol onto
          the passenger's seat-
                         
                         

                         
          -and slips behind the wheel. A slight smile plays upon his
          lips as he sighs; a part of him having been returned. He
          turns the key, revs the engine, slams his foot down on the

                         
                         

                         
          -and crashes through the garage door of the building, tires
          squealing as the Mustang pulls a one-eighty, righting itself

                         
                         

                         
          -leaping out onto the street, furiously gaining momentum, as
          a trio of heavily-modified NISSAN SKYLINES appear and take
          chase.

                         
                         

                         
          John glances into the rearview mirror, takes the pistol in
          his left hand, shifts, and spins the wheel-
                         
                         

                         
          -turning to face the oncoming vehicles.
                         
                         

                         
          John shifts again, and crushes the gas pedal underfoot-
                         
                         

                         
          -rear wheels smoking as they struggle to grip the road. Once
          they do, however, the Mustang leaps forward, bearing down on
          the Skylines.
                         
          As the distance between them grows smaller, the passengers of
          two of the skylines emerge with semi-automatic weapons...
                         
          ...but before either of them can fire...
                         
          ...John fires off four shots, killing them each with a pair
          of bullets...
                         
          ...before firing until empty...
                         
          ...killing two drivers, and one passenger...
                         
          ...leaving one driver barrelling towards him, covered in his
          passenger's blood, eyes wide with horror...
                         
          ...as the two other cars crash behind him.
                         
          As the two vehicles barrel towards one another...
                         
          ...John is stoic...
                         
          ...while the remaining driver is screaming.
                         
          At the last moment, the driver violently twists the steering

                         
          -barely avoiding the Mustang-
                         
          -but loses control of the vehicle, sending it toppling end
          over end, cart-wheeling amidst a cloud of debris, before
          landing upside down-

                         
                         
          -the gas tank having ruptured, fuel gurgling out of the tank
          to pool around the crushed rooftop.
                         
                         

                         
          The driver hangs from his seat, his belt keeping him in
          place, stunned and bleeding from the forehead.
                         
          A beat...
                         
          ...followed by the sound of footsteps.
                         
          As the driver shifts in his seat, a ZIPPO LIGHTER falls out
          of his pocket, landing on the ceiling.
                         
          John kneels down beside him.
                         

                          
                      Where can I find Iosef Tarasov?
                         

                          
                      I don't know.
                         
          A beat... and John reaches inside to retrieve the lighter.
          He flips it open, and ignites a flame.
                         

                          
                      Don't! Please! Iosef! His
                      father! He owns a club in
                      Manhattan! The Red Circle! The
                      Red Circle!
                         
          A beat... and John closes the lighter and tosses it back into
          the vehicle.
                         

                          
                      Thanks.
                         
          A long beat... and the driver sighs.
                         

                          
                      Fuck.
                         
                         

                         
          As John walks back towards his vehicle, we can hear the sound
          of cop cars approaching...

                         
                         
          ...as a police chopper soars past overhead.
                         
          John doesn't look up as he quickly removes the front and rear
          license plates -both affixed with quick release clasps-
          tosses them into the back seat, and-
                         
                         

                         
          -slips behind the wheel. He twists, the key, revs the
          engine, and bolts forward as behind him-
                         
                         

                         
          -a pair of police cars round the corner-
                         
          -and overhead, the helicopter banks, its sights set on the
          Mustang.
                         


                         
          John leads the cops further and further into the city...
                         
          ...with traffic growing heavier with every block...
                         
          ...and yet John maintains his speed-
                         
          -driving down narrow service alleys with reckless abandon-
                         
          -and going against traffic, steering with an apt hand.
                         
          Eventually, John creates enough mayhem to tie up the police
          on the ground-
                         
          -leaving the helicopter overhead.
                         
          On a long stretch of road, John reaches the vehicle's top
          speed, reaches down, flips open a hidden compartment, and
          presses a button for-
                         
          -his NITROUS OXIDE SYSTEM-
                         
          -which causes the engine to SCREAM, roaring down the road at
          an incredible speed-
                         
          -distancing himself from the helicopter to eventually hide in
          an abandoned warehouse.
                         
          He parks...
                         
          ...and walks across the street to the local diner...

                         
                         
          ...as overhead, the police chopper searches in vain.
                         

                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The floor is empty, the building quiet.
                         
                         

                         
          Sitting at his desk, Aurelio -a cigarette dangling from
          between his lips- works on a model car, carefully gluing
          pieces together.
                         
          The bottle of Campari rests nearby.     Music plays softly from
          a radio nearby.
                         
          The phone rings.     Aurelio takes a deep breath, exhales, and
          answers it.
                         

                     This is Aurelio.
                         

                     I hear you've struck my son.
                         

                         
                     Yes, sir. I did.
                         

                     Might I ask why?
                         

                     Because he stole John Wick's car.
                         
          Silence.
                         

                            
                     Oh.
                         

                     And Viggo?
                         

                     Yes?

                         
                         

                     Your son killed his dog.
                         

                         
                     Good evening, Aurelio.
                         
          Click - the line goes dead.
                         
          Aurelio refills his drink... and chuckles with a shake of his
          head.
                         

                         
                         

                         

                         
          A resplendent home in one of the city's wealthiest
          neighborhoods.
                         
          A trio of military-grade SEDANS -heavily armored,
          tinted/bulletproof glass, intimidating- pull up to the curb.
          The first and third empty as the keen eyes of ten gunmen
          scour the street, buildings, and rooftops.
                         
          A beat... and one of them slaps a hand on the middle Sedan's
          roof.
                         
          Preceded -and proceeded- by a gunman, IOSEF emerges;
          belligerently naive and yet... scared.
                         
                         

                         
          Lighting himself a cigarette, VIGGO TARASOV -60s, face
          scarred by a hard life, one eye dead, hair perfectly coifed,
          expensive suit, a slight limp, relying on a cane- fills a
          tumbler with ice.
                         
          He selects a fresh bottle of JEWEL OF RUSSIAN CLASSIC VODKA
          and twisting off the cap, hesitating. Deciding otherwise,
          Viggo dumps out the ice, pours himself a double shot, and
          slams it back...
                         
          ...before refilling the glass with ice and pouring himself a
          healthy dose.
                         

                         

                         
                     Close the door.

                         
                         
          -and closes the door behind him, tilting his chin towards his
          father with a smirk.
                         

                    Poor me a double, aye?
                         


                    Aye.
                         
          In a surprising blur of motion, Viggo spins-
                         
          -and drives a fist into Iosef's stomach with enough force to
          lift him -momentarily- from the ground.
                         
          With the wind knocked out of him, Iosef drops to his knees,
          opens his mouth to say something, but instead vomits, gagging
          as he gasps for breath.
                         
          Viggo casually returns to the bar, grabs a towel, and tosses
          it down onto his son.
                         

                        
                    Clean that up.
                         
          Again, Iosef opens his mouth to say something, but decides
          otherwise. He grabs the towel and cleans up his mess.
                         
          Viggo takes his drink and walks to the window, his cigarette
          smoldering from the corner of his lips.
                         

                    You should know by now that I live
                    by one simple rule...
                        
                    Should a whelp snap at your
                    fingers, you crush it's fucking
                    skull.
                         
          Iosef pulls himself to his feet, and stumbles to the bar,
          pouring himself a drink.
                         

                        
                    What'd I do?
                         

                        
                    You fucked up.
                         

                    I don't know what y-

                         
                         
          Viggo backhands him, the sound more painful than the strike.
                         

                    Yes.   You do.
                         

                        
                    So I stole a fucking car!   So
                    fucking what?
                         
          Viggo smiles -amused- finishes his drink...
                         
          ...and drives a fist into Iosef's stomach again, dropping him
          once more to his knees, tears rolling down his cheeks as he
          vomits up his own drink.
                         

                    Use that tone with me again...
                         
          Viggo kneels down next to Iosef, grabs his hair, pulls back
          his head, produces a switchblade, flicking open the blade and
          placing it to the flesh directly beneath his son's right eye.
                         

                        
                    ...and I'll serve your eye to you
                    in your martini.
                         
          Trembling, Iosef chokes back tears.
                         

                        
                    Am I understood?
                         

                        
                    Yes... father.
                         
          A beat... and Viggo removes the blade from Iosef's cheek and
          stands, folding the switchblade closed as he stands to pour
          himself another drink.
                         

                    It wasn't the "what you did",
                    Iosef, which draws my ire, but "who
                    you did it to".
                         

                    What?
                        
                    The old man?

                         
                         

                    Careful, son... that old man
                    happens to be three years younger
                    than I.
                         
          Iosef lowers his eyes, his breath catching in the back of his
          throat.
                         

                    His name is John Wick...
                        
                    ...and when he was fifteen, he lied
                    his way into the marines and headed
                    off to Vietnam. He specialized in
                    force-oriented reconnaissance,
                    meaning he often crossed over into
                    enemy territory to both collect
                    information and -should the
                    opportunity present itself- fuck
                    with the enemy in whatever way that
                    he saw fit.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Wearing an undershirt and pants, sweating profusely, John
          wields a SLEDGEHAMMER which he swings down onto the floor
          time and time again, cracking the concrete foundation.
                         

                    John earned four hundred and
                    seventeen confirmed kills over the
                    course of his five tours. The
                    majority of those were done by
                    hand, by blade, and by small
                    caliber... which is unheard of.
                         
                         

                         
          Viggo takes a long pull off of his drink as the information
          sinks into Iosef, the blood draining from his face.
                         

                    It got to him, though. Hell... How
                    could it not? Even though he won
                    every military distinction on
                    record, including the Medal of


                         
                         

                         
          John has revealed an OLD TRAP DOOR IN THE FLOOR-
                         

                    -John was eventually discharged -
                    with high honors, of course- and
                    found himself in the city...
                         
          -which he swings open, revealing a ladder.
                         

                    ...lookin' for work.
                         
          John grabs a flashlight and heads down.
                         
                         

                         
          Viggo lowers his empty glass as Iosef refills his glass with
          a trembling hand.
                         

                        
                    What kind of work?
                         


                    What kind do you think?
                         

                          
                    Oh.
                         
                         

                         
          John shines the light down a thin corridor stacked high with
          a variety of boxes, military containers, and briefcases.
                         

                    John was the goddamned boogeyman;
                    give him a name, request a method,
                    and he'd get it done. Come hell or
                    high water, by God... he'd get it
                    done.
                         
                         

                         
          Viggo leans against the fireplace, suddenly tired.

                         
                         

                    Then one day, he fell in love and
                    left the game. The years scrolled
                    past, age set in, and he -like
                    myself- had to watch the love of
                    his life die. Suddenly alone, with
                    no family to speak of, John
                    deserved to live -and die- in
                    peace.

                    Instead...
                         
                         

                         
          John selects a black case, unclasps it, and swings it open-
                         


                    You went and killed his fucking
                    dog.
                         
          -to reveal a number of PISTOLS, SILENCERS, and AMMUNITION.
                         
                         

                         
          Iosef drops down into a chair, the comprehension of his
          actions clear.
                         

                    Until I say otherwise, you are
                    under house arrest. Am I
                    understood?
                         


                    Yes, sir.
                         
          Viggo turns to leave, chuckling softly to himself.
                         

                    John Wick.     Good God...
                         
          He pauses at the door, glancing back at his son with a
          crooked smile.
                         

                        
                    Sweet dreams.
                         
                         


                         
                         

                         
          John sits at the kitchen table, having cleaned and assembled
          one pistol, now oiling a second. His hands are steady, his
          skill impressive.
                         
          We slowly move past him, over the counter, to the door whose
          handle softly turns. We pull back as it opens-
                         
          -FOUR MEN in black masks, each armed with a silenced pistol
          enter, fanning out-
                         
          -and yet John is nowhere to be seen...
                         
          ...and two silenced pistols are missing from the table.
                         
                         

                         
          A COP CAR pulls up in front of the barn.
                         
                         

                         
          Behind the wheel, CARLO -late twenties, a bit dim, but nice
          enough- kills the engine.
                         

                    Let's see here...
                         
          Carlo checks the dashboard computer.
                         

                    ...a black, 1969 Ford Mustang
                    registered to one John Wick.
                    Age...


                         
          Chuckling EDWARDO -58, nearing retirement, large, heavy,
          smarter than he looks- takes a sip of coffee from his paper
          cup before unbuckling his belt.
                         

                    Yeah, I'm thinkin' he's the one.
                         

                    Should we even bother?
                         
          edwardo opens his door...
                         

                    Protocol's protocol. Stay put.
                    I'll make this quick.

                         
                         
          ...and exits.
                         
                         

                         
          The four masked men enter the living room, each wound tight,
          their silenced weapons at the ready. The lead among them
          enters the hallway-
                         
          -and is shot twice; once in the chest, and once in the head.
          As he goes down, John moves past, killing two others, leaving
          the remaining gunmen-
                         
                         

                         
          -cowering in the kitchen, leaning against the wall.
                         
                         

                         

                         
          -the kitchen light casting the gunman's shadow-
                         
          -and fires twice into the wall-
                         
                         

                         
          -hitting the gunman in the back and the head, dropping him to
          the floor.
                         
                         

                         

                         
          John lowers the pistol, walks to the door, and peers through
          the keyhole to see Edwardo standing on his porch. A beat...
          and John slips the pistol in the back of his pants, unlocks,
          and opens the door.
                         
          An awkward pause, then-
                         

                       Evenin', John.
                         

                       Evenin', Ed.
                         

                       You workin' again?

                         
                         
          John follows his gaze...
                         
          ...to see that a dead gunman is in Edwardo's direct line of
          sight.
                         

                    No...just sorting out a few things
                    with the Russian mob.
                         

                    Ah. Well, then... sort that out
                    however you see fit. I'll cover
                    your ass on my side of the fence as
                    best I can.
                         

                    Thanks, Ed... but you still owe me.
                         

                    That, I do.
                        
                    Good night, John.
                         

                    Good night, Ed.
                         
          Edwardo turns, takes a few steps, hesitates, and turns back.
                         

                    Earlier today, there was an
                    incident involving a `69 Mustang-
                         

                    Yeah, that was me.
                         

                    Oh. Well, then... I'd recommend
                    you find yourself a new ride for
                    the time being. The heat on that
                    make ain't gonna' die down for
                    quite some time.
                         
          Edwardo leaves.   John closes and locks the door behind him.
                         
                         

                         
          Edwardo slips into his seat, closing the door behind him.
                         

                    Well?

                         
                         


                    He ain't our fuckin' guy.

                    Who's next on the list?
                         
                         

                         
          John pulls a large roll of plastic sheeting down from the
          rafters, balancing it on his shoulder with a grunt.
                         
          He grabs a roll of duct tape as he exits.
                         
                         

                         
          John drops the plastic sheeting down upon the floor, and
          rolls it out.
                         
          Standing over one of the gunmen, he reaches down, retrieves
          the man's pistol, and slips it into the holster at the man's
          side. John then kneels beside him and pushes the body onto
          the plastic, rolling him up tight.
                         
          Using his ceramic straight razor, the plastic is cut off from
          the roll. Wrapping the feet, arms, and head tight with duct
          tape, John repeats this process with each body...
                         
                         

                         
          ...until they are neatly lined up near the back door.
                         
          John takes the phone off the wall, thinks for a long moment,
          and dials a number.
                         
          A long beat, then...
                         

                    This is Wick. John Wick, that's
                    right. Yeah, it has been awhile.
                        
                    I'd like to make a reservation for
                    four.
                         
          John glances at the bodies.
                         

                    Ten o'clock? Perfect. Thanks.
                         
          John hangs up.

                         
                         

                         
          John casually opens one of a half-dozen, identical, silver
          cases stacked among the others.
                         
          Inside are hundreds of AMERICAN LIBERTY GOLD BULLION COINS.
                         
          John counts out SIX of them, and closes the case.
                         
                         

                         
          John mops up the blood...
                         
          ...and spackles the bullet holes in his wall.
                         
          We hear a KNOCK at the back door.
                         
          John wipes his hands against his pants, and-
                         
                         

                         
          -opens the door.
                         
          Removing his hat, CHARLIE -70s, small, creepy, thin, frail,
          eyes gentle, a tattooed smirk upon his lips- extends his hand
          with a smile.
                         

                    Good to see you, John.
                         
          John shakes his hand.
                         

                    You, too, Charlie.
                         
          Charlie enters, followed by two GOONS -forties, tall,
          muscular, emotionless- who offer John little more than a nod
          before they begin carrying the bodies out of the house.
                         

                    I was sorry to hear about Norma.
                         

                    Thanks.
                         

                    She was always kind to me.
                        
                    So, what have you been doing to
                    pass the time?

                         
                         

                    I got me a hobby or two.
                         

                    I can see that.

                    Tell me, John... are we back in the
                    game, now?
                         

                    Sorry, Charlie, but no.     I'm on my
                    own nowadays.
                         


                    That is a pity. I find the new
                    breed of your ilk unstable, ill-
                    wrought, and tiresome. The
                    overused adage holds true: they
                    don't make `em like they used to,
                    John.
                         


                    No, they don't.
                         

                    We're a go, boss.
                         

                    Excellent.
                         
          John hands Charlie the six gold coins which he graciously
          accepts with a slight tilt of the head.
                         

                    Thanks.
                         

                    My pleasure, John... and might I be
                    expecting more such visitations?
                         

                    I make no promises on that.
                         


                    Well said.
                         
          Charlie extends his hand.     John shakes it.
                         

                    Be seein' you, John.

                         
                         

                     See ya', Charlie.
                         
          John closes the door.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Cutting vegetables with a large knife, Viggo slides them onto
          the face of an open omelette simmering in the pan. As he
          folds the egg over onto itself, his phone rings. He answers
          it.
                         

                            
                     Yes?
                         
          Viggo rubs his brow with a frown, his head down.
                         

                         
                     Of course he did.
                         
                     Put the word out. Two million to
                     the man who kills John Wick. Three
                     million to the man who delivers him
                     intact.
                         
          Viggo hangs up, thinks for a moment, slips the omelette onto
          a plate, hesitates, and then dials a number.
                         
                         

                         

                         
          A beautiful, rustic, Mediterranean setting.
                         
                         

                         
          Situated on a hundred acres populated by thousands of almond
          trees, the building -complimented by the grounds- is
          breathtaking.

                         
                         

                         
          Accompanied by CESCA -a middle-aged, Majorcan Shepherd Dog,
          similar in look to a Black Labrador- as he walks -cane in
          hand- through his property, MARCUS -seventy, thin, balding,
          round spectacles, clean shaven, always well-dressed,
          expensive watch, and although he may look frail, he is
          anything but- whistles softly to himself.
                         
          His cellphone vibrates.   He answers it.
                         

                    Yes?
                        
                    Why, hello, Viggo. What's it been?
                    Seven years? Seven years...
                        
                    Life?
                         
          Marcus looks around with a smile, reaching down to scratch
          Cesca behind the ears.
                         

                    Life is good.
                         
                         

                         
          Viggo nods, eating a mouthful of the omelette.
                         

                    Good, good.
                        
                    I've a favor to ask. One that pays
                    quite well.
                         
                         

                         
          Marcus chuckles with a shake of his head.
                         

                    As I keep telling those -like you-
                    who keep calling, Viggo... I'm
                    retired.
                         
          Marcus listens to Viggo talk...
                         
          ...pausing in mid-step...
                         
          ...his brow furrowed, eyes still.

                         
                         

                    Come again?
                        
                    John Wick?
                        
                    Consider it done.
                         
          Marcus ends the call, slips the phone back into his pocket,
          takes a deep breath, exhales, turns, and starts walking back
          to his house.
                         

                        
                    Sorry, Cesca... but I've an old
                    friend to attend to.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Pushing a cart of luggage before him, John enters, studying
          the security checkpoint.
                         
          He spots EVAN -60s, African-American, weathered, large man
          with a kind face- who works for the TSA, manning a security
          checkpoint.
                         
          As John approaches the two share a knowing glance.
                         


                    Pockets.
                         
          John places his keys, phone, wallet, and TWO GOLD COINS into
          the tray...
                         
          ...as Evan casually flips off the x-ray machine, allowing
          both John and his luggage through without incident.
                         
          John retrieves his keys, phone, and wallet from the tray-
                         

                    Good day, sir.
                         
          -and walks on as Evan turns the x-ray machine back on,
          slipping the gold coins into his pocket.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          A silver-nosed train roars past, its wheels melting snow from
          the tracks beneath it.
                         
                         

                         
          John sits alone, the train half-empty, staring out at the
          countryside passing him by.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The city is a roiling mass of activity.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Small, trendy, and posh:    an upscale, boutique hotel.
                         
                         

                         
          Carrying a bulky briefcase in each hand -with the duffel bag
          slung across his shoulders- John approaches the front desk
          where the MANAGER smiles up at him.
                         

                    Hello, sir. How may I help you
                    today?
                         

                    I called ahead.     Reservation for
                    John Wick.
                         
          The Manager checks his computer.
                         

                    Ah, yes.   I have you for two
                    nights.
                         

                    Depending on business, it may be
                    more.
                         

                    That's not a problem, sir. We're
                    only at sixty percent capacity.


                         

                    Just let me know should you choose
                    to extend your stay.
                         


                    Y'know, I haven't been here in
                    years. When did the old girl get a
                    facelift?
                         

                    About twelve years ago.
                         

                    Same owner?
                         


                    Same owner.
                         
          John slides across a GOLD COIN...
                         

                    Is she still singin'?
                         
          ...which the Manager -without so much as a blink- slides into
          his pocket.
                         

                    She is. Daily, in fact.   Round
                    about midnight.
                         

                    That's good to hear.
                         
          The Manager hands him a key.
                         

                    Floor seven, room nine.

                    Would you like help with your bags?
                         

                    No, thanks.
                         

                    Will there be anything else then,
                    sir?
                         

                        
                    Can you send me up a hamburger -
                    rare, mustard, onions, pickle- and
                    fries?

                         
                         

                        
                    Yes, sir. And to drink?
                         

                    A nice Pinot. Mid-range. I'll
                    leave that to your discretion.
                         

                    Yes, sir. I have one in mind.
                    It'll be up in a half-hour.
                         

                    Thank you.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The sun has begun to set;     the street lamps having begun to
          ignite.
                         
                         

                         
          A half-eaten meal is scattered upon the table, the bottle of
          wine half-empty.
                         
          Resting upon the bed, the briefcases lie open, revealing a
          veritable armory of dismantled weapons, numerous clips, and
          boxes of ammunition.
                         
          Sitting at the desk, John pauses from cleaning a pistol to
          empty the wine into his glass. Once done, he pulls back the
          slide, studies the pistol with a keen eye, releases it,
          carefully loads a clip with bullets, and slides it into the
          pistol: locked and loaded.
                         
          From a small wooden case, John selects a SILENCER which he
          screws onto the pistol. He sets it down next to a pump-
          action sawed-off SHOTGUN, a SNIPER RIFLE, an old school UZI
          SUBMACHINE GUN -silenced- with a polished mahogany stock, a K-
          BAR DAGGER, and another pistol.
                         
          A beat... and John stands, slips the silenced pistol into the
          back of his pants, dons his jacket, turns off the light, and
          leaves.

                         
                         

                         
          An upscale night club, the line curled around the side of the
          building, generously serviced by heat lamps to accommodate
          the almost non-existent dresses of the many young women.
                         
                         

                         
          John approaches the BOUNCER -30s, Russian, massive, tattooed
          neck, intimidating, his suit one size too small on purpose-
          who controls entry, the guest list glowing upon his tablet
          computer.
                         

                    Name?
                         
          John hands him three, hundred dollar bills.
                         

                    Guest.
                         
          The Bouncer takes the bills, pockets them, and unclips the
          red velvet rope, allowing him entry.
                         

                    Welcome.
                         

                    Thanks.
                         
          As John enters, those in the front of the line complain but
          are ignored as the rope is re-attached.
                         
                         

                         
          Strangely enough, the lobby is laid back and pleasant.
                         
          A single bar is available to the dozen or so patrons who
          lounge about smoking, laughing, and talking as servers wander
          the floor, offering a variety of appetizers.
                         
          Beyond the lobby, however, is a security station -replete
          with a METAL DETECTOR- in front of the elevators: the
          "action" it would seem, is on the top floor.
                         
          John approaches the security station and pauses, dropping to
          a knee to tie his shoe...
                         
          ...and remove his silenced pistol, shoving it deep into the
          soil of a potted plant.

                         
                         
          John stands, empties his pockets into a small plastic bin,
          hands it to a guard, and walks through: he is clean.
                         

                    Thanks.
                         
          John takes his things, enters the elevator, and presses the
          red "P" for penthouse.
                         
                         

                         
          The doors to the elevator open, the music deafening.   John
          exits, turns left, and enters-
                         
                         

                         
          -a two-story structure with the VIPs assembled up top; each
          having paid for their private tables. John enters, carefully
          studying the room. He approaches the bar and waves down a
          bartender.
                         

                    What can I get you?
                         
          John motions upwards as he slides across five, hundred dollar
          bills.
                         

                    A table.
                         
          The Bartender studies him... and then takes his money.
                         

                    This way.
                         
          John follows the Bartender...
                         
          ...who slips a hundred dollar bill to each of the goons on
          either side of the staircase, heads upstairs...
                         
                         

                         
          ...and slips two bills to the Waitress-
                         


                    Enjoy.
                         
          -before returning to the bar.

                         
                         

                    This way, sir.
                         
          John follows the Waitress...
                         
          ...to a table with a perfect view of both levels.
                         

                    Will this do?
                         

                    Yes, thank you.
                         

                    What would you like to drink?
                         

                    Single Malt. Irish, if you've got
                    it.
                         
          John slides her two more hundred dollar bills.
                         

                    And start me up a tab.
                         

                    Yes, sir. I've got a ten-year
                    Michael Collins.
                         

                    Perfect. Do you have a meat and
                    cheese plate?
                         

                    I do.   Anything else?
                         

                    No.   Thank you.
                         
          As the Waitress turns to fill his order, John studies the
          floor...
                         
          ...and the upper balcony... searching.
                         
                         

                         
          A soft snow begins to fall.
                         
                         

                         
          John nibbles on some cheese and bread as he pours himself a
          generous helping of whiskey.

                         
                         
          Down below, Viktor -finishing off his drink- LIMPS past.
                         
          John's eyes narrow.
                         
          He finishes his drink, stands, and follows after Viktor,
          almost breathing down his neck.
                         
          Book-ended by a pair of Estruscan bodyguards who follow every
          move he makes, Viktor slaps a waitress on the ass as he walks
          past.
                         

                        
                    Another bottle of the Goose, love!
                         

                         
                         

                         
          As John stares at Moose's silhouette...
                         
          ...VIKTOR limps past.
                         

                        
                    Yeah. He kept `em in a bowl like
                    my old man.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Drunk, Viktor and his bodyguards enter the bathroom, pausing
          to light a cigarette, before limping into-
                         
                         

                         
          -where he leans against the wall in front of the toilet, eyes
          at half-mast.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters as a patron leaves, the bathroom now empty save
          himself, Viktor, and the bodyguards.
                         
          As the door closes, John produces his CERAMIC STRAIGHT RAZOR,
          drives it between the door and the jamb, and snaps it in two.

                         
                         

                         
          A patron approaches the door and attempts to enter, but it
          won't budge. He shrugs and heads off in search of another
          bathroom.
                         
                         

                         
          One of the bodyguards turns as John approaches, his eyes
          instantly wide -uncomprehending- as the broken tip of the
          blade easily slices open his neck, splashing John with his
          own hot blood.
                         
                         

                         
          Viktor glances towards the closed door with a smirk.
                         

                    Hello?
                         
                         

                         
          As the bodyguard drops to his knees -bleeding out- the second
          guard produces a pistol and -as John moves into him- manages
          to fire off a round which punches through John's shoulder.
                         
                         

                         
          Viktor tenses -eyes wide- shakes off before zipping up his
          pants, reaches into his jacket, and fumbles for his gun.
                         
                         

                         
          With a cry derived far more from anger than pain, John head
          butts the other bodyguard -shattering his nose, his face
          instantly crimson with blood- before slashing the remnant of
          the blade wide, severing the bodyguard's artery.
                         
          The door to the bathroom stall opens and as Viktor emerges
          with pistol held out-
                         
          -John slaps it aside, breaks his arm and kicks in his leg-
                         
                         

                         
          -sending him to his knees, screaming.

                         
                         
          John grabs the broken arm, twists it behind Viktor's back,
          drags him towards the towel, grabs him by the hair, and
          shoves his face into the toilet. He holds him there for a
          good amount of time...
                         
          ...before ripping him back out.
                         
          Gasping for breath, Viktor's eyes are wide, sobriety having
          swiftly returned.
                         


                    What the fuck d-
                         
          John answers by slamming his head against the rim of the
          toilet -breaking Viktor's nose- before shoving his face back
          beneath the water. A long beat...
                         
          ...and John pulls Viktor back up for air.
                         

                        
                    My name is John Wick. You took my
                    car. You killed my dog. Where...
                    is Iosef?
                         

                    Fuck you, old m-
                         
          Behind his back, John snaps Viktor's wrist, and -as he drives
          his face back beneath the water- John snaps one finger after
          the next.
                         
          Underwater, Viktor screams, struggling.
                         
          John pulls him free.
                         




                         

                    And where is Viggo?
                         

                    He moves about... from one place to
                    the next... he's put Iosef under
                    his thumb... wherever Viggo goes,
                    so does Iosef.
                         
          John twists Viktor's arm, breaking it with a dry SNAP.
          Viktor screams...

                         
                         
          ...but John keeps holding his arm painfully in place.
                         

                          
                      Where... is... Viggo?
                         

                          
                      Please... I don't know... please...
                         
          A beat...
                         
          ...and John drives Viktor's head down upon the toilet rim at
          an odd angle, his neck snapping.
                         
          Silence.
                         
          John removes Viktor's wallet and cellphone before exiting the
          stall.
                         
                         

                         
          He slides Viktor's wallet into one pocket and his cell phone
          into another. At the sink, he turns on the cold water tap...
                         
          ...splashes it up into his face, turns...
                         
          ...and pauses, realizing that he is covered in blood.
                         
          John pulls off his shirt, wipes the blood from his face,
          tosses the shirt aside, reaches down, removes Viktor's shirt,
          and slips it on, carefully buttoning it up.
                         
          He wets his hair, slicks it back, turns, removes the piece of
          ceramic blade wedged in the door frame, tosses it into the
          trash, and leaves.
                         
                         

                         
          John passes by the Waitress, pausing to hand her a couple of
          hundred dollar bills.
                         

                      Please close out my tab.
                         

                      Yes, sir.

                      Thank you, sir.
                         
          The blood from his shoulder wound begins to seep into the
          shirt, but only he notices it.

                         
                         

                    Good evening.
                         

                    Good evening, sir.
                         
          John heads down the staircase-
                         
                         

                         
          -and calmly makes his way through the sea of dancers...
                         
          ...as up top, chaos erupts but is silenced by the deafening
          music.
                         
                         

                         
          Using his one good shoulder, John opens the steel door, and -
          his skin pale, cold sweat upon his brow- moves as fast as he
          can downwards.
                         
          His shoulder hurts.
                         
          The blood loss nears critical.
                         
                         

                         
          John exits the building as he scrolls through Viktor's phone,
          searching.
                         
          He finds Iosef's number, and as he calls it, studies the
          image of Iosef which appears on screen.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Iosef lays on his bed with an arm behind his head, smoking as
          he stares up at the ceiling.
                         
          We hear the vibration of his cell phone. He lifts the phone,
          smiles at the sight of Viktor's caller I.D., and answers.
                         

                        
                    Hey, Vik.

                         
                         

                        
                    Viktor is dead.
                         
          Iosef bolts upright, his breath stuck in his throat, eyes
          wide.
                         
                         

                         
          John trudges through the snow with Viktor's phone to his ear.
                         

                    As for the car, I got that back,
                    but as for Moose, well... I'm
                    takin' a page from Exodus on that
                    one: an eye for an eye.
                        
                    No... no, better yet, Genesis.
                         
                         

                         
          Iosef swallows hard.
                         

                    Adah and Zillah, hear my voice;
                    Wives of Lamech, listen to my
                    speech. For I have killed a man
                    for wounding me, even a young man
                    for hurting me. If Cain shall be
                    avenged sevenfold, then Lamech
                    seventy-sevenfold.
                         
                         

                         
          John peers around the corner.
                         

                    Make your peace with God, Iosef...
                        
                    ...for the Devil shall see you
                    soon.
                         
                         

                         
          A long beat... and Iosef hangs up his phone, staring at the
          wall... a solitary tear rolling down his cheek.

                         
                         

                         
          John tosses the phone down into the snow, and jogs across the
          street...
                         
          ...as MARCUS -a cigarette smoldering between his lips-
          watches him from the shadows.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The lobby is empty -save the Manager- who glances up from his
          computer...
                         
          ...to find a wounded -and quite bloody- John walking towards
          him.
                         


                    Good evenin', sir.
                         

                    Evenin'.    Is the doctor in?
                         

                    Yes, sir.    Twenty-four/seven.
                         

                    Send him up, please.
                         

                    Yes, sir.    Anything else, sir?
                         

                    Depends.    How good's your laundry?
                         

                    The best, sir, however, I'm sorry
                    to say that...
                        
                    ...no one's that good.
                         
          John chuckles, sliding a gold coin across to the Manager.
                         

                    No, I thought not.

                    Send me up a beer, too, will you?

                         
                         

                    Yes, sir.    What do you favor?
                         

                    Anything cold.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Sitting in a chair with his shirt off and a beer in hand,
          John grits his teeth as the DOCTOR -80s, steady hands,
          glasses, thinning hair, frail, but strong- removes the bullet
          from his shoulder, dropping it into a glass of water.
                         

                    Did she chip off?
                         

                    Lucky for you, no.   It looks to be
                    a sub-sonic.
                         

                    Good to hear.
                         
          The Doctor cleans the wound, dries it off, and begins to sew
          shut the wound.
                         
                         

                         
          The Doctor exits as John stands in the doorway, his shoulder
          bound tight with gauze.
                         

                    What sort of movement am I lookin'
                    at?
                         

                    If you're lookin' to heal right
                    quick, then keep it marginal.
                    However, if you've still...
                        
                    ...got a bit a' business to attend
                    to...
                         
          The Doctor hands him a pill container.
                         

                    ...take two of these beforehand.
                    You will rip open, you will bleed,
                    but you will have full function.

                         
                         

                    And after?
                         

                    It'll hurt like hell, son... but
                    come the long run, you'll be fine.
                         
          John hands the Doctor two gold coins.
                         

                    Thanks, doc.
                         

                    It's what I do.

                    Evenin', John.
                         

                    Evenin'.
                         
          John closes the door behind him.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The snow now falls harder, although the pace seems lazy.
                         
                         

                         
          Dressed in a fresh suit and tie, John strides through the
          kitchen, ignored by the bustling staff.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters the room, and makes his way to the back where a
          small staircase leads downward.
                         
          John walks down them and enters-
                         
                         

                         
          -walking down the long, brick-enclosed corridor...
                         
          ...stopping before a large, thick, imposing IRON DOOR.
                         
          John removes a gold coin from his pocket...
                         
          ...and slips it into a slit -similar to that of a pay phone-
          to the right of the door.

                         
                         
          A beat...
                         
          ...and a section of the door slides open, revealing a pair of
          judging eyes. This is EDDIE -30s, red beard, shaven head,
          pierced, tattooed, three piece suit- intimidating as hell.
                         
          He studies John for a long moment.
                         

                          
                      I don't know you.
                         

                      Maybe not... but I know this place.
                         
          A beat... and Eddie slides the view piece shut.
                         
          A beat... and the door is unlocked, swinging open.
                         
          John enters, and the door is immediately swung shut behind,
          sealed and locked tight.
                         
                         

                         
          The room is small, but comfortable.
                         
          To the right are a number of coat/hat racks populated by a
          dozen or so items.
                         
          To the left is a bank of modified cigar locker; dozens of
          transparent, safety-deposit boxes framed in mahogany with a
          plaque -etched with a name- upon each.
                         
          Eddie hands the coin back to John.
                         

                      You carryin'?
                         

                      No.   Wait...
                         
          John snaps back his wrist...
                         
          ...and hands Eddie the ceramic straight blade.
                         

                      Sorry.
                         

                      You gotta' name?
                         

                      John Wick.

                         
                         
          Eddie recognizes this name, his demeanor changing
          drastically.
                         

                    Oh.
                         
          Eddie turns, finds a locker with the name JOHN WICK carved
          upon it, opens the small door, slides in the blade, and
          closes it.
                         

                    How about you?
                         

                    What about me?
                         

                    You gotta' name?
                         
          A beat... and Eddie smiles, extending a hand, instantly warm.
                         

                    They call me Eddie.
                         


                    Pleased to meet you, Eddie.
                         

                    Same goes for me, Mr. Wick.
                         

                    Please... call me, John.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters the room through a pair of velvet drapes...
                         
          ...and pauses, taking it all in with a smile.
                         
          A luxurious tavern crafted from a long forgotten speak-easy,
          the room isn't too big, and isn't too small, but... just
          right.
                         
          Booths line the outside walls while a number of tables are
          scattered about.
                         
          Near the stage, a small dance floor has been cleared, the
          wooden tiles worn, but lovingly cared for.

                         
                         
          On stage, JENNY -80s, African-American, petite, a commanding
          presence- sways behind the microphone, singing an old
          standard, her voice similar to that of Billie Holiday;
          strong, tender, and sincere.
                         
          Her eyes grow wide at the sight of John, but she never wavers
          from her tune.
                         
          As John makes his way through the room, everyone nodes,
          offers a handshake, or a simple greeting: this is an old
          family... of a sort.
                         
          In the corner, WINSTON -70s, English, tall, lean, well-
          dressed, glasses, tailored, precise- sits with a worn,
          paperback copy of THE TELL-TALE SHREW in one hand and a dry
          sherry in the other.
                         

                    Hello, Winston.
                         
          Winston lowers the book, and glances across at John with a
          blank -yet warm- look.
                         

                    Hello, Jonathan.
                        
                    It's been awhile.
                         

                    That, it has.

                    I'm glad to see the old place still
                    up and runnin'.
                         


                    I could say the same for you.
                         
          John approaches the bar...
                         
          ...where JIMMY -40s, African-American, three-piece suit,
          expensive watch, kind eyes, quick to smile- looks up with a
          grin.
                         

                    Ho... lee... shit.
                         

                    Hey, Jimmy.
                         
          The two shake hands like old friends.
                         

                    John, my God, it's been... what?

                         
                         

                    I'm no good with time, but... it's
                    been awhile.
                         

                    That, it has.
                        
                    We we're all broken up over Norma,
                    y'know.
                         

                    She got the card, the flowers...
                    she knows you -all of you- loved
                    her.
                         
                    And thanks, Jimmy. It meant a lot
                    to me as well.
                         

                    Well, shit, it's good to see you,
                    John. What can I get you?
                         

                    I'd love a martini.
                         

                    Gin, dry, and onions?
                         

                    Good man.
                         

                    Go on and take a seat.    I'll be
                    with you in a moment.
                         

                    Thanks, Jimmy.
                         

                    All good, John... and seriously...
                    it's good to see you.
                         
          As John leaves Jimmy to make his martini, John strays towards
          the stage.
                         
          Jenny finishes her song, the audiences politely applauds, and
          she steps down to give him a strong embrace.
                         

                    John Wick in the flesh... my, oh,
                    my... will wonders never cease.
                         
          John smiles... almost sheepishly.

                         
                         

                    Hey, Jenny.
                         

                    Where've you been keepin' yourself?
                         

                    I'm not quite sure, but with that
                    said... here I am.
                         

                    Here you are, indeed.   My, oh,
                    my...
                         
          Jenny hesitates, and then clasps a hand to his shoulder.
                         

                    I miss her, too, y'know...
                         

                    I know.
                         

                    And I haven't... I mean, not since
                    the last time...
                        
                    Would you mind... if I sang it?

                    You can say, "no".
                         


                    No, no, Jenny... go right ahead.
                    In fact... please do. I'd like to
                    hear it, too.
                         

                    Will do.
                         
          Jenny hugs him again, kissing him on the cheek.
                         

                    This visit of yours ain't no
                    passin' fancy, is it?
                         

                    No, ma'am.
                         

                    Well, then... you be safe, you
                    hear?

                         
                         

                        
                    I hear.
                         
          Jenny takes to the stage...
                         
          ...as John sinks into his booth.
                         

                         

                    Enjoy.
                         
          -as he slides a martini across to John.
                         
          On stage, Jenny whispers to the members of her small band
          before taking to the microphone.
                         

                    It's been awhile, but... here's to
                    the past... may it influence our
                    future.
                         
          The music begins...
                         
          ...and Jenny sings IT HAD TO BE YOU.
                         
          Her rendition is powerful, sweet, endearing, passionate, and
          sincere. As John watches her sing, a smile tugs at the corner
          of his lips.
                         
          On the empty dance floor...
                         
          ...John watches a younger version of himself with Norma...
                         
          ...dancing slowly... twirling... her head on his shoulder...
                         
          ...smiling...
                         
          ...with a sigh...
                         
          ...before disappearing.
                         
          John swallows -hard- as a trembling hand wipes away a tear.
                         
          Jenny smiles at him with a nod.
                         
          He returns the gesture.
                         
          She continues to sing.
                         
          John raises his glass as-

                         
                         

                         

                         
                         

                         
          Five pictures of John are inconspicuously taken...
                         
          ...by DAVID PERKINS -late twenties, cocky, expensive tastes,
          lean, cruel- at a table across the way.
                         
          David sends them with a text:     "Is this him?"
                         
          A beat... and he receives a text in return:       "Yes.    Where are
          you?"
                         
          David texts back:   "The Continental."
                         
          A beat... and he receives a text:        "We may not engage in
          hostilities upon those premises."
                         
          David texts back:   "I'm willing to take the risk."
                         
          A beat... and he receives a follow up text: "Take him alive.
          Should you fail, we disavow. Should you succeed, we
          reward... greatly."
                         
          David smiles...
                         

                         
          ...as does John.
                         
          Once the song is done, Jenny is met with boisterous
          applause...
                         
          ...with John clapping the hardest among them.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Exhausted -and more than a bit tipsy- John runs a hand along
          the wall to maintain his balance.
                         
          He sings under his breath... humming the tune to IT HAD TO BE

                         
          At his door, he fumbles with his key card, but finally
          manages to open it.

                         
                         

                         
          John closes and locks the door behind him.    He sheds his
          jacket, his shoes, and his pants...
                         
          ...flicks off the lights...
                         
          ...and crawls beneath the blankets with a sigh.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The snowstorm ends, the city suddenly still.
                         
                         

                         
          Empty.
                         
          A long beat... and two figures appear at one end of the hall
          while three appear at the other end: suits, ties, gloves,
          and masks.
                         
          One of them inserts a key card attached to his cell-phone and
          hacks the lock; the light turning from red to green.
                         
          Another places a small, MAGNETIC GUN to the door, adjusts the
          setting, and pulls the trigger-
                         
                         

                         
          -causing the latch to leap back from the door...
                         
          ...which opens.
                         
          All five men enter, closing the door behind them.
                         
          Sound asleep, John lays upon his back beneath the covers,
          snoring softly.
                         
          Well-rehearsed, two men focus upon his legs while two focus
          upon his arms, their hands hovering above an appendage as
          they wait for the fifth ...
                         
          ...who produces a plastic baggie, inside of which rests a
          damp TOWEL.
                         
          David removes the towel...
                         
          ...counts down with a nod from 3... 2... 1...

                         
                         
          Like a well-oiled machine, hands clasp down upon John's arms
          and legs as David slaps the rag down upon John's mouth.
                         
          John's body tenses as his eyes snap open...
                         
          ...but he does not inhale.
                         
          A beat... and John twists at an odd angle, causing one of the
          men holding his arm to lose his grasp. With his one arm
          free, John reaches up, grabs David's wrist, and snaps it.
                         
          As David stumbles backwards with a cry, the others pounce
          upon John...
                         
          ...who produces the K-BAR blade from beneath the blankets,
          driving it into the side of one man's neck once... twice...
          three times...
                         
          ...before releasing the blade, arching his back, and wrapping
          his legs around another man's neck, tensing until -SNAP- the
          man's neck breaks.
                         
          The remaining three -horrified- are at a loss; far removed
          from their element.
                         
          David and a gunman run for the door as a third steps back,
          removes his silenced pistol from a shoulder holster, and
          blindly fires.
                         
          The bullets etch up along the mattress and into the
          headboard...
                         
          ...as John rolls off the bed, reaches beneath it, and grabs
          the shotgun.
                         

                         
          The gunman's left leg disappears as -screaming- he sinks to
          the ground.
                         

                         
          John fires again, hitting the fallen gunman in the chest.
                         

                         
          John fires at the fleeing gunman in the open doorway-
                         
                         

                         
          -sending him spinning out into the hallway.
                         


                         
                         
          He is shot a second time in the back, dead in a blink.
                         
          David rips off his mask as he slides to a stop, hands up,
          just as John emerges from his room, pumping the shotgun for
          affect.
                         
          A beat... and he walks towards David, the weapon steady.
                         


                    ...please...
                         
          John places the shotgun to the back of David's head.
                         
          John is terribly -to an unsettling degree- calm.
                         
          He produces a small pill container, taps out two, and
          swallows them as he rolls his injured shoulder with a groan.
                         


                    Do you know where Iosef is?
                         

                    No, sir.
                         

                    Do you know where Viggo is?
                         

                    N-no, sir.
                         


                    Do you know anythin' worth knowin'?
                         
          Tears roll down David's cheeks as he wracks his brain,
          thinking.
                         

                    Just because I'm good at killin'...
                    doesn't mean I like it all that
                    much.
                        
                    Give me something.
                         

                    Wait, wait!
                        
                    Little Russia. There's a small
                    bank near Cannon Court...
                         

                    What about it?

                         
                         

                     Viggo owns it. It's where he keeps
                     his money. Every dollar of
                     business he does clears through
                     that building.
                         

                         
                     That'll do.
                         
          John swings the shotgun, knocking David out with the butt.
                         

                         
          John freezes...
                         
          ...as HARRY -60s, African-American, former NFL receiver,
          tall, lean, and imposing, yet currently dressed in boxers, a
          t-shirt, and dress shoes- aims a pistol at the back of John's
          head from the open doorway of his hotel room.
                         
          Silence.
                         

                     Do I know you?
                         

                     I'm thinkin' so.
                         
          John turns...
                         
          ...and Harry lowers his pistol.
                         

                     Oh.    Hey, John.
                         

                     Hey, Harry.
                         
          Harry glances about at the bodies...
                         
          ...and steps back inside his room.
                         

                     Good night, John.
                         


                     Night, Harry.
                         
                     Hey, Harry.
                         
          Harry hesitates, but glances out from behind his door.

                         
                         

                    Yeah, John?
                         

                    You keen on earnin' a coin?
                         

                        
                    Times bein' as they are? Yeah,
                    John... I am.
                         

                    Do you mind babysittin' the
                    breathin' one for, I dunno...
                        
                    ...the next six hours or so?
                         

                    Catch and release?
                         
          John tosses Harry a gold coin.
                         


                    Catch and release.
                         

                    Can do.
                         
          We hear the sound of a phone ringing.
                         
          Harry grabs David by the feet as John heads back towards his
          room.
                         

                    Good night, Harry.
                         
          Harry drags David back towards his room.
                         

                    Good night, John.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters his room, and answers the ringing phone.
                         

                    Good evening, Mr. Wick. I'm sorry
                    to be calling you at this hour, but
                    we've received a number of noise
                    complaints from your floor.

                         
                         

                      You don't have to worry about that
                      anymore. I'll be going to bed
                      soon.
                         

                      Have you any need of -say- a dinner
                      reservation, perhaps?
                         

                      Yes, in fact.

                      For four.
                         

                      Six o'clock?
                         

                      Perfect. Oh, and...
                          
                      Do you cater?

                      Excellent. I'll need a car, and...
                      well... something a bit less
                      trivial.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Well-lit, but empty; a beautiful expanse of architectural
          history.
                         
                         

                         
          John walks with his hands in his pockets, his head down, lost
          in thought. He pauses to light himself a cigarette...
                         
          ...a long beat...
                         
          ...and he lowers his head, flicking ash.
                         

                      You willin' to put a bullet in my
                      back, Marcus?
                         
          Emerging from the shadows behind him, Marcus holds a silenced-
          pistol, his leather-gloved hand steady.
                         
          A beat...

                         
                         
          ...and Marcus smiles, slipping the pistol back into his
          jacket.
                         

                    I owe you, John.
                         
          Marcus joins him at the rail.
                         
          John offers him a cigarette-
                         

                    Been awhile, Marcus.
                         
          -which Marcus accepts-
                         

                    Too long, I'd argue.
                         
          -leaning forward to ignite the tip from John's lighter.   He
          pulls back with a nod, squinting out into the night.
                         

                    Why'd you take the job then?
                         

                    Because if not for me, it would
                    have been someone who'd have just
                    now pulled the trigger and simply
                    walked away, leaving you to gasp
                    your last.
                         


                    Much appreciated, then.
                         

                    Besides, we're the last of our
                    kind; an endangered species of a
                    sort. And I find comfort in knowing
                    that there's someone like me still
                    out there.
                         

                        
                    What am I doing, Marcus? I mean...
                    it is just a... was a... dog,
                    but...
                         
          John runs a trembling hand through his hair.
                         

                    It's always "just" something, John.



                         

                    Just" a wife, "just" a son, "just"
                    a friend, "just" a house, "just" a
                    car... "just" a dog... or "just" a
                    cat. Each of these I've lost in no
                    particular order, and each time the
                    pain I felt was quite real. And my
                    chosen reciprocity to each was no
                    more -and no less- brutal than any
                    other.
                         

                        
                    This isn't like me.
                         

                        
                    Maybe not, but for the rare   man of
                    our ilk -those who survived   an
                    arguably unsurvivable life-   the few
                    things we find time to care   for...
                    pass long before we do...
                         
          A long silence...
                         
          ...and Marcus finishes his cigarette, tossing it out into the
          darkness.
                         

                    Good night, John.
                         

                    Good night, Marcus.
                         
          Marcus turns, and heads back into the train...
                         
          ...as John continues to stare out into the night.
                         
          A long beat... and he produces his cell phone, dialing a
          number.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A corner dive, popular, but its population is sparse this
          early in the morning.
                         
          A limousine pulls up to the curb.

                         
                         

                         
          Sipping coffee in a corner booth, John watches the front of
          the building...
                         
          ...lowering his mug as VIGGO -accompanied by two men- enter.
                         

                        
                    Wait in the car.
                         
          The two men exit as Viggo walks towards the booth, shedding
          his jacket as he does so.
                         
          Only one of John's hands is above the table, the other
          hovering beneath it, a pistol held tight, unwavering.
                         
          Viggo slips into the seat.
                         

                    Is that really necessary?
                         
          John answers by taking a sip of his coffee. Viggo shrugs
          with a frown, motioning towards the waitress as he flips over
          his mug.
                         

                    So be it.
                         

                        
                    Cream or sugar?
                         

                    No, thank you.
                         
          As she walks away, Viggo takes a long pull off of his drink.
                         

                    It's been what? 30 years?
                         

                    Yeah, that's about right.
                         

                    Left the game, got married, settled
                    down... I envy that.
                        
                    Kids?
                         

                    No.

                         
                         

                    Lucky bastard.
                         

                    We tried, but... wasn't in the
                    cards.
                         

                    I fucked a bartender and -ta dah!-
                    nine months later, I had me a piece
                    a' shit tossed on the old doorstep,
                    but... when it comes down to it...

                    He's still my son.
                         


                    I figured as much.
                         

                    Funny how one would both die and
                    kill for something they do not
                    love.
                         

                    Imagine what one would do if they
                    did.
                         
          Viggo nods, takes a sip of his coffee, and stands.
                         

                    Goodbye, John.
                         

                    Goodbye, Viggo.
                         
          Viggo leaves the diner, and slides into-
                         
                         

                         
          -where four of his men wait, each armed with a silenced,
          submachine gun: intimidating hardware.
                         
          Viggo closes the door, takes a deep breath, and sighs,
          rubbing his brow.
                         

                    Kill him.
                         


                         
                         
          A round slams into his window, barely missing him before
          hitting the man seated next to him in the side of the head,
          blood spattering against glass.
                         
          Viggo dives to the floor as his men prepare to return fire-
                         
                         

                         
          -but John is a crackshot, firing as he strides towards the

                         
                         

                         
          -killing two men and wounding a fourth who drops down next to
          Viggo, screaming.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          John ejects a spent clip, slaps in a fresh one in a blink,
          and unloads into the limousine which jerks forward, tires
          squealing as it drives off.
                         
                         

                         
          Viggo lies on his back, staring at the ceiling as he lights
          himself a cigarette.
                         

                    People don't change. Do they,
                    John?
                        

                         
                         

                         
          John slips the gun into the back of his pants, turns, and
          calmly walks away.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The train pulls up and begins to empty, crowding the
          platform.

                         
                         

                         
          John exits the train, stuffs his hands into his pockets, and
          seeks to disappear into the crowd...
                         
          ...as KIRILL and TWO GUNMEN spot him.
                         
          They move towards him...
                         
          ...following...
                         
          ...hands reaching beneath their jackets, fingers curling
          around triggers as silenced pistols are slipped free by
          steady hands.
                         

                     Babushka.
                         
          John slows his stride, hands out to his side, mind racing.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          With consciousness fading, John leans back upon the floor,
          listening to the voices of his assailants.
                         
          With his face hidden within his mask, Kirill chuckles -
          enjoying this- as he sucks on a fresh mint.
                         

                         
                     Then shit... let the fuckin'
                     babushka fade away and let's get
                     the fuck outta' here.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John tenses, his features hard.
                         
          Kirill grins, willing for John to give him reason to fire.
                         
          Suddenly, a frail commuter stumbles into their midst-
                         

                         
          -killing each with a single, silenced round to the heart.
                         
          Kirill is dead before he hits the ground.

                         
                         
          Amidst a growing sense of chaos, MARCUS shares a parting
          glance with John, slips the pistol in his pocket, smiles, and
          tips his hat down low over his eyes.
                         
          John returns the nod and disappears in the opposite
          direction.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John walks up to an old, FORD LTD sedan. He reaches up into
          a rear wheel well, and rips free a set of keys which had been
          duct-taped within.
                         
          He opens the trunk: we recognize the suitcases therein as
          his own. However, there is also a LARGE DUFFEL BAG as well
          which he opens, studies its contents, and -satisfied- zips
          shut.
                         
          He closes the trunk, opens the front door-
                         
                         

                         
          -slides inside, starts the engine-
                         
                         

                         
          -and drives off.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A number of the quaint old buildings share both English and
          Russian signs.
                         
                         

                         
          With his hands stuffed deep into his pockets, John exits an
          alleyway and ducks into-
                         
                         

                         
          -where he motions "one" to the waitress.

                         
                         
          She points towards a booth. He nods, sheds his jacket, takes
          a seat, and glances down at the menu.
                         
          Through the window, John studies the front facade of A BANK
          building.
                         

                         
          The BANK MANAGER -checking his watch- flips over the sign in
          the door from CLOSED to OPEN.
                         

                     What can I get you?
                         

                     Americano, please.    And a bear
                     claw.
                         

                     On it.
                         

                     Oh, and the bathroom?
                         

                     Down the hall to the left.
                         

                     Thanks.
                         
                         

                         
          Pulling on a pair of leather gloves, John walks down the
          hallway, but instead of turning left, he turns right-
                         
                         

                         
          -exiting the building.
                         
          He flips his jacket inside-out -from black to gray- and slips
          on a face mask.
                         
          Reaching down behind a trash can, he removes a TWO GALLON
          PLASTIC GAS TANK and a PISTOL before walking back down the
          alley, and out into-
                         
                         

                         
          -making a b-line for the Bank.

                         
                         
          As he walks across the street, traffic stops as onlookers
          gawk in horror.
                         
          John opens the door, and enters-
                         
                         

                         
          -firing two shots in the air.
                         


                         

                         
          Customers flee, secretaries scramble after them, as does the
          Bank Manager...
                         
          ...who slides to a halt, John's pistol staring down at him.
                         

                     Not you.
                         

                     But... why not... me?
                         

                     Take me to Viggo's stash.
                         

                     Wha... what?
                         

                     His stash. Personal Holdings.

                     Piggy "fucking" Bank.
                         

                     What?!?      I can't just-
                         

                         
          John fires four shots...
                         
          ...killing the two gunmen who appeared behind the Bank
          Manager.
                         

                         
                     This way.

                         
                         

                         
          The Bank Manager swings open the door, revealing two walls of
          safety-deposit boxes on either side...
                         
          ...with a large door in the rear of the vault leading into a
          secondary vault. A keypad is attached to its face replete
          with a fingerprint reader.
                         
          John presses the barrel of the gun to the back of the Bank
          Manager's head and forces him into the vault.
                         

                    Open it.
                         

                    I can't.
                         

                    Open it.
                         

                    He'll kill me!
                         

                    So will I.
                         
          The bank manager hesitates...
                         
          ...and then presses a thumb to the reader and types in a
          code.
                         
          A beat... and the door opens with a hiss.
                         

                    Now, p-
                         
          John pistol-whips the Bank Manager, knocking him out.
                         
          Without really looking inside-
                         
                         

                         
          -John tosses the plastic gas can into the secondary vault,
          and unloads the pistol...
                         
          ...into the gas can which explodes into flame, illuminating
          the space to reveal pallets of cash, smuggled artwork,
          jewels, and the like stashed therein.
                         
          John tosses the pistol inside, and walks away.

                         
                         
          As the fire grows, devouring the millions of dollars in
          liquid assets...
                         
                         

                         
          John casually walks across the street, ignoring the gawkers,
          and enters the alleyway.
                         
                         

                         
          The Bank Manager comes to with a groan, pulling himself up to
          his feet. His jaw draw drops -eyes wide- at the sight of the
          fire.
                         

                    ...fuck... me...
                         
                         

                         
          John tosses the gloves and mask into the trash, turns his
          jacket back out, slips it back on, and enters-
                         
                         

                         
          -walking down the hallway to enter-
                         
                         

                         
          -slipping into his seat as the Waitress arrives with his
          coffee and donut.
                         

                    Anything else?
                         

                    That'll do. Thank you.
                         
          John takes a deep breath, exhales...
                         
          ...and relaxes as across the street, the Bank Manager emerges
          from the building, and flees off down the street.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A beat... and the trio of intimidating sedans pull up to the
          curb.

                         
                         
          The gunmen in the rear and front vehicles emerge, studying
          their surroundings. A beat... and one of the gunman slaps a
          hand to the roof of the center car.
                         
          Proceeded -and preceded- by a bodyguard, Viggo emerges,
          stuffs his hands into his pockets, and marches into the bank
          as across the street...
                         
                         

                         
          ...John watches.
                         


                    No cops. That's new.
                         

                    We good, hon?
                         

                    Yeah.    Yeah, we're good. Thanks.
                         
          The waitress rips the receipt off of her pad-
                         

                    Anytime.
                         
          -and drops it on the table in front of him.
                         
          John stands, tosses a twenty down on top of it, turns, and
          leaves, snagging a toothpick at the cashier's booth before
          exiting.
                         
                         

                         
          As John walks, he reaches down behind a trash can...
                         
          ...and retrieves a LARGE BRIEFCASE.
                         
                         

                         
          Viggo stands in the center of the small room with his head
          down, prodding a smoldering Picasso with the tip of his foot.
                         

                        
                    Where's the manager?
                         
          The question is met by silence.

                         
                         

                        
                    I'd run, too.
                        
                    What a shame... what a fucking...

                    ...shame...
                         
          Viggo is trembling with rage, hands clenched at his sides,
          eyes unblinking.
                         

                        
                    Iosef... my son... is worth less
                    than this... far less... treasures
                    reduced to ash...
                        
                    ...ash...
                         
                         

                         
          With his head down -hands stuffed deep into his pockets, a
          cigarette smoldering between his lips- Viggo exits, slowly
          making his way towards his car.
                         
                         

                         
          Perched behind the wheel -the driver's side window missing-
          John shifts gears, slams his foot down onto the gas...
                         
          ...and narrows his eyes, tensing, his knuckles creaking from
          within leather gloves as his fingers constrict around the
          wheel of the stolen vehicle.
                         
                         

                         
          The gunmen react to the sound of the engine's roar, the two
          nearest it's approach dropping to a knee, aiming, and firing.
                         
          Bullets slam into the windshield -a round slashing into
          John's cheek, clipping his ear- and engine block before the
          front left tire blows.
                         
          John loses control of the truck which fishtails wildly,
          slamming into a sedan, crushing two gunmen before it
          cartwheels through their midst, killing three more before
          coming to a stop on its side.
                         
          A gunmen pushes Viggo towards the center sedan-

                         
                         

                        

                         
          -shoving him inside.
                         
          Three gunmen approach the truck, firing repeatedly.
                         
                         

                         
          Dazed, John -his face cut by glass, fresh wounds seeping hot
          blood- reaches over into the open briefcase, removing the
          silenced-UZI therein.
                         
          John shoots out the sunroof, dragging himself free of the
          vehicle as he ducks for cover.
                         
                         

                         
          As the Sedan peels out, John swiftly ejects the clip, selects
          another -wrapped in blue tape, these ARMOR-PIERCING BULLETS
          are dark gray, seemingly sharpened to a tip- from a clip
          belt, slaps it into weapon, drops to a knee and-
                         
          -as the Sedan drives past-
                         
          -depresses the trigger.
                         
                         

                         
          Bullets easily punch through the doors and windows, riddling
          the dash..
                         
          ...the passenger, the driver...
                         
          ...the seats...
                         
          ...one gunmen, Viggo, another gunmen...
                         
          ...and the seats.
                         
                         

                         
          The Sedan veers off, plummeting into the store front of a
          pharmacy.

                         
                         

                         
          John ejects the spent clip, selects another wrapped in blue
          tape, turns towards the fallen truck, and pulls the trigger.
                         
          The bullets punch through the roof, seats/floor, and
          undercarriage of the vehicle...
                         
          ...cutting the remaining gunmen to shreds on the sidewalk
          behind it.
                         
          The clip empties.
                         
          Silence.
                         
          John tosses the Uzi into the truck, turns, and walks towards
          the store front from which the rear half of a sedan
          protrudes, pausing to slip free a silenced-pistol from a dead
          man's hand.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters, glancing into the Sedan as he moves past: the
          gunmen are all dead, but Viggo is missing, a rear door open.
                         
          John rounds the corner...
                         
          ...to see a trail of blood.    He follows it...
                         
          ...to find Viggo dragging his broken body, his switchblade in
          one hand, his cellphone in the other. The knife is
          unceremoniously dropped as he struggles to dial 9... 1...
                         
          ...before the phone slips through his fingers, slick with
          blood.
                         

                         


                     ...no...
                         
          John stands over him, the pistol level.
                         
          As if sensing him, Viggo rolls over with a groan.
                         

                     Tell me, John... and please... be
                     honest... am I dying here?
                         
          John hesitates, squats, and retrieves Viggo's cell phone.

                         
                         

                    Unless I complete the call, then...
                    yes.
                         

                    For me to die like this...
                        


                    ...would be unfortunate.
                         
          Viggo is fading... fast.
                         

                    I was sending Iosef to a safe house
                    in Moscow. I arranged for
                    transport via... a grain ship...
                    out of Newark...
                         
          Viggo coughs, trembling.
                         

                    ...please...
                         
          John stands, dials an additional "1", and the send button...
                         
          ...but it is too late:   Viggo is dead.
                         
          John tosses the phone down onto Viggo's chest, slips the gun
          into the back of his pants, turns and as he walks towards the
          store front...
                         
          ...grabs a bottle of rubbing alcohol from the shelf,
          unscrewing the cap.
                         
                         

                         
          John dumps the bottle onto his head, gritting his teeth, as
          behind him...
                         
          ...the sedan EXPLODES behind him.
                         
          John does not react.
                         
          He tosses aside the bottle, stuffs his hands into his
          pockets, lowers his head, and walks on.
                         

                         
                         


                         
                         

                         
          David sits in a chair with his head down: his ankles, wrists,
          mouth, and eyes bound by duct tape. A weathered hand reaches
          over and RIPS the tape off of his eyes.
                         
          David winces out of pain and the brutal sensation of light.
                         

                    Housekeepin'll find ya'.
                         
          Dressed in a three-piece suit, Harry places an old -but
          gingerly cared for- hat upon his head, a ring upon his finger
          glistening, his watch an enviable antique.
                         

                    But son? You done a bit a'
                    business on the Continental
                    grounds...
                         
          Harry lifts his suitcase and turns heading for the door.
                         

                    ...and management, well...
                         
          Harry opens the door...
                         

                    ...they don't take kindly to that
                    sort a' thing.
                         
          ...and exits, leaving the door ajar.
                         
          David slumps in his seat; exhausted, broken, and defeated.
                         

                         
                         

                         

                         
          Day becomes night.
                         
                         

                         
          A bustling mecca of commerce, the port never sleeps; ships
          of all shapes and sizes dock, empty their shipment, refilled
          with return cargo, and slip out into the night.
                         
          A multi-hulled beast of a ship, THE CHAYKA  rests
          dock-side, its bridge guarded by a small army of security
          guards.

                         
                         
          Overhead, scattered throughout the cranes, are a half-dozen
          SNIPERS, searching/studying the dockyard.
                         
                         

                         
          Cellophane-wrapped pallets of WEAPONS and bales of CASH are
          carried by forklifts into the center of the hull and bolted
          to the floor.
                         
          Meanwhile, two dozen high-end, luxury cars enter the hull,
          each driven into its own reinforced, steel crate, the doors
          sealed shut behind them.
                         
          As the last WORKER leaves, he shouts into his walkie-talkie.
                         


                         
          Overhead, a large chute appears-
                         
                         

                         
          -and the OPERATOR presses a button, sending a seemingly
          endless stream of grain down into the hull, covering the
          smuggled goods.
                         
                         

                         
          Chewing on an unlit cigar, the CAPTAIN -60s, enormous,
          grizzled, salt-and-pepper beard, long, unkempt hair, dressed
          in denim and leather- studies paperwork at his desk while
          Iosef paces; a cigarette in one hand, a drink in the other.
                         

                    How the fuck long do I have to stay
                    down here?
                         

                    Until we are at sea, and even then,
                    your access up top will be limited.
                         
          The Captain's phone rings.   He answers it.
                         

                    Yes?
                         
          The Captain's face falls, his jaw clenched.
                         

                    I'll let him know. Proceed as
                    scheduled.

                         
                         
          The Captain hangs up, finds a match, sparks it to flame, and
          ignites the tip of his cigar, puffing it like an old steam
          engine.
                         

                    Your father...
                         


                    What about him?
                         

                    He is dead.
                         
          Iosef is stunned.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    I'm sorry.     He was k-
                         
          The Captain is cut off by the intercom which squawks to life,
          a screaming voice reduced to panicked static. The Captain
          slaps a hand down onto the call button.
                         

                    Come again?
                         

                    We're taking fire, sir!
                         
                         

                         
          A number of security guards lay dead upon the deck -bleeding
          out from single gunshot wounds- as the others sprint for
          cover. The Operator leans hard against the call button of
          the intercom.
                         

                    Someone's shooting at u-
                         
          A round slams into the side of the Operator's head, killing
          him instantly, his body sinking to the deck.
                         
                         

                         
          The Captain stands, checks the chamber of the LUGER PISTOL at
          his side, and heads for the door.
                         

                    Until you hear otherwise... stay.

                         
                         
          The Captain exits the cabin and slams the door behind him.
          Trembling, Iosef latches close the door...
                         
          ...and pours himself a tall drink.
                         
                         

                         
          A SNIPER searches the yard through his scope, his earpiece
          overwhelmed by panicked chatter.
                         

                    This is Alpha. I don't-
                         

                         
          Across the way, another sniper tumbles off his perch...
                         

                         
          ...as does another...
                         

                         
          ...and another...
                         

                    Where the fuck is he?
                         

                         
          ...and another...
                         
          The sniper searches, his skin wet with perspiration, hand
          trembling upon the stock.
                         

                         
          ...and another, screaming as he falls...
                         



                         
          The Sniper has found John...
                         

                    The old cannery. Southeast of my
                    position.
                         
          ...but it is too late.
                         


                         
                         

                         


                         

                         


                         

                         

                         
          His body goes limp...
                         
          ...and slides out of his perch, cart-wheeling down to the
          earth below.
                         
                         

                         
          EIGHT HEAVILY-ARMORED SUV's bear down on the old cannery
          building.
                         
                         

                         
          John shifts position, aims, and fires-
                         
                         

                         
          -but the round ricochets off the bulletproof window.
                         
                         

                         
          John ejects the clip, ejects a round, leans the weapon
          against the window, and sinks back into the darkness.
                         
                         

                         
          The parade of SUVs enter the cannery, their tires screeching
          to a stop as a swarm of highly-trained gunmen emerge,
          scattering throughout the building.
                         
                         

                         
          John pries open the doors of an old, wooden, elevator shaft:
          now an empty cavern disappearing down into darkness.

                         
                         

                         
          A pair of gunmen swiftly close in on John...
                         
                         

                         
          ...who takes a deep breath...
                         
          ...and jumps-
                         
          -bullets riddling the doors behind him-
                         
          -disappearing down into the darkness-
                         
                         

                         
          -his body SLAPPING against the water as he sinks like a
          stone.
                         
                         

                         
          A gunmen rounds a corner...
                         
          ...stepping over the empty duffel bag we last saw in John's
          trunk...
                         
          ...and freezes, his eyes wide.
                         
          HIS POV: A brick of C-4 is attached to one of the main
          support beams, the pale red light of the detonator glowing
          with ominous disdain.
                         
          He takes a step back, lowering his weapon, and glances
          about...
                         
          ...noticing for the first time the RED LIGHTS of a DOZEN OR
          MORE C-4 charges scattered throughout the interior.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Underwater, John lifts his hand...
                         
          ...to reveal a REMOTE DETONATER...
                         
          ...which he depresses with his thumb.

                         
                         

                         
          The gunman goes pale at the sight of all of those red
          lights... turning green.
                         
                         

                         
          A series of powerful explosion tear through the building,
          reducing it to splinters as it collapses in upon itself.
                         
                         

                         
          As debris begins to sink down all around him, John swims as
          hard as he can.
                         
          Surfacing when he is safe, gasping for breath.
                         
          Finding a ladder, John climbs upwards-
                         
                         

                         
          -emerging from behind an access panel.
                         
          John turns towards the ship and moves at a steady pace, eyes
          roving.
                         
                         

                         
          Surrounded by crewmen and security personnel, the Captain
          watches the explosion, his eyes wide.
                         

                        My... God.
                         

                        What do we do?
                         


                         

                         
          The sound of a pistol echoes up past them.
                         

                        Captain... he's coming.

                         
                         

                         
          With his pistol held in both hands -soaked to the bone- John
          strides towards the boat's entryway, dropping five guards
          with two perfectly-placed shots apiece.
                         
          He ejects the spent clips, slaps in a replacement, drops to a
          knee, and fires off six shots at the two gunmen as they round
          the corner, dead before they hit the ground.
                         
          John drops his pistol, retrieves a submachine gun off a dead
          guard, unfolds the stock, presses it to his shoulder, and
          enters the ship.
                         
                         

                         
          With a trembling hand, Iosef pours himself a drink, staring
          at the door...
                         
          ...from behind which is heard the sound of sheer,
          unadulterated chaos: gunfire, screams, and explosions.
                         
          Silence.
                         

                         

                     Open the door, goddammit!
                         
          Iosef drops his glass, and unlatches the door.
                         
          The Captain stumbles into the room, leaning heavy against his
          desk, pausing to take a swig of whisky, blood trickling down
          from his forehead, his left arm limp at his side.
                         
          The Captain reloads, reaches into his drawer, finds a snub-
          nosed .38, and tosses it to Iosef.
                         

                     Do you know how to use that?
                         

                     Yes, sir.
                         

                     Good. Follow me. And if you shoot
                     me in the back, I'll be the one to
                     fuckin' kill you.
                         
          The Captain swings open the door, and -with his pistol in
          both hands- enters-

                         
                         

                         
          -bodies lay everywhere.
                         
          Gunshots ring out.
                         
          A number of panicking crewmen flee the ship.
                         
          Iosef stays close to the Captain, his sweaty hands clinging
          to the pistol. As the Captain rounds the corner-
                         

                         
          -as he and John collide.
                         

                         
          ...as John looks past the Captain, his eyes locking onto
          Iosef...
                         
          ...who -panicking- raises his pistol, and FIRES-
                         

                         
          -hitting the Captain in the shoulder.
                         

                    You piece of shit, motherfucker!
                         
          Iosef turns and flees...
                         
          ...as the Captain and John disarm one another.
                         
          The Captain roars -in pain and anger- driving a fist into
          John's side, breaking ribs. He follows through with a wild
          left, but John avoids it, slapping it aside, the Captain's
          forward momentum sending his fist to SHATTER again the iron
          wall of his ship.
                         
          The Captain howls, wrapping his arms around John, crushing
          him...
                         
          ...and as consciousness begins to fade...
                         
          ...John's teeth close around the captain's nose, cleaving it
          from his face.
                         
          Stunned, the Captain releases John who kicks out his knee,
          moves behind him, wraps his arms around the wounded man's
          head, and SNAPS his neck.

                         
                         

                         
          Iosef emerges from the lower deck, firing back into the
          darkness as tears roll down his face.
                         
          A beat...
                         
          ...and John emerges, the very visage of death: his chest
          etched with bullet wounds, blood trickling down his face,
          wet, dirty, wounded, pale, and yet...
                         
          ...unstoppable.
                         
          John moves at a steady pace, the gun in his hand at his side,
          arm limp.
                         
          Iosef sprints towards the far end of the ship, and climbs up
          the ladder towards the pilothouse.
                         
          John follows.
                         
                         

                         
          Overlooking the entire ship's deck, the pilothouse offers
          little in the way of escape.
                         
          Instead, Iosef now finds himself trapped.
                         
          He searches the desk and finds a LETTER OPENER which he
          yields like a knife, turning...
                         
          ...as John enters the room.
                         
          Silence.
                         

                      Well, come on, muthafucka!   LET'S

                         
          A beat... and John raises the pistol, and fires off his last
          round, punching a hole in the glass.
                         
          Iosef grins, laughing as John drops his weapon.
                         

                      You missed, bitch!
                         

                      No.   I didn't.
                         
          John surges into Iosef...

                         
                         
          ...whose hand comes down with the letter opener. John
          catches his wrist, and snaps it as his right hand darts up,
          constricts around Iosef's jaw, cracking it in two...
                         
          ...lifting him from with the ground...
                         


                      For Moose.
                         
          ...and hurling him through the pane of glass which EXPLODES.
                         
          SCREAMING, Iosef tumbles end over end, his body slamming into
          chute from which grain continues to pour, the hull close to
          full.
                         
          Iosef cartwheels over it and lands half-in/half-out of the
          hull, SNAPPING his back, as around him...
                         
          ...grain piles higher...
                         
          ...as he sinks.
                         



                         
          While his legs remain on deck, his upper torso sinks
          slightly, the grain covering his face, muting his screams...
                         
          ...as he suffocates to death.
                         
                         

                         
          John stares down at him for a long moment, turns...
                         
          ...and leaves.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Silence as a soft snow begins to fall.
                         
          A beat...
                         
          ...and a sedan rounds the corner, takes it too wide, and
          crashes.

                         
                         

                         
          Perched behind the wheel with his head down, John groans,
          leaning back as snow wafts through the door's broken side
          window.
                         
                         

                         
          John pulls himself out of the vehicle, stumbles a few feet,

                         
                         

                         
          -leans heavy against the wall, and slides into a sitting
          position.
                         
          John Wick looks to be on death's very doorstep....
                         
          ...however...
                         
          ...death will not take him.
                         
          With an almost frustrated/irritated groan John pulls himself
          to his feet, and staggers down the alley.
                         
                         

                         
          Small, simple, and clean.
                         
          A beat... and an elbow is driven through the door's window.
          John reaches in, unlocks the door, opens it, enters, and
          closes it behind him.
                         
                         

                         
          John grabs an empty box and begins filling it with
          instruments, medication, bandages, and the like.
                         
                         

                         
          John enters to find an empty room...
                         
          ...save a single YOUNG DOG -a mutt of no distinguishable
          breed, three years old- who sits staring at him, offering
          little more than a tilt of its head.

                         
                         
          John strips and -using the hose attachment- rinses his body
          clean: the damage is extensive with cuts, bruises, and three
          bullet holes (one in his shoulder, one his side, and one in
          his chest).
                         
          John studies the bullet wounds.
                         


                    Through and through... through and
                    through...
                         
          However when he gets to the one in his chest-
                         

                    Buried deep.

                    Fuck.
                         
          John swallows a handful of pills, clenches his teeth, and -
          using a pair of needle nose pliers- reaches into the wound,
          searching...
                         
          ...until he finds the bullet which he pulls free.
                         
          John cleans the wounds with disinfectant, applies a number of
          pads/bandages, and studies himself in the mirror: he is a
          complete and total wreck... but alive.
                         
                         

                         
          Searching, John finds some surgical garb; thin pants and a
          shirt which he slips into.
                         
                         

                         
          John takes a jacket off of the rack, tries it on -too small-
          moves on to the second one, and it fits. John flicks off the
          light, and leaves the room. A long beat...
                         
          ...and John returns, turning the light back on. From across
          the room, he stares at the young dog, studying it.
                         
          The dog makes no sound, tilting it's head from side to side.
                         
          A beat... and John walks to the cage, removing the clipboard
          from its side, reading it: we can see that the dog is
          scheduled to be put down tomorrow.
                         

                    Miko, huh?

                         
                         
          Miko replies with a tilt of her head-
                         

                    That's quite the name.
                         
          -and a paw pressed to the side of the cage.
                         
          John smiles, places the clipboard on top of the cage, and
          opens its door.
                         
          Miko doesn't move.
                         

                    Are you coming or not?
                         
          A beat... and Miko leaps down onto the floor, tail wagging.
                         

                    That's what I thought.
                         
          John takes a leash off of the wall, and clips it to Miko's
          collar.
                         

                    Come on.   Let's go home.
                         
                         

                         
          John and Miko emerge from the Veterinarian's Office and walk
          out into the snow...
                         
          ...disappearing into the night.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          With his arm in a cast, DAVID makes his way through the
          kitchen, his expensive suit freshly pressed.
                         
                         

                         
          David enters dry storage, makes his way to the back, and
          walks down the staircase.

                         
                         

                         
          As he approaches the door, he searches his pocket for a gold
          coin, finding one. He slips it into the slit in the door. A
          long beat...
                         
          ...and down below, it clatters out into a small receptacle.
                         

                     Mr. Perkins...
                         
          ...over his shoulder, we see Winston emerge from the shadows
          behind him, a silenced-pistol held steady in his hand.
                         

                     ...your membership to the
                     Continental has been -by thine own
                     hand- revoked.
                         

                         

                         
          Silence.
                         
          The sound of a key slipped into an ignition.
                         
          It turns, the engine roaring to life, tires squealing.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The sleek, clean, black as night, 1969 Ford Mustang `Boss
          429' sprints down the tarmac as inside...
                         
                         

                         
          ...Miko holds her head out of the open window, her eyes
          narrowed, mouth open, and tongue flapping in the wind.
                         
          John smiles, reaches over, and scratches her on the back.
                         

                     Good girl, Miko... good girl.
                         
                         

                         
          The Mustang charges off into the distance.
                         

                          

