




                                      Screenplay by

                        Lawrence Wright, Menno Meyjes &amp; Edward Zwick


                                         Story by

                                     Lawrence Wright











               A coast road. Date palms. Burnt-out hulks that once were 
               Russian T-54 TANKS have long ago been left to rust in the 
               sun. A 4-door MERCEDES hurtles down the ancient road.


                         We're online for exactly two minutes.



               Of the same scene. A grainy IMAGE of the car, and some 
               distance away, a moving cluster of animals. They are:



               As seen at ground level. Two SHEPHERDS goad them forward. In 
               the distance, the MERCEDES approaches.



               U.S. Army medics and rescue workers frantically sift through 
               the rubble of a collapsed barracks.


                         "...the single worst casualty in the 
                         history of American military --"



               The Mercedes barrels down the road, doing at least 80 mph.



               Shows that the car is fast approaching the point where the 
               herd of sheep are about to cross the road.



               Amidst the rubble, the dead are zipped into body bags.


                         "-- the truck, carrying high 
                         explosives is believed to have hit 
                         the barracks --



               The driver of the Mercedes hits his horn but doesn't slow 
               down. In addition to the driver and a bodyguard, an OLD MAN 
               WITH A HENNAED BEARD, a turban, and sunglasses sits in back.



               As the Mercedes closes with the sheep:


                         Slow down.



               As if on command, the Mercedes finally slows as the sheep 
               move lazily across the road.



               President Clinton addresses reporters in the White House.


                         "To any lengths, anywhere in the 
                         world, to bring these people to 
                         justice."



               Inside the Mercedes, they watch as the Shepherd urinates and 
               the sheep mill about in the middle of the road. The driver 
               rolls down his window to scream in Arabic at:



               Who hurries to button his fly. It is only as we look closer 
               that we see the silenced muzzle of:



               Protruding from the sleeve of his jhallabah. And then:



               Fill the frame, blocking our view of the Mercedes, and for a 
               moment, all we can HEAR is their gentle bleating. But as 
               they clear frame, we can see that:



               Has been turned into an abattoir, its windshield shattered 
               and bloody. The driver slumps over the steering wheel, the 
               bodyguard is half out of the window. And in the distance:



               One Shepherd pulls a BLACK HOOD over the Sheik's head while 
               the other injects him with a HYPODERMIC. The first Shepherd 
               activates a SATCHEL CHARGE and swings it into the Mercedes 
               while the second straps the Sheik into a HARNESS... A BALLOON 
               self-inflates and hurtles aloft, pulling a cable attached to 
               the Sheik's harness.



               Its "Whiskers" in the nose of the aircraft snag the cable 
               without slowing and roars off, the Sheik dangling unconscious 
               beneath -- just as the satchel charges EXPLODE the Mercedes.



               Records impassively for a moment, then breaks up into static.


                         Gotcha.



               A pale, diminished Sheik sits at a steelcase table. A STEEL 
               COT and a STEEL TOILET. Closed-circuit cameras in the corner.

               Opposite him: the man, whose voice we have only heard: GENERAL 
               WILLIAM DEVEREAUX -- and though he wears a civilian suit, 
               his bearing betrays his pedigree. His considerable charm and 
               habitual skepticism are as much a product of self-discipline 
               as his close-order drill.


                         Nobody knows you're here. Not your 
                         people. Not even my President. You'll 
                         die here alone and be buried unknown -- 
                         barring some miracle.

               The SHEIK speaks a few words in Arabic.


                         -- God? GOD?
                              
                         What you eat. Whether you eat. Sleep. 
                         Pain. Absence of pain. I decide. I 
                         make the day and the night. Even the 
                         way you got here -- a hand that 
                         reached down from the sky?
                              
                         God? I am your new God.





               A MUEZZIN climbs a spiral staircase, enters a turret-like 
               room, CLICKS ON a microphone and CHANTS the call to prayer.


                         Allahuh Akbar...

               HUNDREDS OF BELIEVERS prostrate themselves on prayer rugs. 
               At the door, hundreds of SHOES are lined up, work boots, 
               expensive loafers, a range of social classes represented.



               Shopkeepers pause to kneel and pray. In Arab homes, parents 
               and children do the same. And as we PULL BACK from:



               Of the Mosque, we DISCOVER not an Arab city, but instead the 
               unmistakable skyline of:



               The World Trade Ctr, Wall Street, The Federal building.



               Two AGENTS hurry through the bullpen. TINA OSU, 32, sharp, 
               and FRANK HADDAD, Lebanese with an insouciant grin.


                         Brooklyn South issued a code blue 
                         less than two minutes ago. They think 
                         hostages are involved.


                         Black-and-whites on the scene?


                         Setting up a perimeter now.


                         Residence or business?


                         A bus.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Surrounded by a phalanx of Black-and-Whites.



               They have been joined by Anthony Hubbard, the ASAC.





                         On the way.


                         Negotiator?


                         Rolling.


                         Bomb squad?



               The BOMB SQUAD approaches. We SEE terrified PASSENGERS inside.




                         How soon can we get there --?


                         In this traffic, maybe tomorrow.



               As a police TECHIE inserts a dentist's mirror through a 
               drilled hole in the bus's door, the L.E.D. begins to BLINK 
               and the passengers SCREAM and dive for cover. An EXPLOSION.



               Frank is listening to a cell phone.


                         Oh, fuck. It just blew.



               The doors hang off their hinges. As the PASSENGERS tumble 
               off, we SEE they are covered in BLUE PAINT.




                         -- What?!


                         -- That's what they're telling me.


                         -- And nobody's hurt?

               Frank nods. Hubs closes his eyes in gratitude.


                         Thank God.





               They're listening to a tape-recording, altered by a VO-CORDER:


                         -- our first and last warning.

               As the MESSAGE continues, we PAN the faces: MIKE JOHANNSON, 
               squad supervisor, and DANNY SUSSMAN, representing NYPD.


                         We expect our demand to be met. There 
                         will be no negotiation. That is all.


                         Demand for what? You hear any demand?


                         You sure this is all they got?


                         That's it.


                         Maybe it's performance art.

               Sussman shoots him a look. Clearly Haddad enjoys pushing his 
               buttons. Finally, Hub stands up.


                         -- Okay. Blue paint. Voice-altering 
                         technology --


                         -- available from The Sharper Image 
                         catalogue.


                         Last I looked they weren't offering 
                         exploding paint bombs.


                         Still, the rhetoric sounds political. 
                         Militia?


                         Not their style.


                         Frank --?


                         Jihad isn't known for their sense of 
                         humor, and Hamas is raising so much 
                         money here, why queer their deal?


                         Anyway, isn't Green the color of 
                         Islam, not blue?


                         -- And, excuse me, but why do we 
                         immediately assume they're Arabs?


                         I want a composite of the suspects 
                         in circulation by the end of business 
                         today. Tina, you cross-check it 
                         against the mainframe. Mike, have 
                         you got the lab analysis on the paint?


                         Not yet...


                         -- See if any was sold in quantity 
                         the last month. Danny --

               Tina's phone buzzes. She picks it up as Hub keeps going:


                         -- find out what stop these guys got 
                         on the bus, maybe there's a witness.


                         Hub... I think we're all eager to 
                         give up our weekends on this. It 
                         just occurs to me, has anybody even 
                         committed a crime here? I mean, 
                         assault with a deadly color?

               Hub deals with Haddad's irreverence by ignoring it.


                         Here's what I don't like. They know 
                         explosives. They know our response 
                         time. They put in a call and walk.

               A young agent, FRED DARIUS, hands Hub a piece of paper:


                         Excuse me, sir. I think you should 
                         see this. Came in on the Fax.

               Only two words are written: "RELEASE HIM."


                         Release him? Him who? Who are we 
                         holding?


                         Marv Albert?


                         McVeigh? Sheik what's-his-name from 
                         the Trade Center.


                         -- Omar Abdel Rahman... asshole.


                         The Hamas guy got released in April.


                         Under protest.


                              
                         Why be coy about it?


                         You think it's phony?


                              
                         Hub, somebody's flashing a government 
                         badge over at the warehouse where 
                         they're working on the bus. Our tech 
                         guys want to know if we're cooperating 
                         with any other agencies on this thing.

               Off Hub's look, we:





               Hub and Haddad join AGENT FLOYD ROSE, a tall Black man.


                         -- She's looking for wiring signatures 
                         on the device and asking for copies 
                         of any latent prints we've managed 
                         to lift.


                         -- Agency?


                         Smells like it. Turns out she's also 
                         been talking to some of the 
                         passengers.



               In the klieg lights -- THE BUS. Men in white coats dust every 
               inch and generally behave as if investigating a crashed UFO. 
               In their midst, a young WOMAN, midwestern pretty in a serious 
               suit. She looks up as Hub enters.


                         Hi.


                         Hi, there.


                         Special Agent Anthony Hubbard. FBI.


                         Oh, shit, I've been trying to liaise 
                         with you all day. My name is Elise 
                         Kraft, National Security Council.

               She offers her hand. Hub doesn't take it yet.


                         -- And you've been trying to "liaise" 
                         with me all day? Did you think of 
                         trying the phone book, Elise? We 
                         have fourteen lines, that's not 
                         counting the unlisted ones.


                              
                         Hi, I'm Elise Kraft, National Security 
                         Council.

               Finally, he takes her hand. And doesn't let go.


                         And I'm Colin Powell. What exactly 
                         do you people want with my bus.

               She tries to take her hand away, but he tightens his grip.


                         We're all on the same team here, 
                         Agent Hubbard.


                         Who exactly is "we" on this particular 
                         team, Elise?


                         It's never the question that's 
                         indiscreet, only the answer.

               He smiles. She smiles back. Convinced she's charmed him.


                         Tell you what, you send me an official 
                         inter-agency request for cooperation 
                         on this and I'll give you copies of 
                         everything we come up with. Otherwise, 
                         get your ass on out of here before 
                         you contaminate my crime scene any 
                         more than you already have.


                         There's no reason to be nasty.


                         You think this is nasty?
                              
                         In case you haven't heard. The CIA 
                         has no charter to operate 
                         domestically. Which puts you in 
                         violation of federal law.


                         Not according to the Cooperation 
                         Agreement, Special Order 12333 -- I 
                         suggest you reread the paragraph on 
                         sharing information. I happen to be 
                         well within my authority.


                         Special Order 12333 refers to domestic 
                         terrorism. You got something you 
                         want to "share" with me?
                              (he waits... but no 
                              answer is forthcoming)
                         Us being teammates and all?


                              
                         Unfortunately, not yet. But as soon 
                         as I do, I'll --


                         -- get back to me, yeah, I know.
                              (takes the clipboard 
                              from her hands)
                         Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna 
                         have a couple my "teammates" here 
                         escort you back to wherever you came 
                         from. And then I'm gonna go back to 
                         the office and wait for that official 
                         cooperation request. Okay by you?


                         Swell.


                         Nice meeting you, Elise. Is that 
                         Elise with an "E" or an "A"?


                         Nice meeting you, too, Special Agent 
                         Hubbard.



               Hub watches as Elise is led away by two AGENTS. Agent Rose 
               stands nearby.


                         Tail her.



               In Frank Haddad's home. The Haddad's are celebrating the day 
               FRANK JR. has finished reading the Holy Koran.


                              
                         "In the Name of Allah, the beneficent, 
                         the merciful. Say: I seek refuge in 
                         the Lord of Men, the King of Men."

               Frank's TEACHER offers the final benediction. Those who are 
               Muslim cover their face with their palms.


                              
                         "Make me know that which I have become 
                         ignorant of; and make me recite it 
                         in the hours of the night and the 
                         day; and make it an argument for me 
                         O Thou Sustainer of all the worlds!" 
                         Ameen!


                         Ameen.

               Later --

               The guests mingle, eat pastries and drink sweet tea.


                         ...Nice, wasn't it?


                         Very.


                              
                         You ever gonna stop by, pick up your 
                         things?

               Nearby, Mike and Danny observe them.


                         -- He doing her?


                         Some detective you are. They stopped.


                         Really? I wonder if she likes white 
                         guys.


                         I wonder if she likes bald guys.

               Hub, meanwhile, congratulates Frank's wife, NAJIBA.


                         You must be so proud...


                         Small children, small worries. Big 
                         children --


                         -- big orthodontia bills. Someday, 
                         you'll understand.

               And then Frank notices Hub's DRIVER standing in the doorway.


                         Where we going?


                         You're staying with your family. I'm 
                         back in the morning.



               Sequence omitted from original script.

               Sequence omitted from original script. 



               Hub is looking at surveillance photos of Elise. Frank enters.


                         You sleep here?
                              (Hub smiles, but 
                              doesn't look up)
                         Immigration called.



               Hub and Frank watch a dark-skinned MAN being questioned by a 
               uniformed OFFICIAL. An INS Supervisor shows them a false-
               bottomed suitcase stuffed with money.


                         -- all in small bills. So we figure, 
                         smurf, right? Then I think, 
                         considering the gentleman's 
                         nationality, plus where he's been 
                         recently, we better call Frank.


                         -- who's trying to score points with 
                         his boss, bigtime.


                         Has he broken any laws?


                         No, sir. He's twenty bucks under the 
                         $10,000 limit.


                              
                         Not anymore.



               The official hopes volume breaks the language barrier.


                         ...so, Kahlil, you're saying this is 
                         an INHERITANCE? Somebody DIED and 
                         you're bringing them the MONEY?

               The dark-skinned man is trying to keep up:


                         No, no... dhouri.




                         ...He means, "dowry."


                         Check out his neck.

               Small puckered SCARS. The INS guy looks confused.


                         The tabac.
                              (mimics putting out a 
                              cigarette on his arm)
                         Sssssss... The territories.


                              
                         Put him in play.





               Hub and Frank in a rental CONTOUR, tail Khalil, in a cab:


                              
                         -- on the Van Wyck... No, not yet.
                              
                         -- What are we in?


                         A '97 Contour. On my Visa.
                              
                         Back home, the security services'd 
                         be up this guy's ass with a poker, 
                         but what do we do, we let him go.


                              
                         ...Six teams on the ground, at 
                         least... well, pull 'em off the UN...
                              
                         Stay back...


                         Not my first date, Hub.
                              (the TAXI changes 
                              lanes)
                         He's taking the BQE. Looks like it's 
                         Brooklyn.


                              
                         I want husbands and wives, I want 
                         baby carriages, and no Brooks 
                         Brothers.


                         You're micro-managing.


                              
                         -- And find me a judge I can work 
                         with. We want sound on this guy... 
                         damn'... I'm losing you...
                              
                         And bring us a radio.


                         I get reimbursed for this, right?





               The Third World. Teeming, roiling, Kinshasha meets Beirut 
               meets Tel Aviv meets Moscow. Hand-written shop signs in Arabic 
               and Hebrew, boom boxes throbbing out "Oum Khatoum," the latest 
               neo-Palestinian techno-rock.

               KHALIL pays the taxi driver and starts off on foot. Hub's 
               CONTOUR pulls over a safe distance behind and waits. An AGENT 
               passes by and slips a WALKIE-TALKIE through the open window.



               Falls in behind Khalil, who ducks into a storefront, where 
               WE CAN SEE him buying a Coca Cola and a Baby Ruth bar.




                              
                         Twelve bucks in Gaza.


                         America's the place to be if you're 
                         a terrorist.
                              
                         Fred's hovering. Patsy, take over...

               A WOMAN WITH A STROLLER replaces the man carrying groceries.


                         ...Tell her to watch out for 
                         reflections.


                              
                         I got the Judge.


                              
                         ...Good morning, Sir. How're things 
                         in the Second Circuit this morning...? 
                         ...I hear you... Listen, Judge, we're 
                         in a kind of situation here...

               KHALIL is on the move again.


                              
                         Hold on, will ya, Judge?
                              
                         Is he talking to somebody, who's he 
                         talking to? Are we getting film?



               An AGENT with a TELEPHOTO snaps a picture of Khalil, who has 
               paused to chat with a PALESTINIAN of patrician good-looks.


                              
                         -- Frank?


                         Don't know him. If we were allowed 
                         to get sound on them, we'd know him.

               The walkie-talkie CRACKLES TO LIFE, confirming the photos.


                              
                         ...What's that? No, Judge, not yet 
                         we're not... but we have reason to 
                         believe he may be involved with --
                              (covers the phone 
                              again; keys the radio)
                         Damnit Tommy!
                              
                         He's overacting! Tell him --
                              
                         Sorry, Judge... No... I just --


                         He's making him. Shit. Fuck. He's --

               Khalil has a sixth sense from a lifetime on the West Bank. 
               All of a sudden, he BREAKS INTO A RUN.


                              
                         Go, go, go!!! All units --

               He slams the car into gear and PEELS OUT into traffic.



               In various guises, break cover and SPRINT after Khalil, who 
               shifts into overdrive. Cars SCREECH to avoid flattening him.

               Hub's CONTOUR pulls into traffic and finds his way blocked 
               by a narrow passage between double-parked cars. He goes for 
               it, SCRAPING his way between them.


                         Christ!


                              
                         Judge, I'm gonna have to call you 
                         back...



               Into an open-air MARKET, KNOCKING DOWN veiled WOMEN with 
               bags of fruit and vegetables. He VAULTS over stalls.

               The CONTOUR scrapes PARKED CARS as it swerves into an alley, 
               desperately trying to cut off Khalil's escape route.


                         Shit --! I didn't take the insurance.

               A SOCCER BALL bounces into Hub's peripheral vision, followed 
               by TWO BOYS.



               To avoid killing the two boys. Hub gets out of the car and 
               continues the pursuit on foot. He's gaining on Khalil, when:



               Bears down on Khalil, its doors sliding open as TWO PAIRS OF 
               HANDS reach out and ANOTHER MAN appears out of nowhere and 
               BODYCHECKS Khalil into the van and jumps in after him.


                         What the --?

               The van BURNS RUBBER and DISAPPEARS into traffic.



               An impromptu huddle in the alley. AGENTS gather in a circle 
               as RADIOS SQUELCH and HELICOPTERS circle above.


                         They just found the van. Doesn't 
                         look like they're gonna find any 
                         prints.

               The Agent who took the pictures pulls a color xerox-type 
               PHOTO from a digital printer in his car. Hub looks at the 
               picture of Khalil and the good-looking Palestinian.


                         Run him down, bring him in.

               Fred hands a cell phone to Hub.


                         Floyd Rose.


                         Go, Floyd.

               As he listens, the first trace of a smile graces Hub's face.





               In an ordinary neighborhood. Hub sits in an UNMARKED CAR. 
               Agent Rose climbs into the front seat.


                         I've got two in the Plymouth, at 
                         least three inside, and see that guy 
                         walking his dog...? He did his 
                         business about an hour ago and they're 
                         still walking.




                         I had a dog like that once.


                         It's not his dog, numbnuts. They're 
                         spies.


                         The dog works for the CIA?

               Their radio CRACKLES to life. It's Hub.


                              
                         All units report in turn.

               We HEAR "Unit 1 is good to go," "Unit 2, we're ready to rock."


                         Let's roll.



               Is suddenly double-teamed by TWO AGENTS.


                         Federal Agents. Hands behind your 
                         back --

               A third AGENT throws his jacket over the dog.



               Fishtail across the quiet street, boxing in the Plymouth as 
               an AGENT from the sidewalk thrusts a 12-gauge Remington Pump 
               in through the driver's window.


                         -- Keep 'em where we can see 'em, 
                         thank you very much.



               Is BLOWN-IN by a specially-designed SHOTGUN. Two MEN, eating 
               take-out are surprised by Frank and Tina, their guns drawn.


                         Hi, guys, I expect you know the drill.

               Hub continues warily from one empty room to the next. A 
               stairway leads downstairs. As Hub starts cautiously down, 
               muted VOICES can be heard. Reaching the bottom, he sees:



               Sitting in a chair. Behind him stands one of FREELANCERS 
               from the warehouse. And opposite him, in a barca-lounger:

               ELISE KRAFT -- Somehow amidst the normalcy of the furnished 
               basement is a palpable feeling of menace.

               As Hub shows himself, one of the Freelancers points a Glock 
               .9 at his head. Hub just stares him down.


                         Ralph, spare us.

               The freelancer lowers the gun. Hub looks at Khalil, whose 
               face is badly bruised.


                         I never touched him.


                         Really? I'm taking him into custody 
                         just the same.


                         What are you going to charge him 
                         with? Jaywalking?
                              
                         I don't suppose we could just have a 
                         little chat with him here first?


                         Not in this lifetime.


                         You know, Hub... may I call you Hub? 
                         If you guys hadn't blown the 
                         surveillance, we'd have been able to 
                         follow the money. What do you think, 
                         Khalil, you would have led us right 
                         to your friends, wouldn't you?

               Khalil averts his eyes from any contact with her.


                         What friends --? What have you got 
                         for me, Elise?... Enlighten me.
                              
                         Tell me now or tell me downtown.

               Still nothing. Hub calls out to his agents.


                         Get this guy out of here and book 
                         him.

               As the other agents approach Khalil:


                         One phone call and he's mine again. 
                         You know the number. I have --


                         You have "the right to remain silent," 
                         you have "the right to an attorney. 
                         Anything you say can and will be 
                         held against you in a court of law --



                              
                         Oh, come on... Do you have any idea 
                         what you're starting here, the kind 
                         of shitstorm you're about to --


                              
                         -- Kidnapping. Obstruction of Justice. 
                         Assault.

               As he heads out of the room, he says to a waiting Agent.


                         Cuff her.





               Elise sits, handcuffed, alone in the back seat. Up front, 
               Frank is driving with Hub beside him.


                         So, Elise... You okay back there, 
                         you don't get carsick or anything? 
                         Those handcuffs too tight --?


                         Shouf mountains, right? Shiite or 
                         Sunni?


                         Wow. You're really good.
                              
                         She's really good.


                         You ready to tell us what's going on 
                         here, Elise --? Was the paintbomb a 
                         warning?


                              
                         American University of Beirut? I was 
                         there from '79 to 82.


                              
                         No shit?


                         My father taught Economics. Henry 
                         Kraft?


                         Is there a terrorist cell operating 
                         in this city that we are unaware of?


                              (ignoring him; to 
                              Haddad)
                         Such a tragedy. Growing up in that 
                         city was... paradise. Like an exotic 
                         Paris, wasn't it, Frank --?


                         You ever been in Rikers, Elise? You 
                         know what happens in there?

               Elise looks at him, utterly unfazed by the threat.


                         ...Yum.

               Frank's BEEPER goes off. As they look at one another, we:





               Red lights flashing, have sealed off a Brooklyn Street. On 
               the rooftops SWAT teams are already deploying.

               SHARPSHOOTERS politely insinuate themselves into the 
               surrounding family APARTMENTS and take up firing POSITIONS.



               Stands alone in the middle of the street. Through a Marksman's 
               SCOPE we SEE the terrified passengers forced to stand, catch 
               glimpses of the TERRORISTS, obscured by the hostages.

               Hub confers with the NYPD officer-in-charge.


                         -- definitely Arab-types, only this 
                         time they're still in there...


                         Any communication at all?


                         Nope. It's weird they're just in 
                         there.


                         Get the frequency of the driver's 
                         radio and patch it through to this 
                         number. We need two lines. Frank, 
                         get a negotiator out here.


                         Sir, they've got kids in there. We 
                         count six.

               This rocks Hub for a moment but he covers it well.


                         That gives us something to work with.



               Elise leans forward as Hub opens the driver's door.


                         What's happening out there...

               Hub takes off his jacket, folds it carefully on the seat.


                         They've taken another bus, haven't 
                         they? Talk to me...


                         Oh, now you want to talk. You want 
                         to be my friend, is that it?


                         Listen, these guys are the real deal.


                         How do you know?

               She just looks at him.


                         Is there a terrorist cell operating 
                         in Brooklyn?


                              
                         Yes.


                         Was the blue paint a warning?


                         Yes. And I'm afraid this time they'll 
                         blow the bus.


                         If they wanted to blow the bus then 
                         why haven't they blown the bus --?


                         I... don't know.

               He starts away.


                         Agent Hubbard. Please. Maybe I can 
                         help.



               Has been hastily improvised behind a SWAT van.


                         The driver's name is Larry Kaiser. 
                         He says they've got explosives 
                         strapped to their chests, they got 
                         automatic weapons, and they're 
                         speaking Arabic.


                         Where the hell's the negotiator?


                         Tunnel's got twenty minute delays 
                         and they're working on both bridges.


                              
                         What else did he say about the device? 
                         Did he describe it at all? Anything 
                         about a button, or a cord, or...



               Pulls up and raises its satellite dish.


                              
                         Oh, God.

               Frank turns to look at her. She is suddenly pale.


                              
                         ...They're not here to negotiate.


                         Meaning?


                         They were waiting for the cameras.

               Hub is deep in conversation with the cops. Frank interrupts.


                         -- Hub...

               Hub looks up. Frank nods for Elise to repeat what she said.


                         They're want the newsies here. They 
                         want everybody watching.

               Hub and Frank look at each other. Can this be true?


                         You've got the shooters in place?


                         -- So?


                         Use 'em.


                         What?


                         Kill 'em now.

               They just look at her.


                         It's lose-lose any way you play it... 
                         Do you want to lose little or lose 
                         big?

               The NYPD officer has been listening:


                         I got the marksmen on the com -- 
                         They're looking for a clean shot.

               As the Policeman waits for a response on his radio, two more 
               NEWS VANS pull up. The MEDIA CIRCUS has come to town: 
               reporters breathlessly offer their live, on-the-scene reports. 
               Hub and Elise stare at one another.


                         Shooter says they've got the 
                         passengers all standing in the aisles. 
                         He says, no go.

               Hub can see the dread in Elise's eyes. As the seconds tick 
               away, TWO NEWS HELICOPTER jockey for position above.


                              
                         We have rules of engagement we're 
                         gonna follow here, folks, so put the 
                         safeties back on your weapons.
                              
                         Nobody's killing anybody until we 
                         see what's what.

               He grabs the phone.


                              
                         Larry, this is Agent Hubbard of the 
                         FBI, I'll be negotiating our way out 
                         of this. Let me talk to one of them... 
                         I know... I know. You just hang in 
                         there, Larry... No, don't worry, 
                         I've got somebody here who can 
                         translate.

               He looks over at Frank, who's listening on another cell.


                              
                         Sir, -- My name is Anthony Hubbard. 
                         I don't have any authority to make 
                         deals, or respond to demands. I just 
                         want to find out if you need anything 
                         in there? If any of the passengers 
                         are in need of medical attention?

               He waits as Frank translates. Hub covers the mouthpiece.


                         -- Frank?


                         I don't know if they understand.


                              
                         Sir, is there anything you want to 
                         say to me? That I can tell my people 
                         here?


                         The guy's just breathing into the 
                         phone, maybe they're not even Arabs.


                              
                         I get the feeling you don't want to 
                         talk, but will you listen --? 
                         ...Whatever grievance you have, 
                         whatever quarrel -- surely it doesn't 
                         involve these children --

               Still no response.


                              
                         So I'm gonna ask you to... please... 
                         let... the... children go.

               No response -- then suddenly, the bus doors HISS OPEN

               And six bewildered, ashen-faced CHILDREN step out before the 
               doors HISS closed behind them. As Hub and a couple of the 
               cops hurry out from behind the barricades to help the children 
               cross the NO-MAN'S LAND to safety, a smattering of APPLAUSE 
               breaks out among the cops. Elise tries to hold back tears.


                         Okay, here we go...


                              
                         Thank you, sir. I appreciate that 
                         gesture, I really do. The best way 
                         to get what you want in these 
                         situations is to show yourself to be 
                         reasonable. As you've just done.
                              
                         Now we've got some more to talk 
                         about...

               Elise watches as the news cameras zoom in.


                              
                         I am unarmed, as you can see. So I 
                         propose... You let the rest of the 
                         passengers go, and I take their 
                         place... That way, there's no pizza 
                         deliveries or bathroom breaks to 
                         worry about -- and all these --
                              
                         -- people... will disappear.

               Frank shakes his head, don't do this. Hub's look says 
               translate it. Frank does it. They all wait.


                              
                         I'm gonna take your silence to mean 
                         you're considering my offer --

               Elise looks at Frank, she can't help but admire his bravery.


                         How about we just start with a few 
                         of the elderly people you got on 
                         there. It's got to be hard for the 
                         older folks to be standing all this 
                         time.

               Hub looks back at Frank. Still no response.

               AND THEN THE BUS DOORS HISS OPEN AGAIN. A few elderly 
               PASSENGERS start down the steps.


                              
                         Thank you, sir. Now let's just let 
                         these --



               Hurls Hub backwards as:



               To be replaced by a high-end, almost electronic WHITE NOISE.



               Imbeds itself into car doors, bus benches, doorways as every 
               WINDOW in a three-block radius is SHATTERED...



               Replaces blue paint in a horrific shower.



               Fights for consciousness.



               Rush to his side to see if he is alright -- but WE CANNOT 
               HEAR them. Though their mouths move it is only the WHITE 
               NOISE that overwhelms us -- as we realize that Hub has been 
               momentarily DEAFENED by the blast.

               When at last Hub manages to speak, his words are MUFFLED and 
               INDISTINCT -- as if the playback heads of a tape recorder 
               needed to be cleaned.


                         I'm... alright. I'm --

               Frank Haddad bends down close and we can lip-read him saying, 
               "Just hang in there, buddy. . ."


                         -- okay... Just let me --

               And then he leans over to VOMIT in the street.



               Slowly bleeds in through the white noise -- mercifully for 
               us, and for Hub, who wipes his mouth and looks up, realizing 
               that his HEARING is coming back. He reaches for Frank's 
               outstretched hand and stands, albeit woozily.


                         Is anybody --

               But the look in Frank's eyes says it all.



               Is numbing. IMAGES we associate with other countries. And 
               then he sees Elise. Her face is cut and bleeding, but as 
               their eyes meet, her look is one of absolute compassion.





               Crowded into the now-overflowing BULLPEN. In absolute denial 
               of his physical condition, Hub paces like a caged animal.


                         -- every trap, every hole. I want to 
                         rumble every mosque, every community 
                         center, every student organization 
                         that's ever said an unkind word. I 
                         want the heat turned up under all 
                         our assets, all our informers, every 
                         snitch gets twisted inside out. And 
                         put some money out on the street -- 
                         Arab community hates these people as 
                         much as we do. They'll help.
                              
                         Have you got positive ID on --


                         Hub, we don't have positive ID on 
                         anybody.


                         We need more hands. Fred --


                         I'm on it.

               He picks up a phone and begins requesting Agent transfers.


                         I want to talk to Khalil.


                         He's down the hall.

               Now she picks up a phone and adds to the cacophony.


                         -- Conferences with DC at 9:00, 12:00, 
                         4:00 and 9:00. Call your families, 
                         find a sleeping bag, nobody leaves 
                         this office until we have a strand 
                         to pull. Oklahoma City, people. The 
                         first twenty-four hours are the only 
                         twenty-four hours.. And I don't want 
                         to see anybody walking.



               Hub and Frank watch Khalil through a VIDEO MONITOR. The 
               bruises on Khalil's face have deepened.


                         Doctor seen him?


                         He's on his way up.


                         Got a cigarette --?


                         You don't smoke.

               Hub pockets the pack of cigarettes and walks into:



               Frank hangs back in the doorway. Hub pulls up a chair, turns 
               it backwards, and sits down very close to Khalil.


                         Ten thousand dollars.

               Frank translates. Khalil pretends not to understand.


                         Khalil. I want to talk about the 
                         money.

               Again Frank translates. And again, Khalil looks blank.


                         Okay...

               Hub reaches into his pocket and casually takes out the pack 
               of cigarettes. Khalil's eyes widen. Hub smiles at him. At 
               the SOUND of the match lighting, SWEAT begins to bead on 
               Khalil's forehead. Hub takes his time LIGHTING the cigarette -- 
               drawing deep so the tip turns bright red. Khalil unconsciously 
               RECOILS in his chair.


                              
                         Doesn't like second hand smoke.

               Hub turns back to Khalil, casually gesturing with his 
               cigarette. Khalil almost jumps out of his skin.


                         You ready to talk about money?

               Frank hasn't even begun to translate before Khalil begins 
               SPEED-RAPPING in Arabic.


                              
                         ...He says he loves America and only 
                         wanted to get away from the security 
                         services at home.

               Tears stream down Khalil's face. He kneels at Hub's feet.


                              
                         ...He says he's sorry but he didn't 
                         know he was doing something bad. His 
                         cousin introduced him to a man who 
                         promised him two hundred dollars for 
                         his dowry if he'd bring the suitcase 
                         to an address in Brooklyn.
                              
                         He's a cut-out.



               Hub hands Tina back the pack of cigarettes.


                         Nasty habit.
                              
                         3830 Flatbush Avenue.



               Bursts into an empty apartment. On the floor, a fax machine 
               continuously sending the message: "RELEASE HIM."




                         We want every rental agreement from 
                         every landlord in Brooklyn. Hotels, 
                         motels, flophouses...
                              
                         It's cash, guys. They're the only 
                         ones in America using cash.



               The room is dark. A TECHNICIAN operates an overhead PROJECTOR.


                         This is a spectograph of the semtex 
                         used in the bomb. Look at the benzene 
                         spike. This is the genuine article.
                              
                         Now... this one's from the barracks 
                         in Dhahran. As you can see, the 
                         signature is identical.



               A COMPUTER TECHIE  is cross-referencing data. DIGITAL 
               PICTURES of suspected terrorists scroll past. A surveillance 
               PHOTO of Ahmed bin Talal. The ruined army barracks.


                         -- ask it if they've ever hit buses?

               The techie types in a few commands: IMAGES of destroyed BUSES 
               file past. Tel Aviv. Jerusalem. Beirut. None a match.


                         -- not according to the mainframe.



               The BOMB SCENE now resembles an archeological dig. Floodlights 
               on stanchions. Forensic EXPERTS, on their hands and knees, 
               use BLACK LIGHT and brushes to search for latent prints. 
               Different color STRING divides the site into a grid.


                         -- with a Q-tip. Bone shards, hair, 
                         fingernails --

               Nearby, Danny and Mike observe Hub's intensity.


                         -- He's way over his head.


                         Shut the fuck up and go give somebody 
                         a parking ticket.



               In THE LAB. A FINGERPRINT EXPERT sifts through a plastic bag 
               of fingertips and teeth. Scans each into a computer.


                         Not yet.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Hub is STARING AT THE TV SETS which are all REPLAYING the 
               terrible incident, over and over again.


                         "-- Today; Tel Aviv has come to 
                         Brooklyn. The question... is why."

               Finally, he turns away so no one will see. His eyes are hot 
               with the emotion.


                         You okay?

               The Fingerprint techie races in, sparing Hub a response.


                         Got one!



               Hub and Tina address twenty agents.


                         Ladies and Gentlemen, meet the late 
                         Ali Waziri.

               He projects a PHOTO of the dead Terrorist onto the wall.


                         Tina talked to the Israelis and traced 
                         this sucker to a group operating out 
                         of Ramallah. That's the West Bank, 
                         not the West Side for those of you 
                         just joining us from Nebraska.

               A few appreciative CHUCKLES. They're all exhausted. This is 
               the first good news in a bitch of a day.


                         Okay, we've pulled his landing card 
                         and his I-94. So now we know he came 
                         in three days ago, out of Frankfurt --

               She points to where: A TIME-LINE has been created out of 
               colored strips beneath a bank of silent TV monitors.


                         What we need now is to fill in the 
                         time between his arrival and the 
                         incident. All known associations, 
                         and most of all, we need an address.



               The TIME-LINE is progressing. PHONE TECHNICIANS add tie-lines, 
               dedicated fax lines, wats lines and scrambled lines. Cable 
               everywhere. Danny and Frank pore over Ali Waziri's I-94.


                         IAP66. What's IAP66?


                         Hold on, hold on, I'm looking it up --


                         -- Today, Danny...


                         Wait, wait -- Here we go. Student 
                         Visa, J-1.

               Hub has been pacing, nearby.


                         Where's the original --?


                         In his passport.


                         Which is... vaporized.


                         Where's the copy?


                         At the point of issuance. Could be 
                         the American Consulate in Tel Aviv. 
                         The American Consulate in Amman, 
                         Cairo, Alexandria, Riyadh -- all an 
                         easy drive from the West Bank --

               Hub suddenly had to fight off a wave of nausea and dizziness.


                         What time is it --?


                         Three-fifteen. P.M.
                              
                         When's the last time you ate?

               Fred Darius, the young agent, appears.


                         Sir. They want you in the lab.



               Hub peers through the eyepiece at a MAGNIFIED STRAND of fiber.


                         Pure, unadulterated, Egyptian cotton.


                         You're saying they're Egyptian?


                         No. No... I'm just saying -- See...


                         -- It's what they use for funerals. 
                         The guy was wearing a shroud.

               He looks at Frank. It's just as Elise said. The real deal.


                         Let's see if she's ready to talk.



               Elise sits quietly with the stillness of those who have been 
               there before. Hub enters.


                         I thought one phone call and you 
                         were out of here.


                         I didn't make the call.


                         Why not?

               She just looks at him, entirely neutral.


                         Are you alright --?


                         Just some tinnitus in my left ear --

               They look across the professional chasm that divides them.


                         I need to know what I don't know.


                         Life's too short.

               But there's a hint of some thawing in her tone.


                         You hungry?


                         We ordering in --?



               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Hub and Elise sit, eating corned beef sandwiches.


                         -- The funeral shroud is the final 
                         step in the ritual of self-
                         purification. First a fast, then --


                         -- the washing of the body, then the 
                         shroud. I saw it on Sixty Minutes. 
                         Tell me something I don't know.

               She pauses, always gauging how much to reveal. And when.


                         ...Last March in Iraq, we identified 
                         the man we believe responsible for 
                         bombing the army barracks last year. 
                         In August, he went to Lebanon. Where 
                         he was... extracted.


                         Extracted? Extracted by whom?
                              (she just looks at 
                              him)
                         I see.


                         His name is Sheik Ahmed bin Talal. 
                         He's Iraqi. And something of a 
                         religious leader.


                         With something of a devoted following?
                              
                         ...Okay, I can understand why we 
                         might not want to publicize the fact 
                         that our government's in the 
                         kidnapping business, but why not 
                         tell us?


                         He's still being... debriefed. They're 
                         not ready to go public with charges.


                         What else you got on his followers.


                         Clearly, they're committed.


                         Meaning?


                         In this game, the most committed 
                         wins.


                         So they'll just keep coming until we 
                         release him.


                         Unless we match their commitment 
                         with our own.


                         What about talking to this sheik?


                         You don't think they've got guys 
                         talking to the sheik? Except the 
                         sheik isn't talking.


                         So who's giving the orders? How do 
                         they coordinate, pick their targets?


                         Believe me, we've put every resource 
                         we've got onto that very question.
                              
                         Otherwise... we wait.


                         We wait.

               She looks at him. For one brief moment the mask drops away.


                         If there's anybody on earth who knows 
                         how you feel, it's me. But you've 
                         got to let it go. Those people were 
                         dead the minute they got on the bus.

               Frank Haddad appears, making his way toward their table.


                         Sorry, boss. Hello, Elise. Mmmm, is 
                         that pastrami?
                              (tastes it; then with 
                              his mouth full)
                         Oh, yeah, we made the guy in the 
                         picture.

               Sequence omitted from original script.





               Where Students sit inside and SMOKE, then SMOKE some more.


                         My people. The last of the 
                         unambivalent smokers.
                              
                         Monsters. The toughest motherfucker 
                         in Bed-Stuy is a muffin compared to 
                         some of these guys.

               They watch as SAMIR gets his bill from the waiter.


                         His name's Samir Nazhde. Teaches 
                         Arab Studies at Brooklyn College. He 
                         sponsored Ail Waziri's student visa. 
                         And dig this -- his brother blew up 
                         a movie theatre in Tel Aviv.


                         You might consider leaving him alone.


                         Why would I consider doing that --?

               In the cafe, Samir counts cash to leave on the table.


                         Play him like a cop and haul him in 
                         now and get your arrest, or tag him 
                         and let him lead you to the really 
                         big fish.


                              
                         You're fishing and he's getting visas 
                         for bombers.


                         You ever heard of catch and release?


                         Yes, and he's on the next plane for 
                         Tunis.

               Hub looks at Elise. Samir is leaving -- it's now or never.


                         Take him down.


                              
                         Go.

               THREE AGENTS brace Samir politely but firmly, and lead him 
               to their car. Samir slides into the back seat next to Elise. 
               In the REARVIEW MIRROR, Hub watches as a look seems to pass 
               between them. Then again, it may not have happened.


                         Samir Nazhde, my name is Frank Haddad, 
                         I'm a Federal Agent. We have reason 
                         to believe you are an accessory to 
                         the bombing of Bus 87.


                         Are you crazy --?


                         You are an associate of Ali Waziri.


                         Who? I know no one by that name.

               Elise is looking out the window, seemingly oblivious.


                         You got him a student visa.


                         I sign these applications as a matter 
                         of course, hundreds of them. Everyone 
                         wants to come to the land of 
                         opportunity and Baywatch.

               Elise tries to keep a smile off her face. Hub clocks this.


                         You spent two years in Israeli jails 
                         during the Intifada.


                         The only ones who didn't were women 
                         like you.

               Frank BACKHANDS him across the mouth. Samir says something 
               in Arabic to Frank, who responds in kind.


                         Frank --


                         Sorry. Family matter.
                              
                         You're going downtown, my friend.


                         You cannot hold me. I know my rights. 
                         I watch American television.


                         Defrauding the INS is a Federal 
                         Offense.
                              (hands Samir to waiting 
                              agents)
                         Reservation for one, please.





               They enter the BULLPEN. It's well past midnight. People are 
               sacked-out in sleeping bags while others continue working.


                         Club Fed.

               Frank leans over Danny Sussman, who has fallen asleep, face 
               down on his desk, and sings in a lovely brogue:


                              
                         "Oh, Danny-boy, the perps, the perps, 
                         are call-ing...
                              
                         We need a search warrant on Samir...


                         Frank, c'mere a sec. I want to show 
                         you something.

               He leads Frank into another CUBICLE. Perched on nearby desk, 
               Elise is dialing a phone, she stops to watch them:


                              
                         Frank, you ever hit a prisoner again 
                         I'll have your badge.


                         -- Someday I will tell you what those 
                         people did to my village in '71.

               Hub waits for him to calm down.


                              
                         Okay. But right now, act as if I'm 
                         capable of saying something funny... 
                         Now, let's go see about that warrant.

               As they walk back, Hub says to Danny:


                         Find me a Judge who'll play ball 
                         this time. And set up a polygraph 
                         for Samir.


                         I still don't understand why we're 
                         tipping our hand with him --


                         What's there to tip?


                         You're just trying to protect your 
                         asset.
                              
                         Aren't you, Elise --? He's your Joe, 
                         your asset. He's working for you, 
                         you're his case officer -- right?

               How should she respond? How thin should she slice it?


                         ...Sometimes... in addition to being 
                         a nationality, being a Palestinian 
                         is also a... profession. A lucrative 
                         one.


                         Meaning, he's your Joe.


                         Mine. Yours. The Israelis. The Saudis. 
                         At one time or another, everybody in 
                         the Middle East has slept with 
                         everybody else.


                         So you're saying... you sleep around?


                         Only professionally.


                         So we share him.


                         No.


                              
                         -- Call INS, find out his status and 
                         start deportation proceedings.


                         I can't let you do that.


                         Oh, you can't let me do that. What 
                         precisely is your involvement with 
                         these people.


                              
                         Samir's been a very important... 
                         project of mine for some time... I'm 
                         the only one he'll deal with. He's 
                         very well-connected -- and extremely 
                         high-strung.


                         ...Call the judge.


                              
                         How easy is it to get inside, Frank? 
                         How good are your sources in the 
                         mosques? How many people you got in 
                         Hamas --?

               Franks shakes his head, ruefully. She's right.


                         No surveillance. I've seen your deft 
                         touch.


                         Daily reports. We tap his phone.


                         And I get to see the transcripts.


                         Fair enough.


                         And I run him.


                         We share him.


                         He can't know we're talking.


                         Then don't tell him.


                         Done.


                              
                         Let him fly.
                              
                         But we better start seeing product.

               She nods. A deal. For now.


                         Any more surprises for me?


                         Not tonight.


                         Then I'm going home to get some 
                         things.


                         I'll have somebody drive you.


                         I'll grab a cab.

               And he's gone. Frank turns to Elise:


                         Elise. I'm really high strung, too.

               She just smiles and walks away.



               Not many people around. Hub stands on the corner. A TAXI 
               cruises up. On duty. Available. He slows long enough to see 
               that Hub is black and passes right by.



               The taxi driver stops just long enough for Hub to slam his 
               SHIELD on the windshield.



               Hub sits in back, hurtling into the night. The driver's ID 
               identifies him as ABDUL HASSAM. Hub shakes his head.



               As the hot SPRAY hits him, he runs his hands through his 
               hair and feels the BITS OF SHATTERED GLASS. Dried blood runs 
               off in rivulets from his hands. Not his own. He leans against 
               the shower wall, closes his eyes.





               We are in her apartment. Samir looms over her.


                         You let him HIT ME --!! You cannot 
                         care about me and let such things 
                         happen!


                         Next time don't be such a smart ass --


                         Sometimes I hate you just because 
                         you are so American. It makes me 
                         want to hurt you. I think about 
                         fucking you and hurting you.

               Elise can taste the blood in her mouth -- but it's the price 
               she's come to accept. In a heartbeat, it's all business.


                         -- You want to fuck me? Then work 
                         with me.


                         Don't tell me what I have to do.


                         No? Do we really want to have this 
                         conversation again? Do we --?

               Something quietly ominous in her tone. He lowers his eyes. 
               And like a sailboat, Elise changes tack. Strokes his arm.


                         I need you to help me. I need you to 
                         be strong. As you have always been 
                         strong. For both of us. -- Samir? 
                         Look at me...



               He's fallen asleep in a chair. In his lap is a pile of visa 
               applications. His BEEPER goes off. He rouses himself.



               Sex without any shred of tenderness. As Samir kisses the 
               back of her neck, we SEE in her eyes the thousand-yard stare.



               In the doorway of an apartment building, Frank hands Hub a 
               styrofoam cup of coffee. It's a ritual between them.




                         -- Some people just cannot live in 
                         the camps. For my brother, it was 
                         already like dying. The only thing 
                         he lives for is movies.

               He sits up in bed, reaching for another cigarette.


                         -- And then some sheik tells him 
                         that, to die for Allah is beautiful. 
                         If he does this thing, our parents 
                         will be taken care of, and he will 
                         live on in Paradise with seventy 
                         virgins. Seventy.
                              
                         And my brother, he needs to believe 
                         it very much, so he straps ten sticks 
                         of dynamite to his chest and goes to 
                         the movies...
                              
                         And I become a VIP. It is very 
                         confusing.


                         -- So who are you afraid of betraying? 
                         You know these people. They bomb, 
                         they maim. Do they represent the 
                         Palestine you want to build?
                              
                         They're using you.


                         You are using me, too! Everybody 
                         uses the Palestinians! We are the 
                         whores of the Middle East!
                              
                         You make reports about our little 
                         talks --? What about fucking me?


                         I had to get special permission for 
                         that.

               As he stands up, naked, and goes to the window, we SEE:



               Seen again, FROM MUCH FARTHER AWAY by Hub who stands on a 
               ROOFTOP across the way, watching through 1050 BINOCULARS. 
               Frank stands beside him.


                         Beats cable.

               Sequence omitted from original script.

               Sequence omitted from original script.

               Sequence omitted from original script.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Hub heads for his office, his SECRETARY nods inside. Someone 
               is waiting. It's Devereaux, in a civilian suit.


                         Hi. I understand they call you Hub.


                         I know who you are, General.


                              
                         Bill Devereaux.


                         I served in the --


                         82nd Airborne, I know. Same time I 
                         was running the --


                         -- 173rd. Put me through school.


                         God. Duty. Honor. Country. Where on 
                         Capitol Hill, Wall Street, or 
                         Hollywood would you find one man 
                         who's even paused over one of those 
                         words in the last ten years?

               Hub is unsure why he's audience to such a command performance.


                         What, uh, brings you here, General?... 
                         Can I get you some coffee?


                         You want me to get to the point. The 
                         President's concerned. He's worried 
                         that -- have you met him by any 
                         chance?


                         No, sir, I haven't. I know -- reading 
                         the papers -- terrorism's a real 
                         concern for him. And your job is to --


                         -- With all the affection for the 
                         man I can tell you he doesn't know 
                         fuckall about terrorism, or the 
                         Mideast, that I don't put on his cue 
                         cards. What he's expert in is his 
                         own survival. You get my meaning?


                         I didn't guess you came all this way 
                         for a cup of coffee.


                         Agent Hubbard -- you look like you 
                         think I'm here to take your baby 
                         away!


                         With all respect for your expertise, 
                         sir. We're on track here.


                         Which is what I said to the President -- 
                         the Army is not some big green police 
                         department. Stick with the man on 
                         the ground.


                         I appreciate your support.


                         You're sure you're not chasing your 
                         own tail, though?

               Hub considers for a moment, then:


                         What do you know about Sheik Ahmed 
                         Bin Talal?


                         Old news.


                         Maybe not. We've received two 
                         communications -- from the bombers 
                         to "Release Him."


                         We can't release him.


                         I know our stated policy is not to 
                         negotiate with terrorists, but --


                         Hub, we can't release him because we 
                         don't have him. We never had him. 
                         And besides that, he's dead.


                         The CIA says --


                         The CIA? The CIA couldn't predict 
                         the fall of the Berlin Wall until 
                         bricks were hitting them in the head.
                              
                         The Libyans snatched the Sheik -- 
                         some sectarian Muslim thing -- I'll 
                         explain it next time you have a free 
                         week. They killed him. Qaddafi put 
                         out disinformation that it was us... 
                         Who was your source on this?


                         Elise Kraft.


                         ...A woman will never know the Middle 
                         East. You're talking about a culture 
                         that keeps its women slipcovered. 
                         Elise Kraft can't tell a Sheik from 
                         the prophylactic of the same name.


                         I appreciate the heads up.

               Devereaux rises, offers his hand. As they shake, Elise sticks 
               her head in the door without knocking.


                         Hub, we've got Judge Frankel in --
                              (as Devereaux turns 
                              around)
                         Oh. Hello, General.


                         Please, don't let me --


                              
                         Sorry. That tip on the landlord looks 
                         solid. The judge will see us right 
                         away.


                         Sounds like I should get out of your 
                         way. We're there if you need us.
                              
                         Your father well, Elise?


                         As can be expected. How's Maggie?


                         Top of her game.
                              
                         Well, go get 'em.

               And he's gone. Elise turns to Hub.


                         Making new friends.


                         How's your lip --?

               She looks at Hub -- and now she knows that he knows. She 
               brazens it out:


                         So... you like to watch --?


                         No. Just learning about commitment.


                         It's a full contact sport.





               Judge Frankel, 60, puts down his sandwich and wipes his hands.


                         -- You're telling me that just because 
                         some Brooklyn landlord tips you off 
                         that he's been paid in cash, you 
                         have the right to call in the cavalry --
                         ! Hub, as far as I know, paying cash 
                         is not yet a crime in this country.


                         You're not hearing me. This Khalil 
                         was carrying cash for --


                         -- You've observed him giving cash 
                         to --


                         ... No, but --


                         -- But you have hard evidence linking 
                         this apartment to the people that 
                         blew up bus 87 --?

               Elise sits quietly beside Frank, observing Hub's trials.


                         I know we'll turn up trace elements 
                         of semtex, chemicals... something.


                         And when you do, you'll get your 
                         warrant.


                         What about as a feasibility study?


                         Meaning?


                         We enter first, take a look, then 
                         fill out the warrant.


                         Tell me the difference between that 
                         and breaking-and-entering?


                         We're the good guys.


                         Not good enough.


                         What is good enough, Judge? Another 
                         bus? A school, maybe. These things 
                         come in waves.


                         Waves mean nothing to me; there's 
                         been a wave of violent crime committed 
                         by black people in this city for the 
                         past twenty years, but if you came 
                         to me with a plan to put all black 
                         people behind bars as a preventative 
                         measure I'd send you packing. There's 
                         a price to be paid for living in a 
                         free society --


                         -- and not in cash I guarantee it.

               Hub catches Elise's eye -- "we're out of here."



               Elise and Hub climb seemingly endless FLIGHTS OF STAIRS.


                         -- Not two Judges from now, not two 
                         HOURS from now, not two MINUTES from 
                         now. These guys could split any SECOND 
                         and you've lost your best shot at --


                         Frank's working another warrant --


                         You don't understand, they're pros! 
                         From the age of twelve they've been 
                         dodging people like you, people better 
                         than you.


                         You mean people like you?


                         -- no matter how sparkling your record 
                         is, no matter how terrified you are 
                         to fail --

               Finally he stops, turns on her:


                         It's... against... the... law.


                         -- Just because you went to night 
                         school, or filled out the back of a 
                         matchbook or whatever you did to get 
                         a law degree doesn't make you Sir 
                         Thomas More.


                         Just because you talk the talk doesn't 
                         make you an expert. And just because 
                         you read my file doesn't make you an 
                         expert on me.


                         You're gonna lose them and they're 
                         gonna do another horrible --


                         -- You think I want to lose them. 
                         Where do you get off talking that 
                         shit.
                              
                         If I don't take 'em down properly 
                         they'll be on the street two hours 
                         from now. I could find dynamite, 
                         semtex, plutonium and a book of 
                         matches in there and unless I've got 
                         the right warrant it's all 
                         inadmissible


                         They've also got a warrant. A warrant 
                         from God. They're ready to die! And 
                         your quaint laws don't mean shit to 
                         these people.


                         My quaint laws? Last I checked you 
                         were an American citizen. And these 
                         happen to be the only laws we got.
                              
                         Look, I'm just a cop, okay, and I'm 
                         real sorry the cold war's over, and 
                         you Masters of the Universe got 
                         nothing going on over there in 
                         Afghanistan or Iraq or wherever -- 
                         but you're just not in the Middle 
                         East anymore...


                         Oh, really...?

               They reach the top of the stairs where Frank is waiting. He 
               dangles a piece of paper -- the warrant -- and grins.



               Hub looks through the surveillance equipment focused on an 
               apartment across the street -- paper shades drawn. Wearing a 
               set of HEADPHONES, Elise listens intently to the Arabic 
               conversation.


                         They're discussing how hard it is to 
                         find a decent cup of coffee over 
                         here.
                              (hands headset to 
                              Frank)
                         I make out three voices. What do you 
                         have on the infrared?


                         Three sounds right. If we had 
                         microwave we'd know for sure. The 
                         CIA's got microwave, how come we 
                         don't have microwave.

               Hub, meanwhile is question a Syrian Landlord.


                         -- three of them. All day long they 
                         watch tv. And eat pizza. Nothing but 
                         pizza, pizza, pizza...

               Hub looks over at Frank. They've got a way in.



               Sequence omitted from original script.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Mike Johannson, carrying two PIZZAS, knocks on a door.



               Hub, Frank, and a small army of AGENTS lock and load.



               Opens the door to the length of a chain and hands Mike a 
               twenty-dollar bill.


                         You want change, right --?


                         No.


                         You gonna open the door, or what --?

               The Arab motions, leave them on the ground.


                         Jesus, didn't ya hear crime's down 
                         seven-percent...

               Muttering, he sets the pizza down and heads downstairs. After 
               a moment we HEAR the chain pulled and the door open.



               The Young Arab sets the pizza on an orange crate. Two other 
               YOUNG ARABS in the next room barely take their eyes off the 
               rerun of "Hunter." But as the young Arab opens the box:



               Hidden within, EXPLODES with a blinding FLASH, knocking him 
               to the ground.



               Is blown in as armed AGENTS rush in, Hub leading the way.


                              
                         FBI --! Lie down on the floor with 
                         your hands behind your back --!



               Have not been affected. Not only were they in the next room, 
               but also their eyes were averted from the FLASH.



               But only get off half a clip each before they are CUT DOWN 
               by a fusillade of FBI return-fire.



               The Young Arab, momentarily disoriented, stumbles to his 
               feet, only to be confronted by six armed agents -- all aiming 
               at his chest.


                         Drop your weapon!

               The terrorist puts his gun to his mouth and PULLS THE TRIGGER.



               As the CORDITE drifts lazily toward the ceiling, Hub calls 
               out from behind the table:


                         What about the others? See if we can 
                         get a pulse --

               Other Agents scurry in to hover over the inert BODIES.


                         Terminal.


                         Same here.


                              
                         Gone.

               Hub picks himself up in time to see Elise, kneeling beside 
               the body of the Young Arab, her hand on his boyish chest.


                         We got semtex, we got detcord, same 
                         stuff as the bus, the whole 
                         enchilada...

               A few WHOOPS and high-fives as the adrenaline rush of the 
               firefight abates. Frank opens the remaining box.


                         Anybody like anchovies --?

               Then from across the room, Hub kneels beside an ominous-
               looking DEVICE. A claymore mine.


                         Goddamn it. GODDAMN IT.


                         What --?


                         It didn't fire. They had it rigged 
                         to the door and it didn't fire.

               Frank stares at the lethal booby-trap. Hub shakes his head.


                         We're too old to be lucky, Frank.





               Where Mike and Tina are dancing their asses off. Around them, 
               other AGENTS from the takedown laugh and drink.



               Hub and Elise sit, watch them cut loose.


                              
                         My first boyfriend was Palestinian. 
                         My father liked to say, they seduce 
                         you with their suffering.

               A WAITRESS brings her another drink.


                         You ever been over there --?
                              (he shakes his head, 
                              no)
                         ...The courtesy with which they 
                         welcome you into their homes. And 
                         the people, these incredibly... warm 
                         people in this... austere land.


                         But you work against them.


                         Only the crazies. I tend to be 
                         suspicious of all true believers.
                              
                         Present company included.


                         So I'm a fanatic.


                         Let's just say you don't seem the 
                         ambivalent type.


                         Is that right?


                         So why're are you a fed?


                         That's what my nephew keeps asking 
                         me. "Why you with The Man, Unc?"


                         ...Well? What'd you tell him?


                         You read my file. You tell me.


                         Let's see... Catholic school. Captain 
                         of this, president of that. Hard 
                         work, fair play, make a difference, 
                         change the system from within. Rah. 
                         Rah. Rah.


                         That was in my file?


                         ...Tell me I'm wrong.

               He studies her for a moment.


                         ...What --?


                         You believe in anything, Elise --?


                         Like what, for instance?


                         How about right and wrong?


                         It's easy to choose between right 
                         and wrong. What's hard is choosing 
                         the wrong that's more right. I just 
                         want to make it all... a little... 
                         better.
                              
                         Ignore me. I'm shitfaced.

               Frank appears to lean over their table.


                         So am I --! Hey, Elise... tell us 
                         about being a spook? Ever meet Aldrich 
                         Ames? Weren't you at the Bay of Pigs?


                         You were in charge of Waco, right --
                         ? Or was that Ruby Ridge?


                         The Shah of Iran, Noriega, I love 
                         the way you guys predicted the 
                         collapse of the Soviet Union.


                         Yeah, yeah, yeah... And J. Edgar 
                         Hoover wore a dress.

               She laughs and stands up to dance:


                         What do you say, Hub...? Peace?

               But as he grudgingly stands up, a BALLAD comes on. They stand 
               there awkwardly. Finally, he takes her into his arms.


                         This feels like high school.


                         -- only my prom date wasn't packing 
                         a gun.


                         Mine's a 9 mm. How big is yours?


                         Two inches. From the ground.
                              (laughing, they dance 
                              closer)
                         So what's the latest from Samir. I 
                         want a list of every visa he 
                         sponsored.


                         Not sure he'll do it.


                         I once knew this undercover guy, 
                         started to care so much about his 
                         source --


                         -- Samir's a source. Period.


                         Have you considered that he might 
                         also be in bed with the other side?


                         Samir in bed with them? That would 
                         too much to wish for.


                         You're so confident.


                         Only in bed.

               Tina watches them. She rolls her eyes at Frank. And then:



               A low RUMBLE as the light FLICKERS and the chandelier sways.


                         Whoa... What do they put in these 
                         drinks --?


                         They got earthquakes in Manhattan?

               But Elise is not too drunk to make her way to the door. Hub 
               joins her. Already, in the distance, the WAILING OF SIRENS.



               Blue light FLASHING. Hub, Elise and Frank sit grimly silent.



               Is snarled and gridlocked at 40th. Finally, they can take it 
               no longer and step out into a chorus of HONKING HORNS.



               Past the frustrated drivers. Turning the corner at 41st where:



               From the New Victory Theatre -- where a gala benefit is taking 
               place.



               Walks toward CAMERA. She's stunning. From the jeweled 
               clutchbag to the tasteful necklace, everything is perfect, 
               except:



               And now we SEE:



               Haphazardly pulled-up over the steps and the FIRETRUCKS 
               already unspooling their hoses. Cops, Firemen, EMT's. 
               Everybody's SCREAMING. Hub and Elise race past.



               Sits, weeping quietly beneath the once proud stone lions.



               Their faces cut and bleeding, stumble around, disoriented. 
               As Hub and Elise continue toward a SOUND we have never heard 
               before in this country. A kind of keening.

               A NYPD SERGEANT is the senior OFFICER on the scene. Hub shows 
               his shield to the man who appears a bit shell-shocked.


                         -- fucking bastards waited 'til 
                         intermission. Everybody standing 
                         around... Oh, Jesus...

               GLASS crunching underfoot, they can only watch as horribly 
               disfigured BODIES are carried out. A NEWS REPORTER shoves a 
               microphone in Hub's face.


                         Is it true the governor was attending 
                         tonight's benefit --?


                         I don't know.


                         Who it is I'm speaking to --?

               Hub ignores the reporter. He sees that Elise is already 
               tearing off part of her skirt to bandage a SOCIETY MATRON. 
               He takes off his coat and goes to work beside her.





               Hub sits alone.


                         Folks, as you can probably tell, we 
                         have begun our descent into 
                         Washington's National airport.



               Hub reaches up to his DAMAGED EARS. As anyone who's ever 
               flown with a sinus problem knows, the pain is excruciating.


                         -- You alright?

               But we can only LIP-READ her question. He's sweating now. 
               Over this, we HEAR:


                         Either we answer this threat quickly 
                         and convincingly or next week there'll 
                         be a hundred more all over the world.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               As Hub climbs the steps toward the gleaming dome, the debate 
               continues within:


                         Sounds great, General, except why 
                         can't we find out who's behind it --




               A strategy session chaired by General Devereaux. Sleeves 
               rolled up, silver coffee service. Staff members abound.


                         These sects are organized so you 
                         need a kill to your credit to get 
                         inside. It makes undercover operations 
                         impossible. What that leaves us is... 
                         we're working on it.


                         How about who's behind who's behind 
                         this?


                         Libya. Iraq. Iran. Possibly Syria.


                         Ask a question. Get an atlas.


                         All I know is that we must respond.


                         Respond, sure. But how?


                         Find out who it is and bomb the shit 
                         out of them.


                         And if we can't find out --?

               The question hangs in the air.


                         Look it keeps escalating. First a 
                         bus, then the theatre. What's next?


                         Anything but leadership.


                         With all respect, Senator, why don't 
                         we just stipulate that the President 
                         is a dumb son of a bitch so we can 
                         all get down to business.

               An icebreaker. Everyone laughs.


                         What about sending in the Guard?


                         The National Guard are trained for 
                         riot control not counter-terrorism.


                         The Army then. I've seen the 
                         contingency plans.


                         It's settled legal doctrine, posse 
                         comitatus, that the Army not be turned 
                         against our own people.


                         Even if that's what our own people 
                         are asking for, three to one?


                         If the President is willing to declare 
                         a State of Emergency --


                         President Lincoln declared martial 
                         law in 1862. He suspended --


                         -- which the Supreme Court later 
                         found un-constitutional. Ex parte 
                         Milligan.


                         And I've got an election in November. 
                         Ex-United States Congressman.


                         Guys, guys, the President lost a lot 
                         of friends last night --


                         Not to mention six points in the 
                         polls.


                         -- And his plane lands in two hours. 
                         We owe it to him to have a consensus.


                         You don't fight a junkyard dog with 
                         ASPCA rules. What you do is take the 
                         leash off your own, bigger, meaner 
                         dog.


                         ...General?


                         The Army is a broadsword not a 
                         scalpel. You do not want us in an 
                         American city.


                         But hypothetically... how long would 
                         it take you to --


                         We only go if the President invokes 
                         the War Powers Act.


                         I understand that, General. Let us 
                         imagine, though, for a moment, that 
                         the order has been given.

               CLOSE on Devereaux. As he weighs his remarks, we FLASHCUT, 
               almost imperceptibly to:



               As WATER is poured over anonymous hands in a ritualized 
               manner. O.S. we HEAR the SOUND of chanting.




                         ...Twelve hours after the President 
                         gives the word we can be on the 
                         ground. One light infantry division 
                         of ten thousand seven hundred men. 
                         Elements of the Rapid Deployment 
                         Force combined with Special Forces -- 
                         Delta. APC's, tanks, helicopters. 
                         And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1 
                         assault rifle, a humble weapon until 
                         you see a man carrying one outside 
                         your local bowling alley or Seven-
                         Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be 
                         scary and it will not be mistaken 
                         for a VFW parade.



               Where the same anonymous hands lift a cotton shroud. We watch 
               in SLOW-MOTION as it drifts down a shoulder.




                         That means civilian casualties. At a 
                         minimum it's a drunk private joyriding 
                         in a Hummer who runs down an old 
                         lady in Greenpoint. At a maximum...
                              
                         Make no mistake. We will hunt the 
                         enemy. We will find the enemy. And 
                         we will kill the enemy.



               Turning the key in an ignition. An engine rumbles to life.




                              
                         And no card-carrying member of the 
                         ACLU is more deadset against it... 
                         than I am. Which is why I urge you... 
                         no, I implore you not to consider 
                         this option.

               A long beat. The Chief of Staff sighs.


                         I know what the President will say.


                         What's that?


                         That's exactly why you're the only 
                         man for the job.



               Emerges from a dark garage like a beast from a cave.



               The Army General speaks up.


                         I remind you General Devereaux does 
                         not speak for official Army policy. 
                         A police function has become accepted 
                         as our role in Haiti, in Somalia --


                         -- Could I interrupt?

               Everyone looks over at Hub. Devereaux smiles.


                         That's Anthony Hubbard, FBI. He's 
                         the ASAC on the ground up there. 
                         They took out the first cell less 
                         than 36 hours after bus 87. I suggest 
                         we hear what he has to say --

               He nods to Hub, who acknowledges the vote of confidence.


                         There is something you probably 
                         haven't thought about doing?


                         And that is --?


                         Nothing. Don't over-react.
                              
                         With all respect, gentlemen, I'm 
                         just a cop. To you these people may 
                         be martyrs, but to me they're 
                         criminals. And a criminal is no more 
                         than somebody who thinks he's better 
                         than everyone else. And he's not 
                         better. He only has to be wrong once. 
                         And that's where we come in. We run 
                         down a tip from a landlord, or we 
                         pick up a latent print from a bus. 
                         Our phones are ringing off the hook 
                         with people from the Arab community 
                         wanting to help.

               He measures his words carefully. Unaccustomed to these kind 
               of august circumstances.


                         They love this country and they hate 
                         that these criminals are giving them 
                         a bad name. With their help and some 
                         old-fashioned shoe leather, we'll 
                         nail these guys.


                         -- Amen to that.


                         Thank you, Agent Hubbard. I, too, 
                         think we should proceed cautiously.
                              
                         Now we've got an Agency briefing 
                         prepared... Some of you may not know 
                         Sharon Bridger. Sharon was posted in 
                         Iraq as part of our covert operations 
                         during the Gulf War. -- Sharon...

               CLOSE ON -- HUB as, from behind him, comes a familiar VOICE:


                         We all know the traditional model of 
                         a terrorist network. One cell 
                         controlling all others. Cut off the 
                         head and the body will wither.

               Hub looks to the back of the room at Elise, who's no longer 
               Elise. She looks blithely at Hub as if nothing is amiss.


                         Unfortunately the old wisdom no longer 
                         applies. The new paradigm is like 
                         the myth of the Hydra. Each cell 
                         exists independent of the other. Cut 
                         off one head and another rises up in 
                         its place.



               Crossing the Brooklyn Bridge, keeping well below the speed 
               limit. In the distance, the glass towers of Manhattan.




                         Bus 87 was the work of Cell #1. Its 
                         elimination only activated the work 
                         of Cell #2 -- the theatre gala.



               Turns up Wall Street. Frank Haddad and Danny exit THE FEDERAL 
               BUILDING. They pass Mike and Fred, heading back in. Something 
               about the van causes Frank to take notice.




                         And Cell #3? How do we find Cell #3?

               Everyone looks to Sharon/Elise. Hub looks at her, too.



               The question hangs in the air. She's thinking about something. 
               What?



               JUMPS THE CURB and heads across the plaza on A COLLISION 
               COURSE with the glass lobby of the FEDERAL BUILDING. Frank 
               and Danny are rooted to the ground.



               Close on Sharon/Elise. As time elongates. She knows.


                         We don't know.

               Sequence omitted from original script.





               Puffy clouds in a blue sky. As we TILT DOWN into:



               Of what was once the Federal Building. RESCUE WORKERS hunt 
               for SURVIVORS as others carry BODY BAGS toward waiting 
               AMBULANCES. Hub stands sentinel to the grisly process as 
               indeed he has stood there all night. Frank is beside him.


                         -- Are they confirmed?


                         Fred, Whitney, we're waiting on who 
                         else...

               A JEEP pulls up and Elise/Sharon gets out.


                         Sharon.

               Their silence speaks volumes. With Sharon is an OFFICER.


                         This is Colonel Hardwick. Army 
                         Intelligence.


                              
                         Anthony Hubbard. Average intelligence.
                              
                         But 'til I hear otherwise this is 
                         still my show.


                         I'm here as an advisor only. I intend 
                         to keep a low profile.


                         I appreciate that, Colonel.


                         I don't mean to be insensitive, but 
                         what, exactly, are your capabilities 
                         at this point? Your... infrastructure --


                         You're standing on our infrastructure. 
                         Excuse me.

               Hub walks back toward the rubble. Sharon watches him go.





               Sofas have been pushed against the wall. Hub's apartment now 
               serves as a temporary command post. Agents huddle together -- 
               poring over the charred or soggy remnants of files.


                         -- They managed to get a partial 
                         VIN# off the van. DMV says it was 
                         reported stolen the day before in --


                         -- Brooklyn.


                         Fiber thinks they've come up with a 
                         piece of the shroud. Egyptian cotton.

               Frank joins them.


                              
                         We just got a confirmation on Mike. 
                         He was with Fred in the lobby.


                         How many does that make it --?

               A KNOCK on the door. They look at one another. One of the 
               agents answers it. Elise/Sharon. She walks over to them.


                         I'm... very sorry... about your 
                         friends.


                              
                         Frank. This is Sharon.
                              
                         -- I didn't catch the last name.


                         ...Bridger. How ya doin' Frank?


                         Been better.

               She nods. Takes from her purse a folder, labeled in Hebrew.


                         The agency has come up with another 
                         list of probables.

               She takes out photos. Neither Hub nor Frank react. She puts 
               them on the coffee table. No one reaches for them.


                         I think we should circulate them.
                              
                         Hey, this stuff may be good.


                         Why was there no warning from Samir?


                         Because he didn't know anything.


                         Says Samir.


                         Says me.


                         Maybe I'll ask him.


                         Over my dead body.


                         Over six hundred dead bodies.

               They stare at one another. Both are tired and raw.


                         Look, he's one of the good guys. 
                         Okay?


                         How the fuck can you be so sure?


                         Because he helped me recruit the 
                         network in Iraq. OKAY?

               He just stares at her.


                         We were part of the operation to 
                         destabilize Saddam Hussein. Printing 
                         up fake dinars, arming the Kurds --


                         -- and financing the Sheik.


                         He's Iraqi. He was going to be our 
                         Ayatollah Khomeini --


                         -- And help bring down Saddam.


                         I ran the network. Samir was the go-
                         between. He risked his life for us 
                         over there.


                         So who are they? Give me names, Give 
                         me pictures. Not some history lesson.


                         I can't give you pictures because I 
                         don't know what they look like. We 
                         did everything at arm's length.


                         So you got nothing.


                         I've got Samir.


                         Has he had any contact with them?


                         Minimal.


                         How does he do it?


                         He can't. They initiate.


                         And otherwise...


                         He's waiting.


                         He's waiting? What's he waiting for? 
                         More bodies? We got lots more 
                         buildings in midtown, maybe he's 
                         waiting to see how many they can 
                         blow up.


                         Look, I know how you must feel --







                         They'll make contact soon.


                         How?... Why soon?

               She looks at him, refusing to divulge anything more. Suddenly, 
               Hub grabs her arm and roughly shoves her into:




                              
                         What's the tradecraft, Sharon? 
                         Ironsites, visuals? I love all that 
                         spy shit.
                              (still, she says 
                              nothing)
                         I'm gonna haul your boy downtown, 
                         strap his ass to a polygraph and ask 
                         him all about you. Then I'm gonna 
                         send the transcripts to a friend of 
                         mine at the Times who just loves to 
                         write about the latest CIA link to 
                         some political horror show.


                         You burn him, you lose any chance 
                         you ever had.


                         It's lose-lose from here on in, who 
                         said that?


                         I'm not fucking with you.


                         How can you possibly remember who 
                         you're fucking?

               She slaps him, hard. Without hesitation he slaps her back. 
               She claws at his face, but he grabs her wrist and bends her 
               arm behind her back.


                         I need... more time. Please. You're 
                         hurting me. Please...

               Something in the violence of the moment is more than a little 
               charged.





               A dead drop by a hot dog stand. Out for her morning jog. A 
               series of FREEZE FRAMES as the motordrive CLICKS AND WHIRS.


                         That's good sound.


                         Except they're not saying anything 
                         worth listening to.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Samir chats with a couple of older men in the steaming waters. 



                         One's his uncle, he owns the place. 
                         The other's a doctor. They check out 
                         clean.


                         He go there every day?


                         A clean body and a pure heart.

               Sequence omitted from original script.

               Sequence omitted from original script.




                         "Tonight we take a close look at the 
                         tragic sight of a city under siege."



               Hub sits on his sofa, watching the special report. Spread 
               out before him, the surveillance PHOTOS of Sharon and Samir.



               A deserted Times Square. Police checking packages of shoppers 
               in front of a department store. Long lines of security at 
               bus stops.



               Hub and Frank are walking downtown. At a stoptlight, A BUS 
               idles beside them, a POLICEMAN onboard.


                         -- claiming responsibility for the 
                         bombing. In other news, a cab driver 
                         was beaten and his cab set on fire. 
                         The driver, Rashid Abu --




                         -- the Jews, man. When they say, 
                         jump, we say, how high. I say we --


                         -- If you're on the State Department 
                         Terrorist Watch list you cannot get 
                         into this country. But Ali Waziri 
                         was on the watch list, and he got 
                         in.


                         Did you call the State Department?


                         They told me to call INS.


                         -- And?


                         They told me to call State.


                         Don't you just love government?



               Is only the BUS backfiring. PEDESTRIANS who have thrown 
               themselves to the ground, screaming, now pick themselves up, 
               Laughing. Only Hub and Frank are not laughing.




                         "As many fled, there were others who 
                         stayed behind to pay the price...



               Jammed freeways; A LOOTED corner deli, its Arab owners, 
               bloodied: POLICE checking backpacks at an elementary school.


                         Today, as hundreds of law enforcement 
                         officials gathered in a Broadway 
                         theatre, outside people wanted 
                         answers.



               Angry people, scared people. Hub, being interviewed about 
               the coordinated efforts of law enforcement.


                         Already there is talk of a protest 
                         march by a coalition of --



               Hub and a few others sit on the stage. Two hundred law 
               enforcement officials fill the orchestra seats.








                         -- IS TO MAKE THIS CITY SAFE...! And 
                         your department --


                         My department WHAT, ASSHOLE...?

               Sharon stands at the back, meets Hub's eye, and waves.


                         Guys... GUYS...

               EVERYBODY'S talking at once. In frustration, Hub covers a 
               microphone with his hand. The FEEDBACK silences the room.


                         Sorry. From now on, we will raise 
                         our hands and wait to be called on --

               An appreciative chuckle. Hub points to A MAN IN A SUIT.


                         Howard Kaplan. INS. So we've pulled 
                         every ethnic visa in the city and 
                         traced them to source. Who wants em?


                         Danny --?


                         We bring 'me in, have a talk.


                         What about translators --?


                         How many people we talking about 
                         here?


                         Sixteen hundred, maybe more.


                         Where the hell we gonna put sixteen 
                         hundred people?

               Everyone again begins speaking at once. Hub takes control.


                         What about a military presence at 
                         JFK and LaGuardia --?


                         I don't think we're there yet. It's 
                         also not going to stop these people.


                         What about protecting the Arab 
                         population? There's a lot of anger --


                         I represent the American-Arab Anti-
                         Discrimination Committee. Whatever 
                         injustices my people may be suffering 
                         at this difficult moment, we will 
                         continue to show our patriotism and 
                         our commitment to this country.


                         Thank you, sir. And to everyone else 
                         for their patience today. These are 
                         extremely difficult times -- London, 
                         Paris, we're not the first city to 
                         have to deal with this.

               He pauses a moment, searching for the words.


                         In Tel Aviv, the day after they blew 
                         up the market, the market was full.
                              
                         This is New York. We can take it.

               And then two hundred BEEPERS all go off at once. Everyone 
               looks at one another. Dear God, what now...



               Kids, huddled in a corner, crying. A dead mom. The legs of 
               what we imagine is the terrorist. We are in:



               Hub huddles with other agents behind a makeshift blast-
               barricade of desks and tables. Sharon kneels beside them.


                         -- one of the moms was carrying a 
                         piece, wounds the guy as he's planting 
                         the device. He kills her and locks 
                         them all in.
                              
                         Up there in the corner... by the 
                         clock.

               The probe is a hot-head, "arthroscopic" video camera.


                         -- It's got a timer on it only we 
                         don't know how much time is left.

               As Hub stares at the horrifying image, the WHITE-NOISE returns 
               and begins to GROW in his head.


                         Closer on the timer.


                         I'm trying but the angle's wrong...

               The NOISE in Hub's head continues to grow. And then suddenly 
               it is compounded by the SOUND of an APPROACHING CHOPPER -- 
               as an NYPD SWAT HELICOPTER lowers itself into view.


                         What the fuck is the NYPD doing here?!


                         I don't know. Somebody must have --











               In the HELICOPTER -- a Marksman raises a sniper's rifle.



               Is screaming now in Hub's head. Unimaginable. Unbearable.


                              
                         NYPD SWAT, this is the FBI. Get that 
                         bird the fuck out of there!

               The SOUND of the CHOPPER and the WHITE NOISE drown him out.



               Children are SCREAMING without sound. Even the chopper is 
               drowned out by the WHITE NOISE.



               The MARKSMAN takes careful aim --



               The TERRORIST grabs a child as a human shield. Hub closes 
               his eyes to the imminent nightmare, and then:



               He takes off, barreling down the hall, toward the locked 
               door of the classroom.



               He flies through it, firing, hitting the TERRORIST twice.



               Much like the first one on Bus 99. Hub throws himself over 
               several SCREAMING CHILDREN. And for a moment we don't know 
               if they'll live or die, until:

               BLUE PAINT covers them all. Agents pour in, followed by 
               Sharon. There, on the floor, holding as many weeping children 
               as he can:



               Who, unable to keep up the facade for a single second more, 
               is also weeping now. Weeping for the victims of the bombings, 
               weeping for the children who've survived, weeping for himself.

               And for a moment, everyone just... stands there, vaguely 
               embarrassed, and more than a little moved.



               Hub sits in his boxers, toweling blue paint from his hair, 
               listening to the CNN report of the school attack. A KNOCK at 
               the door. He pulls on his pants. It's Sharon.


                         This just came in.

               She hands Hub another fax: "Last Warning. Release Him." He 
               looks at it and hands it back to her without a word.


                         You alright?


                         My neck's a little stiff, that's 
                         all.


                              
                         That's not what I meant.


                         I know.

               They stand awkwardly in the doorway for a moment.


                         You want a drink?


                         Sure.

               He walks over and opens a bottle of scotch.


                         That was a pretty crazy thing you 
                         did today.

               He doesn't respond. Hands her the drink.


                         Better days.

               She takes a drink. Then another.


                         I wanted to -- I... just didn't feel 
                         like... being alone... tonight.


                         Where's Samir?


                         I could call him. Maybe he'd join 
                         us.


                         You'd like that.


                         I might. Or I could call Tina.




               They stare at each other.


                         Look, I thought Samir'd be an easy 
                         recruit. He wasn't. It was crazy but 
                         I did what I had to do.
                              
                         You know as well as I do, running an 
                         agent can be very... complicated.


                         How about running an FBI agent?


                         You think I'm trying to run you?


                              
                         ...Why else are you here?


                              
                         ...You know why I'm here.

               It's a charged moment. They're two sad and lonely people.


                         Tell me to leave.


                         Leave.


                         No.

               When they embrace, their ferocity and desperation is something 
               more than comfort and less than love.

               Sequence omitted from original script.





               The Chief of Staff is working late in a cardigan sweater. 
               Devereaux, in his impeccable suit, stands opposite him. Even 
               at ease he is smartly erect.


                         The FBI received another fax.


                         Ahmed Bin Talal. They're still under 
                         the impression that we have him.


                         Do we? Have him?


                         To refresh your memory, as I told 
                         you last time, it was the Libyans 
                         who --


                         I remember perfectly well what you 
                         said last time.
                              
                         Do we?

               Devereaux frosts him with a look.


                         Let me give you some free advice, 
                         son. Don't get between me and the 
                         President. You might break a nail.


                         I am speaking for the President.

               He and Devereaux look at each other. It is the moment of 
               plausible deniability.


                         As far as the President is 
                         concerned... No, we do not.

               The Chief of Staff accepts the answer because it serves him, 
               for now. And because he has a more pressing agenda.


                         General, do you know that after 
                         yesterday's attack, half the parents 
                         in this country kept their children 
                         out of school --?
                              
                         ...They're attacking our way of life. 
                         It's got to stop. And the President 
                         cannot afford to be weak.


                              
                         Are you saying the President is 
                         prepared to take the necessary 
                         steps...?


                         I'm saying, the President is prepared 
                         to be... Presidential.





               A ringing phone. Hub wakes up in a tangle of sheets. He looks 
               around and realizes he is alone. Did last night even happen?


                              
                         Hubbard... What --? ...Slow down, 
                         slow down --

               He reaches for the remote control, turns on the TV.





               as THE FIRST APC enters Brooklyn. Followed by another. And 
               another. And in a sound bite: General Devereaux, IN FATIGUES 
               FOR THE FIRST TIME, and looking like grim death.


                         Today, with the invocation of the 
                         War Powers Act by the President, I 
                         am declaring a state of martial law 
                         in this city.



               Road blocks set up at select intersections. Random stop-and-
               frisk. Patrols of young soldiers in the streets. GANG KIDS, 
               same age, same color, eye them warily.


                         To the best of our knowledge, we are 
                         opposed by no more than twenty of 
                         the enemy. He is hiding among a 
                         population of roughly two million.



               Is closed. SOLDIERS in full battle-dress stop cars, check 
               trunks, handbags, briefcases, and id's. THE LINE OF HONKING, 
               ANGRY MOTORISTS stretches as far as the eye can see.


                         Intelligence tells us he is most 
                         likely Arab-speaking, between the 
                         age of fourteen and thirty. Narrowing 
                         the target to fifteen thousand 
                         suspects.

               A SWARTHY TEENAGER is pulled from A CAR by a SERGEANT and 
               led away to a CAMOUFLAGED TENT set up on the bridge.


                         We can further reduce that number 
                         down to those who have been in this 
                         country less than six months. Now 
                         you have twenty hiding among two 
                         thousand.

               A CAR TRUNK is inspected. Two women waved through.


                         If you are one of these twenty young 
                         men, you can hide among a population 
                         of similar ethnic background. 
                         Unfortunately for you, you can only 
                         hide there. And that population, in 
                         the classic immigration pattern, is 
                         concentrated. Right here in Brooklyn.

               Hub and Sharon stare at the Orwellian tableau.


                         We intend to seal off this borough. 
                         And then we intend to squeeze it. 
                         This is the land of opportunity, 
                         gentlemen. The opportunity to turn 
                         yourselves in. After sundown tonight 
                         any young man fitting the profile I 
                         described who has not cooperated 
                         will be arrested and detained.

               Hub and Sharon show their ID's to an MP.


                         Would you follow me, please. The 
                         General is expecting you.

               He leads him to A CAMOUFLAGED TENT on the service roadway.


                         There is historically nothing more 
                         corrosive to the morale of an army 
                         than policing its own citizens.



               The swarthy teenager is being interrogated by COL. HARDWICK.


                         But the enemy would be sadly mistaken 
                         if they were to doubt our resolve. 
                         They are now face to face with the 
                         most fearsome killing machine in the 
                         history of man. And I intend to use 
                         it. And be back on base in time for 
                         the play-offs... That is all.

               Devereaux sees Hub and strides over to him:


                         Hub. Good to see you again.


                         I can't say the same, sir. Not in 
                         that uniform. I thought you were 
                         against this.


                         I am against it. It wasn't my call.


                         "I'm only following orders" didn't 
                         work at Nuremberg. It may not be 
                         your policy but they're your tactics.


                         Your operation had its chance, Hub, 
                         and you couldn't get it done. You're 
                         down three touchdowns. Time to bring 
                         in the first string.


                         Against our own team?

               Devereaux suddenly goes ice cold.


                         Are you questioning my patriotism?


                         I'm questioning your judgement, yes, 
                         sir.


                         Hub, I want you to take a moment and 
                         reflect on my life as a soldier. I 
                         have a dozen tropical diseases I'll 
                         never entirely get rid of. I set off 
                         metal detectors with the shrapnel in 
                         my ass. I have watched men die and I 
                         have killed. Now I am serving my 
                         President and quite possibly not the 
                         best interests of my country, but my 
                         profession doesn't afford me the 
                         luxury of that distinction. I won't 
                         question your patriotism but don't 
                         you ever again question my command.


                         I'm not under your command, General.


                         Take a good look around, my friend, 
                         and tell me that's still true.
                              
                         But we're not shutting you out. In 
                         fact, I can't do it without you, 
                         Hub. I need men like you. Men willing 
                         to put it on the line like you did 
                         in that schoolroom.
                              (gestures to his 
                              uniform)
                         These stars mean I have been putting 
                         it on the line for thirty years... 
                         and never made a mistake worth 
                         remembering. Don't tell me I made a 
                         mistake about you.



               Hub and Sharon exit the command tent.


                              
                         They're not shutting us out. They 
                         need men like me.


                         He'll fuck it up, the arrogant prick. 
                         You ever met anybody so in love with 
                         the sound of his own voice?


                         We're putting Samir in play.


                         Now? With all this going on? He's 
                         freaked.


                         Oh, right, he's high-strung. Only 
                         you can manage him. You and the CIA 
                         and the DIA and God-knows-who-else 
                         you're really working for --!
                              
                         Get back in there, Sharon, Elise, 
                         whatever the fuck your name is -- 
                         They'll probably make you a Colonel... 
                         if you're not one already.

               She gestures at the military leviathan.


                         All this... is no more in our interest 
                         than it is in yours, Hub.


                         What, exactly, are your interests, 
                         Sharon? You protect Samir, you protect 
                         the agency. You're interested in 
                         protecting everything but your 
                         country.


                         You have no idea what I do for my 
                         country.


                         No, and I don't want to know. With 
                         you or without you we're putting 
                         Samir in play. Now.

               She looks at him for a long moment. Considering:


                         One more lamb to the slaughter.





               Samir looks and sees Hub, standing beside Sharon.


                         Oh, my God. Oh, my God...

               He tries to SLAM the door, but they force it open. He grabs

               A FAT JOINT from an ashtray and hurries into the bathroom.


                              
                         Does he understand the difference 
                         between the FBI and the DEA?


                         Samir... It's fine, he's cool.

               OUTSIDE, the sound of gunfire. Samir reappears, wild-eyed.


                         Listen to that --! Are you listening? 
                         They're killing Arabs out there!


                         You can stop it all right now.


                         What are you talking about --? The 
                         army is here. They're setting up 
                         interrogation centers right now. 
                         They're torturing people in cellars.


                         Let's just calm down for a second...


                         -- I've got to get out of here. You 
                         have to help me --

               He goes over and peers out the drawn curtains.


                              
                         We'll take care of you... don't worry. 
                         You just have to calm down --


                         Money... I must have more money...


                         -- You got a student visa for Ali 
                         Waziri. Because... somebody asked 
                         you to -- Didn't they --?


                         I... got it myself.

               Sharon CRACKS him across the face.


                         Liar --!

               Now it's Samir's turn to taste the blood in his mouth.


                         You... tell him... what he wants to 
                         know.


                              
                         Hey, that's enough.


                         He knows. He fucking knows.


                         She's crazy. They're ghosts. Jinn. 
                         They'd never trust someone like me.


                         Stop simpering.


                         Please...


                         I've got a picture of the two of us, 
                         do you remember that picture, Samir?
                              
                         I'm going to post that picture in 
                         every mosque in Brooklyn. And then 
                         I'm gonna send copies to some friends 
                         of mine on the West Bank. You've got 
                         family there, don't you --?

               Hub jumps up, takes Sharon by the arm.


                         Let go of me --

               He gives her the BUM'S RUSH out of the apartment, shuts the 
               door, then turns back to Samir, who sits, ashen-faced.


                         Now... Nobody's going to burn you, 
                         nobody's going to call anybody --
                              
                         -- Who asked you to get that visa?

               Samir is trembling. Tears roll down his cheeks.


                         Don't be afraid. I can protect you. 
                         There's nothing to be afraid of.


                         I'm afraid of going to hell.

               Hub just sits there. He knows he's got him. Finally:


                         His name is Tariq Husseini. He runs 
                         an auto shop.
                              
                         ...on Commerce Street in Red Hook.


                              
                         My beeper number. Anybody messes 
                         with you, I'm there in twenty minutes.

               He gets up and walks into:



               Where Sharon waits. As they head for the stairs we HEAR:


                         You're good.


                         You're not so bad yourself.

               But we are HEARING IT along with:



               In a nearby SURVEILLANCE VEHICLE -- where, through the newest 
               microwave technology , he 
               has OVERHEARD the entire conversation.



               In his lap, the name, "Tariq Husseini."





               They are in a housing project. Hub dials his cell phone.


                         You calling Devereaux.


                         Didn't get his number. Darn.
                              
                         Floyd, Hub. We need to put something 
                         together in a big-ass hurry... Where's 
                         Frank --?... Give him a 911.

               A YELLOW SCHOOL BUS pulls up beside them and armed soldiers 
               hop out. Sharon watches them as Hub continues:


                              
                         -- and find some kind of beat-up 
                         car... Well, beat it up yourself if 
                         you have to... 896 Commerce St... 
                         it's a garage in Red Hook... but 
                         remember --
                              
                         -- they're pros.

               A PSY-OPS VAN passes by, broadcasting through a P.A.


                         -- all persons without proper 
                         authorization must be off the street 
                         until seven a.m. Failure to comply 
                         will result in immediate arrest.

               The announcement is then repeated in Arabic.



               They come upon several more YELLOW SCHOOL BUSES. From within 
               the various apartments the SHRILL PROTESTS of mothers and 
               sisters as YOUNG MEN fitting the "terrorist profile" are 
               hustled into the BUSES.


                         Jesus...


                         Tariq will go to ground.


                         We can hit him in less than an hour.


                              
                         Hit him hard.


                         Where are you going?


                         I've got to stash Samir someplace 
                         safe.
                              
                         Go with God.

               Hub hurries on toward his car, passing TEENAGE GIRLS, 
               defiantly wearing Keffiyahs, who mill about, taunting soldiers 
               with obscenities in English and Arabic.

               AN APC drives past, further inflaming their passions.

               Suddenly, A volley ROCKS AND BOTTLES come hurtling out of 
               nowhere, smashing harmlessly against the armor. The teenagers 
               laugh.

               And then, the sudden CONCUSSION of a small BLAST from UP THE 
               STREET. The teenagers SCREAM and scatter. Hub SPRINTS toward 
               A SMOKING CAR, pulling his weapon from his hip.

               A SOLDIER IS ROLLING ON THE GROUND, SCREAMING beside a PARKED 
               CAR. His leg is shredded. ARMORED JEEPS come squealing around 
               a corner. M-16's are locked, loaded and leveled at Hub.




               For a moment, it's touch-and-go as the the terrified RECRUITS, 
               just weeks out of basic training, decide whether to SHOOT. 
               On the ground, the injured soldier keeps SCREAMING.


                         Now... I'm gonna... reach... into my 
                         jacket... and show you... my shield.


                         Drop your weapon --!

               Hub drops the gun and shows his credentials. The young soldier 
               approaches warily as MEDICS attend to the wounded man.


                         Sorry, Sir. Somebody's booby-trapping 
                         cars... We're all a little spooked.

               The RATTLE of small-arms fire is HEARD from up the street. 
               In the distance, a running FIGURE is chased by three SOLDIERS.

               The transformation is complete: Brooklyn as Gaza.



               Hub climbs in. On a nearby pock-marked wall, a single word, 
               "Intifada."





               Hub, who sits in a beat-up old car, a baseball cap worn 
               backwards on his head. He keys his radio.


                         All Units, report in turn. If talking 
                         will reveal your position, just key 
                         your walkie...



               Inside, an AUTO GARAGE. Hoists, compression cylinders, 
               archwelders. Outside, two WINOS share a bottle by the curb. 
               A BEAT-UP DODGE drives up. In it, two scruffy-looking Black 
               MEN. Upon close inspection we realize that one is Hub. The 
               other is Floyd.


                              
                         Yo...

               The mechanic looks out from under a car. He's Hispanic.


                         Que Pasa?


                         Tariq around?

               The mechanic gestures to a partitioned-office in the back. 
               As Hub heads toward it, he checks out the other workers: a 
               teenager doing a compression check, another fixes a tire.



               Tariq is on the phone talking in Arabic as Hub enters.


                         Tariq?

               Tariq holds up a finger, hold on. Hub sits opposite him.


                         How can I help you.


                         You're Tariq Husseini?


                         He's out.


                         Damn. Do you think you could give 
                         him a message?


                         Of course.


                         Tell him the FBI is after him.


                         You're joking.


                         Very... slowly... put your hands on 
                         top of the table.

               Tariq notices that Hub's hands are out of sight beneath the 
               table. Hub draws back the slide of his the weapon with an 
               audible CLICK. Tariq mutters a CURSE in Arabic.


                         That wouldn't be a racist epithet, 
                         now would it? Stand up.

               As Tariq stands, Hub crosses behind him, kicks out his legs, 
               pats him down, and cuffs him.



               The two winos have revealed themselves as shotgun-wielding 
               FBI agents and are now ROUSTING the garage workers.


                         Where are the others?


                         What others?

               But before Hub can answer, an AMPLIFIED VOICE is heard.


                         Tariq Husseini, this is the United 
                         States Army. You are surrounded.

               Hub is as surprised as Tariq.


                         You have thirty seconds to throw out 
                         any weapons and exit the premises 
                         with your hands on top of your head.

               One of the agents with the shotgun calls out.


                         -- Sir?


                         Do as he says.

               As Hub hustles Tariq to his feet, the other agents start to 
               hustle the workers out of door, when:



               Reaches into his overalls.




               But when the Mechanic pulls his hand out from his overalls, 
               all he is holding is the pin to a GRENADE.



               Kills both the FBI agents and their prisoners. Hub throws 
               Tariq to the ground.



               An AUTOMATIC WEAPON opens fire on the Army presence.



               Devereaux responds with a dispassionate intensity.


                         Code blue.

               His order unleashes an overwhelming display of FIREPOWER.



               Hub and Tariq crawl for cover as windows EXPLODE, walls are 
               SHREDDED, and incendiary TRACER rounds mix with solvents and 
               gasoline to start a conflagration. With the vaguely 
               hallucinatory quality of the S.L.A. shootout, WHITE NOISE 
               bleeds in and ALL SOUND FADES OUT:



               Races in from around the corner, only to be hit by A ROCKET-
               PROPELLED GRENADE fired through the second floor window.




                         Code Red.



               Appear from their hiding place behind a nearby building. As 
               they dive into their attack trajectory --



               Crawls, dragging Tariq toward the doors as:



               Of the Attack helicopter fires 2,000 rounds a minute -- 
               virtually UNZIPPING the warehouse -- softening it for THE 
               TWO HYDRA ROCKETS that reduce it instantly to a huge FIREBALL.



               Watches the awesome display of firepower with calm detachment.



               Stagger, blinded, out of the inferno. Hub drags a half-
               conscious Tariq, where they are pounced on by commandos.





               Pac's and Tanks ring the stadium. An anti-terrorist perimeter 
               has been established -- concrete obstacles, sandbags and 
               razor-wire. Musco-lights cast their pitiless glow.



               A mob of frightened parents, girlfriends, and furious fathers. 
               A LAWYER for the ACLU confronts a young Lieutenant.


                         -- just want to know if my client's 
                         name is on the list.


                         Sir, the list will be updated every 
                         twelve hours and posted in the --

               A gaggle of JOURNALISTS try to force their way in...


                         -- This pass GUARANTEES... You CAN'T -- 
                         ...the first FUCKING AMENDMENT!


                         There will be a pool briefing for 
                         all accredited journalists at 0700 
                         hours.

               Hub shows his ID. Is allowed to enter into:



               A MUFFLED CRY that might or might not have come from someone 
               in pain. His footsteps ECHO as he walks out to where:



               All young men between the ages of sixteen and thirty are 
               milling about. Squatting, smoking, pacing, some laughing, 
               most looking terrified. All spread across:



               Armed GUARDS backlit in the upper tiers. Enlisted men passing 
               out blankets and soup. Nearby, Hub sees Tina, standing quite 
               still -- Finally, she is able to speak.


                         1942, my father was put into the 
                         camps at Manzanar. Until the end of 
                         the war. Two years. Now he roots for 
                         the Dodgers and swears it could never 
                         happen again.



               Hub asks for Devereaux, is directed across the field, through 
               an aisle in the wire cages. FRANK HADDAD looms out of the 
               shadows. He looks terrible, drawn. Furious.


                         They got Frankie. My kid's here 
                         someplace --


                         Frank, slow down --


                              (fighting back tears 
                              of rage)
                         He's only thirteen, for Chrissake --

               Nearby, the "Allahuh Akbar," call, to evening PRAYER.


                         I'll get him out.


                         They came into my house. My wife 
                         told them who I was --
                              
                         How many times did I put it on the 
                         line, Hub --? How many times --


                         Frank --


                         We're American citizens, twenty years. 
                         Ten years in the bureau -- They 
                         knocked her down... and took him. 
                         Out of my own house.


                         It's wrong, Frank. What can I say to 
                         you, but it's... all... terribly... 
                         horribly... wrong.
                              
                         Now, come with me.


                         NO! I've got to find him. Besides, 
                         this is where I belong.
                              (takes out his wallet, 
                              hands over his badge)
                         Here. I'm not their sand nigger 
                         anymore.

               Hub watches as he he walks away. A MUEZZIN chants the call 
               to evening prayer. Frank drops to his knees and joins the 
               rest of the prisoners.



               Has been transformed in a COMMAND POST.


                         -- And his name is Haddad?


                         Frank... Haddad. Junior.


                         His father's a Shiite. We're checking 
                         him out.


                         Check this out, pal. His father's a 
                         federal agent for ten years.


                         Don't get in my face, Hubbard. I 
                         might decide you're an Ethiopian.


                         And you're just stupid enough to 
                         think that's an insult.


                         If a mistake's been made we'll fix 
                         it.


                         There is no "if". I'm vouching for 
                         this kid. I want him out.


                         And I said we will look into it.


                         You mean, like you're looking into 
                         me? Surveilling me? Breaking up my 
                         operations? If I'd known I was going 
                         to have to do your job for you I 
                         would never have left the army.


                         There's an FBI office in Anchorage, 
                         Agent Hubbard. Fuck with me and you'll 
                         be learning a hundred and fifty new 
                         words for snow.

               The two men stare at each other.


                         Tariq Husseini is my prisoner. I 
                         want to see him.


                         The prisoner is being interrogated.


                         I want to see him.

               Devereaux just looks at him as we CUT TO:



               Tariq is strapped, NAKED, into a folding metal chair. His 
               head lolls on his chest, his eyes are dulled. On a nearby 
               table, an empty syringe. Two MP'S stand guard.

               Sharon is speaking softly to him in Arabic. Suddenly, Tarak 
               SPITS in her face. She wipes it off as if it is nothing.


                         How long have you been at it?


                         Not long enough, apparently.


                         How much longer, do you think, before 
                         he gives up the other cells --


                         He can't give up the other cells if 
                         he doesn't know about them.


                         He knows.


                              
                         What about her briefing? The strategy 
                         session -- she said the cells don't 
                         know about each other, that they --

               Devereaux ignores him. Turns to Sharon.


                         How long before he breaks?


                         At this rate. Too long. The theatre 
                         was hit nine hours after we took 
                         down the first cell.


                         So -- what other models do we have --


               No one wants to be the first to step into uncharted terrain.


                         Shaking.

               Nobody answers.


                         What about it, Sharon?


                         -- Won't work.


                         Works for the Israelis.


                         Only in conjunction with sleep 
                         deprivation. Needs at least thirty-
                         six hours.

               Hub stares at Sharon -- as the dark side of her professional 
               life is revealed.


                         We don't have thirty-six hours.

               Another silence. They're teetering on the edge of the abyss.


                         Electric shock?


                         The neurotransmitters just shut down.


                         Water?


                         Palestinian authority is producing 
                         good intel using water.

               Hub finally can't take another second. Even in theory.


                         Are you people insane --?


                         The time has come for one man to 
                         suffer in order to save the lives of 
                         hundreds


                         How about two men? How about three? 
                         How about public executions, that 
                         might work.


                         You're welcome to wait outside.


                         General... you've lost men, I've 
                         lost men... but what you're doing... 
                         It doesn't work in Belfast. It doesn't 
                         work in Gaza. And it won't work here.
                              (it comes slowly at 
                              first, then in a 
                              rush:)
                         -- What if... they don't want their 
                         leader back at all? You said yourself, 
                         we don't even have him. Maybe what 
                         they really want -- is that we herd 
                         our children into stadiums. Put 
                         soldiers into our streets. Radicalize 
                         people who want to think of themselves 
                         as Americans. Bend the law, shred 
                         the constitution.
                              (searches for the 
                              kind of words that 
                              come so hard to him:)
                         Because if we torture him -- and 
                         let's call it what it is... You... 
                         and I... then the country men like 
                         us have sworn to defend. And bled to 
                         defend. And died to defend... is 
                         gone.
                              
                         And they've won.

               Gen. Devereaux stares hard at Hub. And then:


                              
                         I think we have to soundproof the 
                         room before we begin.

               Hub looks at Sharon, who looks away.


                         Escort him out.

               The two MPs lead Hub out of the room.


                         Let's get this over with.

               Sequence omitted from original script.





               Sharon emerges from the shower room. She is shattered. The 
               blood drained from her face. As if carrying with her all the 
               sin that was committed in the next room.



               The sound of a GUNSHOT. The door opens and Devereaux emerges, 
               in the torment of a man of honor who is living a lie.


                         He knew nothing.

               Devereaux turns and walks off down the corridor.

               Sequence omitted from original script.





               Glorious, alabaster stone -- floodlit at night. A symbol of 
               all that is good and free and just. Hub drives a rental car, 
               staring out at the monuments.



               Hub pulls up to a lovely TOWNHOUSE. Parked on the street, an 
               UNMARKED CAR from the Secret Service.



               Opens the door, wearing a Dartmouth lacrosse team t-shirt.


                         C'mon in, we're still trying to get 
                         the last one down.

               In the background, we HEAR a three-year-old crying.



               Tasteful antiques, rag rugs and kids' toys.


                         ...The President wants this shit 
                         over with. There's only one way to 
                         do that.
                              
                         Let the Sheik go.


                         So we do have the Sheik?


                         You think our government operates as 
                         a single coherent entity? Devereaux 
                         just... pushed the agenda.
                              
                         Of course the President was completely 
                         unaware of it.


                              
                         Of course.


                         Now we can't just let him go. America 
                         has to stand tall in the world yadda 
                         yadda yadda. So what we do is...
                              
                         We let the American justice system 
                         do its work.

               His wife appears, holding a squalling baby, looking defeated.


                         -- Honey...?


                         I'll be right up, darling.

               She grits her teeth and goes upstairs.


                         You have kids? They're great. 
                         Sometimes you just want to... drug 
                         them.


                         What do you mean, let the justice 
                         system do its work.


                         We don't release him. A judge releases 
                         him. You're an FBI man. That's what 
                         judges are good at, right?
                              
                         It's not like we've gone after him 
                         in proper prosectorial fashion. 
                         Kidnaping him. Holding him in 
                         isolation. "Fruit of the poisoned 
                         tree" -- remember that one from law 
                         school? Oh, we'll have a big trial. 
                         Everybody'll get their rocks off... 
                         But the fact is --
                              
                         -- the sheik will walk.

               He looks at Hub, shakes his head.


                         ...And this whole episode becomes 
                         nothing more than the news cycle 
                         before the next news cycle.

               He hands Hub an ACCORDION FILE.


                         Documentary evidence of Devereaux's 
                         whole operation.


                         Why me?


                         Because you'll know what to do with 
                         it.

               Hub looks at the file in his hands. Considering.


                         And what about her?


                         Who?


                         You know who. How much is she 
                         complicit in all this?


                         Ask her.

               Hub looks up. Sharon emerges from the hallway.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Hub and Sharon sit in silence in Hub's rental car:


                         I ran an Iraqi network for two years. 
                         Samir recruited them from among the 
                         Sheik's followers. I trained them in 
                         the North. Then we played them back 
                         into Baghdad, two, three at a time, 
                         hiding them in the mosques...

               Her voice softens just a bit as memory takes over.


                         It was gonna be beautiful.
                              
                         -- And then there was a policy shift --

               She thought telling the story would be easy, but there's an 
               enormous well of untapped feeling. She fights it back:


                         -- The new doctrine was: Iran will 
                         be too powerful if Iraq falls apart.
                              
                         And it's not like... we sold them 
                         out. Exactly. We just... stopped... 
                         helping them. And I wasn't allowed 
                         to tell them what was coming down. I 
                         was ordered not to tell them.
                              
                         -- And they got slaughtered.

               She turns away.


                         You've got to understand -- these 
                         people... believe. Paradise. Bliss. 
                         To us they're just words. But to 
                         them... It's very beautiful, actually. 
                         And when you look at their lives, 
                         the heartbreak... And what do we do? 
                         We think, aha, we can take advantage 
                         of that.
                              
                         So I quit. I came home. I just 
                         can't... do it... anymore.

               She doesn't want to reveal herself this way. Doesn't want to 
               be vulnerable. Doesn't want to cling to him. For a moment He 
               puts his arms around her, but it's like holding a beautiful, 
               dangerous predator.


                         -- But first, you helped them.

               She senses the hardness in his tone. Looks up at him, and 
               through tears, puts her game face back on.


                         What do you mean --?


                         They were being slaughtered. They 
                         needed to get out. But they were on 
                         the watch list. So you got them visas. 
                         You and Samir.


                         I promised we would take care of 
                         them. They were working... for us.


                         Doing what, exactly?


                         I don't know what you mean.


                         You said you trained them. Tradecraft. 
                         Subversion. That's what you said, 
                         right?
                              
                         Only you left something out, didn't 
                         you... Didn't you, Sharon?
                              (she can't bring 
                              herself to look at 
                              him)
                         You taught them how to make bombs.

               The tears are streaming down her face now. Finally, she nods.


                         -- And now they're here, doing what 
                         you taught 'em.

               The streetlight catches Sharon's face. Her eyes are haunted.


                         And I'm going to have to live with 
                         the hell of that for the rest of my 
                         life.






                         -- the people of Brooklyn will not 
                         be held hostage! This afternoon, 
                         join community and religious leaders 
                         in a march to protest the mass arrests --

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Sequence omitted from original script.




                              
                         March on city hall. Today. No fear.

               Hub and Frank are standing outside Hub's car, each on opposite 
               sides, blocking any opportunity to suveil what is happening 
               within.

               Sharon sits inside with Samir. She uses a SCALPEL to make 
               the slightest INCISION under Samir's arm. The RADIO plays.


                         Ahhhhhh...


                         In case you decide to go on walkabout.

               Into the incision she inserts a tiny plastic TRANSMITTER.


                         How did you make contact?


                         He is Afghani. Ahhhh. He got word to 
                         my uncle at the bath-house. You never 
                         met him.


                         But you're sure he'll show up.


                              
                         Sharon, they are all dead but the 
                         last cell and they are crazy with 
                         fear. Just tell me the message and I 
                         will pass it on.


                         I need to deliver it in person. 
                         Believe me, they'll want to hear 
                         what I have to say.

               She turns off the radio.



               Hub and Frank glance inconspicuously around.


                         You watch the game?

               On a piece of paper he has scribbled, "Hit Hardwick. Safe 
               House. 11:00."


                              
                         Kannell was really on.

               Hub then writes. "Bath-house. 12:00."


                              
                         Think they'll make the play-offs?

               Hub looks at him. There's been little time for sentiment.


                         How's your boy?


                         He's alright. Thanks for getting him 
                         out.

               Sharon steps out of the car. In her hands is a device 
               resembling a PORTABLE OSCILLOSCOPE. A green dot appears.


                         That's Samir.


                              
                         Green is about right.

               He slips Sharon the scribbled notes. As she looks at them:


                         He's terrified. Then again, so am I.


                         You sure he'll go through with it?


                         If he doesn't he knows I'll give him 
                         to Devereaux.
                              (She mouths, "They 
                              out there?" Hub nods)
                         How's it feel to be on the other end 
                         of it?


                         I like watching better.


                         This is the endgame, you understand 
                         that? If this goes wrong --


                         Nothing's going wrong.


                         We're the CIA, something always goes 
                         wrong.

               The car door opens and Samir steps out, buttoning his shirt.


                         I don't suppose there's any way you 
                         would trust me to do this on my own?
                              
                         I thought not. Well, in case it gets 
                         hairy, remember... the most committed 
                         wins.

               Hub watches as she and Samir walk away.


                         I trust her about as far as I can 
                         throw her.


                         That far?



               They hurry through the park. Samir is extremely agitated, 
               eyes constantly darting from right to left.


                         This is not the way to the bath-house. 
                         You said to get a key from my uncle 
                         so that we --


                         Shhhhhh... If you'd stop whining 
                         you'd feel the surveillance.



               Colonel Hardwick, earphones on, overhearing them:


                         Wait for the light to turn yellow 
                         and then cross against the traffic.

               On Col. Hardwick's computer, a GRID MAP of Brooklyn.


                         -- North on Ditmas Avenue.


                         Sound garden's ready.



               On a nearby rooftop, an Army spotter uses a parabolic with a 
               gunsight. Another mic is in a woman's shopping bag; another 
               is in a twenty year-old's boom box.


                              
                         Sharon, please, I beg you. Do not 
                         make me do this. If they even dream 
                         we are being followed they will kill 
                         us.

               The light turns RED, they race across a crowded street.



               Where women in chadors carry mesh bags with tonight's meal.



               Nothing but a single bed with a dirty white sheet. Sharon 
               enters and turns on the TV... loud.


                         Sit.
                              (takes out a pocket-
                              knife)
                         Raise your arm.


                         What are you doing?

               She cuts the stitches under his armpit and begins to dig out 
               the transponder.


                         They cannot even dream we are being 
                         followed, isn't that what you said?

               Sharon very deliberately wipes her BLOODY HANDS on the WHITE 


               On TV, we SEE the MARCHERS in front of Brooklyn Borough hall.


                         "-- that we will not be made afraid 
                         to walk free in this great city. I 
                         say, march across the bridge and 
                         into the stadium. Demand the release 
                         of --

               Samir is staring at the TV.


                         It is all so... tragic.


                              
                         ...They're going to hit the march.


                         Arab and Jew, side by side. Black 
                         and White, Christian and Muslim --



               They appear as SPECTRAL images on Hardwick's microwave screen.


                         -- so American. Can you imagine a 
                         better target?


                              
                         Get me Devereaux.





               THE CROWD is getting fired up as the SPEAKER exhorts them. 
               SOLDIERS watch uneasily, not certain how to respond as the 
               crowd begins to CHANT, "No Fear! No fear!"

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Sharon goes to a closet and takes out some old clothes. She 
               TURNS OFF THE TV. Then:


                         Here. Put this on. We don't want our 
                         friends sweating too much while they 
                         wait.



               Hardwick speaks into a handset.


                         They're getting ready to move. Units 
                         1 and 2, on my signal --



               Seem to materialize out of nowhere -- boxing them in.




                         What the --



               Undercover FEDERAL AGENTS roust Army CID agents. An FBI agent 
               with a deep drawl, spread-eagles one against a building:


                         Hi, there, I'm new in town. Can you 
                         direct me to Carnegie Hall, or should 
                         I just go fuck myself --

               The NYPD under the command of Danny Sussman -- roll up the 
               rest of the sound garden -- examine the parabolic microphones.



               Blow off the rear door of the surveillance van. Frank enters 
               and looks around at all the high-tech, microwave technology.


                         Ah, microwave.



               In chadors, faces VEILED, descend a back staircase. Only as 
               their faces emerge from the shadows and are caught by a dim 
               bulb do we recognize Sharon and Samir.

               Sharon unlocks a metal door to reveal THE HIDDEN COURTYARD 
               of a neighboring building. She and Samir hurry through a 
               back alley and out into an adjacent street.



               Where several APC's suddenly roar up and BLOCK off the square. 
               Devereaux stands nearby, watching as:


                              
                         This is an unlawful gathering. You 
                         must disperse. I repeat --

               Soldiers in full RIOT GEAR emerge to form a battle line: 
               images of Selma, 1963; Chicago, 1968; Los Angeles, 1993.


                         Join together! Join hands!



               Arab clerics and Hassidic rabbis, Black civic leaders and 
               Hispanic gang members -- all continue to CHANT, "No fear!"


                         Nervously look at one another as the 
                         marchers begin to move.


                              
                         These soldiers carry live ammunition. 
                         This is your final warning.

               "No Fear... No Fear..." Devereaux watches in dread as the 
               marchers close the gap on the battle-line of anxious soldiers 
               is this why he became a soldier?

               A YOUNG GIRL unselfconsciously approaches a young soldier. 
               Looks into his eyes. Smiles. And walks past. Another marcher 
               walks right past a soldier, who does nothing to stop her. 
               Soon, they are all surging past the riot-line.

               DEVEREAUX watches, as something is revealed to him, something 
               about America that, until this moment, he had forgotten.



               Frank is fiddling with the new technology like a kid at 
               Christmas. But something is wrong. Where once there were TWO 
               GHOSTLY IMAGES of Samir and Sharon in the apartment -- now 
               there is NOTHING.



               The RADIO-SIGNAL of Samir's transmitter still registers as 
               an unmoving, steadily blinking light. Hub is watching the 
               building. Frank steps out the van, his face pale.


                         We've got a problem.



               Pound up the stairs of the building.



               Bursts open. Hub comes in low and fast. Frank comes in hard 
               on his heels.

               In the center of the otherwise empty room, the white sheet, 
               SMEARED IN BLOOD, is draped over a chair.


                         What the --

               Hub stares in dread fascination.


                         It's a shroud.

               And he's out the door in a heartbeat.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Frank and Hub listen to a playback of Sharon's conversation 
               with Samir on the digital recorders.


                         "...sweating too much while they 
                         wait."

               Frank looks up at Hub.


                         First she turns off the tv, then she 
                         says it.


                         She knew we were listening.

               It hits them both at the same time.


                         The hammam.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Hub and Frank hit the street at a dead run.



               Samir opens a padlocked door with a key. He and Sharon 
               disappear within.



               An Arab bath-house. Rays of sunlight play off the steaming 
               waters. Their footsteps ECHO off the tiled mosaic walls.

               Sequence omitted from original script.



               Samir kneels to touch the steaming water.


                         How soon are they coming?


                         They'll be here.

               He starts taking off his clothes.


                         What are you doing --?

               He finishes disrobing.



               He steps into the bath. With a sponge he washes his body.


                         What message do you have for them, 
                         Sharon?


                         I'll tell them when they're here.

               The DISTANT SOUND of the approaching MARCH echoes off the 
               tiled walls as Samir steps out of the purifying waters and 
               takes a towel from a hamper.


                         Nobody else is coming, is there?


                         That's right.

               From the hamper he takes a Sig-Sauer .9 automatic.


                         You're the last cell.


                         There will never be a last cell.
                              (racks the slide of 
                              the .9)
                         You should listen to the young men 
                         in that stadium. It is just beginning.

               Sharon watches, in dread fascination, as he takes a white 
               egyptian-cotton FUNERAL SHROUD and drops it over his head.



               Are streaming down the street.

               Hub and Frank desperately fight their way through a wild, 
               almost "carnival" feel.



               Reflected in the purifying waters, Samir is putting civilian 
               clothes on over the shroud -- still holding the .9 on Sharon.


                         How could I have missed the play --


                              
                         It was the money. You believe money 
                         is power. Belief is power.


                         -- Just tell me we didn't finance 
                         your operation...


                              
                         The world is a wheel. So... what 
                         message do you have for me, Sharon?


                         They're going to release him.


                         Praise God. When will he be free --?


                         A few months at most. First, they 
                         have to bring him to trial, but --

               He turns away from her, opening the hamper.


                              
                         -- No.


                         -- But... that's what you want, isn't 
                         it? Why you've done all this --



               Comes next. Velcro straps fasten the belt around his chest.


                         No. It's not.

               He comes to stand beside her.


                         I want you to bleed... as we have 
                         bled.


                         Samir, the Koran preaches --


                         Do not speak to me of the Koran, 
                         woman.
                              
                         You take our leader. A holy man. You 
                         put him in prison for preaching the 
                         word of God. You must learn the 
                         consequences of trying to tell the 
                         world how to live.


                              
                         But it's over, your point's been 
                         made, why spill any more blood? Those 
                         poor people out there in the street, 
                         they're fucking marching for your 
                         cause...


                         Yes.
                              (fastens the last 
                              strap on his semtex 
                              harness)
                         And they, too, will become its 
                         martyrs.

               A VOICE from the top of the stairs:


                         Let her go and you'll live.

               Samir looks up, sees Hub aiming his .45. But Sharon is between 
               them, blocking his shot.

               From outside, we HEAR the sound of the marchers' CHANTING, 
               "No Fear...! No Fear...!" Samir HEARS it, too.


                         Move away from the door.





                         Let her go and you'll live --





                              








               They're all SCREAMING at once. Still Samir keeps inching 
               toward the stairs. Hub blocks the way.


                         No way you're going out there.

               Samir jams the gun into Sharon's ribs.




               Sharon's eyes meet Hubs'.


                         Shoot.


                         Shut up.


                         Shoot.




               Samir is edging ever closer. Starting up the stairs. Sharon's 
               eyes plead with Hub, begging for a kind of unholy redemption.









                              
                         You... promised...

               Hub's finger tightens on the trigger. But then slowly, almost 
               imperceptibly at first, he lowers his gun.


                              
                         No --!!!


                         It is God's will.

               His left hand moves imperceptibly toward the RIPCORD of the 
               explosive device.


                         If there is a God, he weeps at the 
                         crimes we commit in his name.



               Rips through Sharon into Samir, blowing them both backwards.



               Is to Samir's hand as it reaches for the ripcord.



               Is a killing headshot. Rolling him into the baths.



               Blooms in the cleansing water. The funeral shroud billows.



               Still rings in the tiled room as Hub kneels beside Sharon.


                              
                         Officer down. OFFICER DOWN --!


                         Is... he... dead?


                         ...Shhhhhhh...


                              
                         ...no... regrets...

               Hub cradles her head.


                         You... knew.


                              
                         I... wondered.



               Appears at the top of the steps. Behind him, two PARAMEDICS 
               race down to kneel beside Sharon. Hub is pushed aside as 
               they begin triage -- but it doesn't look good as suddenly, 
               she begins to convulse.


                         Sharon... SHARON --


                         ... Emma... My name... is Emma.

               And then she begins to mumble, at first incoherently, and 
               then more clearly. We realize she's speaking Arabic.


                         -- what are you? I don't...

               And then Frank is standing above them. Tears in his eyes.


                              
                         "I... seek refuge... king of kings..."

               And Hub suddenly understands: she is preparing for her own 
               death. He holds her as she continues to pray in and out of 
               her two native tongues. Until, at last:


                              
                         Allah Ahkbar. God is great --


                         Allah Ahkbar --


                         Amen.

               And she's gone.



               A block away, we can see the Marchers pass by. The chant of 
               "No Fear..." fades into the distance. But Hub has already 
               turned his back and is hurrying away.





               Hub hurries toward the Courthouse.



               JUDGE FRANKEL opens the door. He is taken aback by the blood 
               on Hub's clothes.


                         I want to talk about a free society.





               Where Devereaux is watching coverage of the march.


                         -- "a very moving moment in which 
                         the people of a city step forward to 
                         declare their courage and solidarity --

               He looks up to see Hub. He's carrying the ACCORDION FILE 
               that the Chief of Staff gave him.


                         Agent Hubbard, do you want to tell 
                         me exactly what you mean detaining 
                         Colonel Hardwick and six of my CID 
                         staff. Because that strikes me as a 
                         very peculiar idea of interagency 
                         liaison.


                         The last cell has been taken down. 
                         It was Samir. I took him out.


                         What makes you so sure he was the 
                         last cell?


                         Sharon.


                         Sharon is not trustworthy.


                         Sharon is dead. She gave her life.
                              (takes a piece of 
                              paper from his pocket)
                         This is a writ from the US District 
                         Court releasing all those being held 
                         here without habeus corpus.


                         My authority supersedes the civilian 
                         judiciary under the decree of martial 
                         law.
                              
                         Sorry.


                         Your authority ends now. It's all 
                         over.


                         What's over.


                              
                         They're going to release him.


                         Release him?


                         The Sheik.
                              (holds up the Chief 
                              of Staff's' file)
                         Clear violation of international 
                         law, Congressional oversight statutes, 
                         a couple of treaties, the Federal 
                         perjury statute, and my favorite, 
                         the Logan Act, for conducting your 
                         own personal foreign policy.
                              
                         I know the whole story, General.


                         You don't know shit. Poor suffering 
                         Sharon and her poor suffering people. 
                         It's called "going native" -- the 
                         most elementary error of an 
                         intelligence operative and she made 
                         it. She had all of you working for 
                         her and she was working for them 
                         without even knowing it. And now 
                         they're getting exactly what they 
                         want, which is the Sheik will be 
                         back in the mix. But ten times as 
                         strong, because now he's the big man 
                         who stood up to the Americans.
                              
                         I did what was necessary. I make no 
                         apologies. If you think you're going 
                         to be able to use that file against 
                         me, you know even less about politics 
                         than I imagined.


                         General. I'm not in politics. You 
                         can have this back. I won't use it.

               Hub hands him the file. Devereaux takes it.


                         Because you don't have the balls.
                              
                         Did you expect me to get all weepy 
                         with gratitude? You serve your 
                         country.
                              
                         Is there anything else?

               Hub would love to just... clock him. Instead:


                         I said I wasn't in politics. I'm 
                         not. I'm in law enforcement.

               He takes his gun from its shoulder holster.


                         William Devereaux, you are under 
                         arrest for the torture and murder of 
                         Tariq Husseini under color of 
                         authority, United States Code Title 
                         42, Chapter 21, Subchapter 1, Sections 

                              
                         Surrender your weapon.

               Behind them, a COMMOTION as Frank and several agents force 
               their way into the room, followed by REPORTERS, who shout 
               questions as STROBES and VIDEOTAPE record the arrest.



               An NYPD car -- Devereaux within, pulls away, lights flashing.



               Emerge from tunnel and into the waiting arms of their mothers, 
               the tearful smiles of their wives and children. Hub and Frank 
               stand there, watching the reunions.


                              
                         Did we win or did we lose --?

               Hub has no answer. No one has the answer.






