







                            Written by

                          Armen Evrensel




                                                November 12th 2011





         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   1.







     A glowing blue box like a large toaster  sits
     in a sterile lab shelf, plugged in. A rubber duck sits on a
     cluttered desk. GARY PINBACK  identified by "Gary"
     stitched on a white lab coat - enters frame, unplugs the box
     and shoves it in a duffle bag nervously (his face framed out
     of this entire montage). An ALARM SOUNDS. RED SIREN LIGHT
     splashes into frame. Opening credits play on walls and other
     surfaces of this montage before and after Gary runs through
     frames.
     Gary goes to a desk and rushes to steal stationary, staplers,
     pencils, a calculator etc; he sweeps the desk surface junk
     with his arm into the duffle bag on top of the Time Cube. He
     picks up the rubber duck and shoves it in his pocket.



     A white lab coat fills the frame then reveals Gary running
     away. Gary's feet running. Duffle bag in frame.
     HIGH ANGLE: long hall, following Gary running.
     ANGLE ON DOOR: it's marked SPACEPORT LEVEL 4, Gary slams into
     it and runs through.
     LOW ANGLE: Gary runs through long high ceiling hall away from
     camera. Red Siren light spins on the wall. Gary goes through
     the far door.
     Gary slips and wipes out, spilling his stationary. He grabs
     his time cube bag and duck and keeps running.



     MEDIUM CLOSE: Gary throws the bag into a hatch and climbs in
     after it, closes the hatch, spins the handle from the inside.
     It's marked with decals reading CARGO DRONE 9.
     A blast door lowers into frame covering the drone and we hear




     A few space stations, shuttles and satellites fly around. A
     sparse ring of garbage circles the looming earth.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   2.


    Cargo Drone 9 - small space shuttle cruises away from Earth,
    with matching hatch and markings from scene 1C on rear.

              Unauthorized shuttle, return to
              Antarctica Research Station
              immediately! This is your final
              warning!

              Okay, blast it.
    LASER BLASTS originating from Earth narrowly miss the
    shuttle.
    A FLASH OF LIGHT - the shuttle is gone without a trace.

              Where did it go? Did you get it?

              I'm not reading anything. Must have
              totally vaporized it.

              Nice shot.
    Elevator music plays O.S. We float back to reveal the WASS
    8518 REGINA STATION in orbit.



    JIMMY ANDERSON  wears a jumpsuit with utility belt, has a
    small rolling suitcase, and a bunch of papers in the other
    hand. Elevator music. He stands waiting in a small industrial-
    looking passage with heavy duty inner and outer doors. A red
    light. He's sweating, pale. He presses the button repeatedly.

              Do you have any fruits, vegetables,
              or other food products?

              No.

              Fever, stuffy nose, cold symptoms?

              No.
    Jimmy sneezes.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   3.



               Allergies.

               Have you worked on the WENDI series
               computer systems before?

               You still have a WENDI?
     The light turns green and the inner door opens, Jimmy enters
     the space station airlock module.
     A sign above the airlock says: "REMEMBER ALL ACCIDENTS IN
     SPACE ARE SERIOUS ACCIDENTS". Jimmy sneezes again, wipes his
     nose, offers his hand to shake. He reads Anton's name tag.

               Captain Balvenie?

               Call me Anton.
     ANTON BALVENIE  snatches the documents, and walks away as
     he reads. Jimmy follows him.

               We're very informal around here.



     Jimmy follows Anton in a walk `N Talk. The walls have yellow
     blast shields over the windows.

               Jimmy Anderson, United Spaceworkers
               Orbital 108 since 2147, allergic to
               pollen. Certified level... nine
               rating?

               Engineer level nine rating.
     Anton is unimpressed. Jimmy stops to poke a panel with a
     loose wire.

               Level 9 engineers aren't rated for
               central systems repair.

               No, they are. I am. Do you want me
               to go back?
     Anton corners Jimmy.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   4.



              We got you up here, I'll put you to
              work.

              Great. This is my first orbital
              assignment.

              Let me clue you in. Up here the
              work never stops. There's always
              orbital debris piling up and
              someone has to be in each sector
              with a line of sight on it to keep
              launch vectors clear. Do you follow
              me?

              No problem chief.

              I'm not a chief I'm a Captain.

              Sorry, Captain.
    They keep walking, reaching the junction at the end.

              Just make sure you finish by zero
              eight hundred Zulu. I'm not signing
              overtime forms. Do you know how to
              fix mess hall food dispensers?

              No. Maybe. What's the matter?

              All it's giving is sandwiches.
              That's your next job after the
              mainframe.






    Computer monitors with important data cover the walls, there
    are six stations with rotating chairs and an island of
    consoles in the middle. Flight Specialist TILDA GENERO 
    has her feet up, headphones on. The door opens and Jimmy
    follows Anton into the control room.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   5.



              The terminal on the fritz is over
              there.
    Jimmy sees Tilda.

              That's Lieutenant Tilda Genero. You
              don't need to talk to her.
    Tilda glances at him and turns her chair away from him.
    Jimmy drags his suitcase, hitting everything, and dumps out
    electronic junk near the terminal. He opens up a panel near a
    screen showing static.

              There's your problem.
    Jimmy digs around in the panel with wires sticking out.

              And the sonovac coffee machine is
              malfunctioning. Can you fix that?

              I don't know. I might have to take
              the mainframe offline to fix this-

              Whatever, get it done.
    Anton goes to another terminal and uses the computer.

              What's his problem?
    Tilda ignores him.

              I said, what's his problem? ... I
              guess you can't hear me with your
              headphones on.

              I can hear you.



        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   6.




    In big naval ship name letters it says "WASS-8518 REGINA" on
    the dirty run-down and decaying sanitation station.
    FLASH OF LIGHT: The cargo shuttle appears out of nowhere,
    flying away from the Earth as it was before.



    Tilda has her feet up, she listens to the radio chatter, not
    caring in the least. She presses a few buttons. Jimmy tests
    circuits in the background. She adjusts her headphones.
    Computer monitors show generic scrolling text, radar sweeps
    and simple iconographic status displays in the background.

              Orbital control, this is ground
              control, come in please.

              What's shaking Steve?

              Oh hey Bill. Was Antarctica station
              looking for a missing shuttle
              earlier today?

              Roger that. Did you find it?

              Thing is I have an unregistered
              shuttle here tagged with a high
              probability of debris collision. No
              life signs on board. Think it's the
              same one?

              Negative ground control. The one
              Antarctica lost had a passenger.



    The small drone appears moving  slowly toward the
    general area of the Regina station.
    A METAL SCREW floats in space . The drone is
    coming toward the screw from the distance.

              Take a look at the collision
              warning. I read station eight five
              one eight in your sector.

Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   6A.


       Sanitation Station Regina. Better
       get them on it. Are you going to
       come to poker night?
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   7.



              You know it Steve. See you next
              Wednesday.



    Tilda lazily leans over and presses the button.

              Sanitation station eight five-

              Station Regina here. I've been
              monitoring. We're not reading
              debris in our sector.

              Why don't you check again.
    Tilda is annoyed and hits some buttons.

              It's probably a sensor glitch.

              That's a negative, the debris
              appears to be between class 2 and
              class 3. Can you whack it with a
              proton beam?

              Ground control, it's too big for a
              proton beam if it's class 3. You
              know that.
    Anton comes over to Tilda and looks at the monitor.

              What do they want now?

              A cargo drone is coming through.
              They've got a collision alarm.

              Looks too small for a laser sweep.

              Probably just a false alarm. What
              do you want me to tell them?

              Do you want me to take a look at
              the sensors?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   8.



               No. Keep working.
     Anton hits some keys, then presses the radio button.

               This is Captain Balvenie of
               sanitation station eight five one
               eight. Who the hell is telling my
               operations officer how to do her
               job?

               Balvenie-

               You have to send someone else. Our
               main computer is down for service.

               Hold on... Now I've got Antarctica
               station telling me it's a priority
               one situation.

               Not our problem. The book says it's
               too small for lasers. Check your
               book down there.

               How about a particle beam?

               Where's Valentina? Why am I dealing
               with these guys? It's her shift.



     An intercom on the wall next to a bunch of bubbles. VALENTINA
     NOVAK  takes a bubble bath in a water tank, with a rubber
     duck. A towel is hung on equipment nearby. Anton sounds like
     he puts the mic too close to his mouth.

               Valentina to the control room
               immediately please. Valentina to
               the control room.

               How about you just take a pod out
               there and pick up the debris?
     She turns to listen to the voices on the intercom.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   9.



               We don't take pods out for class
               two debris.



     Continuous. Anton practically eats a headset microphone.

               Sanitation Station Regina out.
     Anton switches off the radio.

               Morons.

               Did he just tell us to take a pod
               to look for a class 2 object?
     Jimmy hangs out next to Tilda.

               Do you know where can I get lunch?

               Mess hall.

               Can you show me the way?

               Oh, you'd like lunch? Know what I'd
               like? I'd like my computer fixed
               right now. Fix it.

               Ok Anton.

               That's Captain Balvenie.



     The cargo drone ship cruises along.
     It's approaching the metal screw floating in space.
     SMASH - the drone hits the screw and EXPLODES.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   10.




      Red lights and indicators flash. A siren sounds. Tilda and
      Anton leap into action at the controls. Jimmy comes over.

                What's that? Is everything ok?

                Collision detected. Secondary
                explosion. Reading a level six
                debris field out there. Lots of it.

                Are there any salvage crews in the
                sector?

                Nope. But they're scrambling two
                teams. They must really want the
                pod.

                You think there's something good in
                there?

                That's my bet.

                Well I'm calling it.

                What happened? Is that the
                collision alarm?

                Match orbit and position for pod
                launch. Run the checklist.
                Valentina report to airlock two.
                We're going fishing.
      Anton runs out.



      The siren sounds over the intercom. Valentina towels off. She
      zips up her jumpsuit and runs out.



      Jimmy comes over to Tilda again. She turns off the sirens.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   11.



               Do you get down to Earth much?
     Tilda turns around from her terminal.

               I need to monitor the salvage
               operation.

               Do you always share a salvage bonus
               with the entire crew?

               Three way split.

               But we're four including me.

               You didn't sign in. You're not
               crew.
     Tilda puts on her headphones and turns away from Jimmy.

               Where's the sign-in sheet?
     Tilda points at her headphones without turning to him.

               I'll sign in later I guess.






     Anton heroically puts on a space suit and gear. Valentina
     comes in.

               Are we saying three way split on
               salvage?

               I'm not cutting in the new guy.

               That's the good space suit.

               I got here first. And you handle
               the heat better.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   12.



               Forget it then.
     Anton takes off his space-pants and hands them to Valentina.

               Fine, fine. There's nothing wrong
               with the other suit anyway. I don't
               care.

               I just took a bath.

               I said fine.
     Anton takes the other suit. It's very smelly. He takes off
     his shirt and pants and they both dress in space suits.
     [Simple montage of zipping, buckling, boots, gloves.]



     A grungy old salvage pod moves away from the Regina and
     thrusts off into space toward a burning debris cloud.



     Valentina and Anton are squashed up next to each other at the
     controls of the small pod, helmets on laps, wearing headsets.

               Why are we bothering with this?

               This could be the haul we've been
               waiting for. They're flipping out
               over this cargo drone.

               What is it?

               I don't know. It must be worth
               something.

               If there's a big salvage bonus, I
               want to go somewhere with a beach.
               Looks like something over there.

               Ya I see it. Line us up.
     They work the controls.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   13.



               Sanitation Pod, do not approach the
               debris field. The area will be
               salvaged by an authorized crew.
               Repeat; do not approach the cargo
               drone debris field, this now is a
               secure sector.

               Ground control, this is our sector
               and we need to keep this space
               clear. We got all kinds of
               transports coming through today.

               Negative. Stand down-
     Anton turns off the radio.

               They really want whatever was on
               that shuttle. It's going to be
               good.
     Anton pulls out sandwiches from a pouch with difficulty and
     eats.

               Did you bring one for me?
     Anton hands her a sandwich.

               Veggie? Have you got ham?

               You got the good space suit.
     Valentina looks at him, stops steering the pod.

               Fine. God damn it. Take the ham.
     He gives her the ham sandwich. They eat and fly the pod.



     The pod scoots through a cloud of junk and boxes floating and
     spinning in space.



        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   14.




     Anton and Valentina flip switches and use joysticks.

               Almost full. Lets dump this load
               and try for another pass.

               Got it. Closing the hatch. Hatch
               secure. Looks like there may be an
               active energy source in there.
     A clunk noise. Anton checks his watch.

               It's fine. Skip the safety check,
               we've got two minutes left. Once
               it's onboard, it's ours.






     The room has salvage bins, heavy machinery, gamma ray
     detectors, piles of cables and garbage everywhere. Large
     pieces of burned space junk dump into the room through a
     hatch. Gary's Time Cube falls in. It glows ominous blue. It
     starts to HUMM.
     A FLASH OF LIGHT ripples out of the box!



     Anton pulls up a handle like a parking brake. The sounds of
     hydraulic pistons O.S.
     Outside the window there's a Super Bright FLASH that shines
     on their faces from windows above.

               Did they just shoot at us?

               I don't know. Hold on.

               I'm seeing spots.

               Sensors are down.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   15.




     The Regina station floats alone in space, the pod docked on
     the side. There's nothing except the Earth below, and no city
     lights shine on the surface. No junk, no other ships or
     stations in space.



     Anton and Val press buttons and look at screens.

               Where's the debris field?

               Where's everything?
     They stare at the monitors, growing confused.

               You guys ok?

               Tilda, look out the window. Are you
               seeing anything? The pod sensors
               are blank.



     Tilda is fully awake for once. She pushes buttons. Anton's
     voice is a little garbled from holding the microphone too
     close to his mouth. He always does this, and makes the crew
     strain to hear him.

               Tilda, can you raise ground
               control?

               Ground control, come in. Ground
               control switch to emergency
               channel. Ground control?
     Jimmy leans on the console next to her, holding circuits he's
     testing with a probe tool.

               It's not the sensors. Something
               happened. We're heading back in.

               It sounds like he might be holding
               the microphone too close.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11    16.



               You think so?



     Anton and Valentina are in the airlock. The light turns green
     and they come out. Tilda helps them with their space suits.

               Any luck with Ground control?

               There's no response. On any
               channel. There was a bright flash
               of light. Did you see that?

               Yeah, we saw it too.

               Was it a Solar flare?

               Maybe. Doesn't seem like it.
     A strange HUMMING SOUND starts. Jimmy pokes his head in.

               Good salvage?

               Who said you could take a break?

               Are you ok?

               We're fine. I'll get on the coms.
               Check out what that humming noise
               is. We might have taken damage.

               Report to me in ten.
     Tilda rolls her eyes and goes.

               What can I do?
     Valentina shoves her space suit into Jimmy's hands. She and
     Anton walk off in the other direction. Jimmy tries to hang up
     the space suits on the rack. They don't fit. He tries again.
     Jimmy drops the space suits and follows after Tilda.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   17.




      Tilda walks past large devices, storage tanks, incinerators
      and cargo containers. The HUMMING is louder. She sees the
      Time Cube glowing with blue light.
      A FLASH OF LIGHT! The humming dies down. Tilda looks around
      the scary, poorly lit and greasy room.
      Tilda turns suddenly and sees ANOTHER TILDA, in a dirtier
      jumpsuit, walking towards her. They both stop and stare at
      each other.

                Who the hell are you?
      TILDA2 is disoriented and scared. Her jumpsuit has different
      computer symbols instead of standard station number stencils.



      Jimmy walking looking for Tilda hears A SCREAM O.S. He goes
      around a corner at the end of the hall where it came from.



      Tilda2's arms framed, stuffing a female human leg into a
      hatch marked ORGANIC WASTE RECYCLING. She bends down and
      picks up a clean dry Tilda jumpsuit off the floor.
      Around the corner in a different area of the room, Jimmy
      pokes his head in and looks around.

                Tilda?
      Jimmy finds a way around a large machine just as Tilda2 zips
      up her jumpsuit, facing away. She has strange geometric lines
      like tatoos on her back. He's struck by her picturesque
      beauty and doesn't realize he's staring. She turns and meets
      eyes with him. He's very embarrassed and ducks back behind
      the machine.

                Is this the laundry room? I was
                looking for the mess hall. Sorry if
                I surprised you. I thought I heard
                something. I didn't see anything.
      The heavy machinery starts grinding and humming. CRUNCHING,
      SAWING AND SPLATTERING SOUNDS. The light turns from red to
      green.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   18.



               Okay well I'll see you on the
               bridge. Sorry.
     Jimmy turns and starts to head out, bumping into Tilda2 with
     a start. She's different; dissociated, laconic, very nervous.

               I was just going.
     Tilda2  stares at him, shivering.

               Hey, what's the matter?
     Jimmy pats her shoulder. She looks up and they meet eyes.

               Are you ok?
     She turns and runs away. Jimmy watches her go out the hatch.

               You forgot your shoes!
     Jimmy picks up some sneakers. He doesn't notice blood
     dripping out from below the organic waste reprocessor as he
     goes.



     The HUMMING SOUND again: The Time Cube sits in deep shadows,
     glowing with faint blue light - the light dims and the
     humming stops.



     The wall is marked W.E.N.D.I. Orbital Station System
     Computer. Jimmy sits next to the computer with Tilda's
     sneakers. Wendi has a female voice this scene only.
     Jimmy hits buttons on the keyboard. The computer turns on.

               Wendi?

               Hello Jimmy.

               Where is the laundry room?

               Deck C.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   19.



               Does Tilda have a boyfriend?
     The intercom buzzes. Anton voice is distorted to the edge of
     comprehensibility.

               Jimmy, how are the repairs coming?
               Jimmy? Get on the intercom Jimmy.

               Anton?

               You'd better be getting all over
               this mainframe problem. I want
               hourly reports every half hour.

               I can't understand-

               Just get on it, God damn it!

               Roger that.
     Jimmy opens the top binder from a tall stack of binders. The
     screen turns off.

               Wendi?
     He hits buttons. It doesn't work now.



     The vast view of the Earth from space. Pretty. The sunrise
     terminator approaches Western Canada, as we drift slowly
     backwards into peaceful space. Nothing else is in orbit. The
     Sanitation Station comes into view.



     Jimmy sips juice from a sippy cup and goes back to soldering
     wires in an open panel near the screen. He wears safety
     goggles, reads from a technical binder marked SONOVAC SYSTEMS
     REPAIR. The tall stack of binders is now a mess of them
     opened, scattered around.



       Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   19A.




     Valentina sits at the communications station and holds a
     radio microphone. Anton works at consoles across the room.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   20.



          This is the western alliance
          sanitation station Regina, in
          orbit, does anyone receive this
          message? Please respond. This is
          the sanitation station Regina,
          Please respond.
She puts down the microphone, tweaks some knobs and pushes
some buttons.
Anton comes over to her and presses buttons at her station.

          What are you doing?

          I'm trying to figure out what
          you're doing wrong.
She slams shut a procedure binder. Jimmy comes in.

          Have you got the mainframe back up?

          It's taking me a bit longer than I
          thought. I might need to call down
          for some parts.

          There's nothing out there.

          I don't see how that's possible. It
          has to be a communications problem.

          We're having a communication
          problem right now. I'm telling you
          there's nothing out there. We need
          Wendi to do an analysis.

          Why didn't anyone tell me? I have
          to get back to Earth.

          That's not happening any time soon.

          So we're stranded.
The full weight of their predicament settles on them.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   21.




     A large table, kitchenette, free weights, shake weight, book
     shelf with board games. Val's Rubber Duckie sits on the shelf
     with a few other personal items. Anton cycles an elliptical
     exercise machine. Valentina comes in with leotards and
     stretches next to him. Anton stops.

               Any luck?

               No.

               You're worried. Don't worry. We're
               going to be fine.
     He leans in to give her a kiss, she leans away from his kiss
     as she stretches. He sits to stretch next to her.

               I'm going to put in for
               reassignment.

               Not this again. Val-

               There's always something on deep
               space transports. A chance to see
               the galaxy a little.

               It's all the same.

               Then maybe I'll realize what I'm
               missing and come back.

               What about us? What about me?

               I'm sick of you. I want to puke
               every time I hear your voice. You
               completely disgust me in every way.

               If this is because of the other
               night, I already told you that was
               because of the bad egg sandwiches I
               ate after the refrigeration system
               went down. That was a one-off
               thing.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   22.



               It isn't because you had
               indigestion.

               Is it the sex?

               The sex is fine.

               Then what's your problem?
     She continues her stretching and workout.



     Tilda pokes a water filtration system. A sign says DANGER
     HIGH VOLTAGE. She pokes the wires. A SNAP of high voltage
     short circuit. She takes out her finger, it's burnt a little.
     She pokes the power box again, searching and exploring,
     unfamiliar with the world around her and troubled.



     Jimmy, Anton and Val play scrabble. Val makes a word.

               "Giraffe." Eighteen points.
     Anton writes down the score. Jimmy turns the board to face
     him. Jimmy places tiles as he eats his soy protein sandwich.
     He spells "blorxr" and writes down his points. Valentina
     eyeballs him. Anton rotates the game board. He ponders what
     word to make. He moves his letters around.

               That's not a word.

               Do I have to play?

               We need to take breaks. Keep to a
               schedule. Schedule says scrabble.
               How's your sandwich?

               Not very good.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   23.



          Well that's all there is until
          breakfast tomorrow.

          What's for breakfast?

          Sandwiches.

          Thirty seconds Anton.

          Is there anything to eat besides
          sandwiches?

          Can you repair food dispensers?

          No.

          Well then there's nothing else.

          Twenty seconds.

          So Jimmy, is there someone back on
          earth waiting for you?

          Yes. I have a girlfriend.

          Do you actually have a girlfriend?

          There's a girl I'm friends with, I
          was planning on asking her to out.

          Are you actually friends?

          We know each other. I know her.

          Times up Anton. Minus one point.
Tilda comes in and looks through the cupboards in the
kitchen.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   24.



          Hi Tilda. Want a sandwich? We saved
          you the pickled onion and cheese.
She ignores them.

          What are you looking for? What's
          she looking for?

          Fifteen seconds overtime. Hurry up
          and make a word.

          I'm making a word.
Tilda knocks little containers around searching the
cupboards. She carelessly knocks things off the shelf.

          Five seconds.

          Tilda would you stop making that
          racket? What the hell are you
          looking for?

          You need to make decisions faster.

          I don't rush into things and make
          irrational snap decisions, like
          some people.

          Leaving you isn't a snap decision.

          It's totally inexplicable.
Jimmy gets up.

          You guys need a minute?

          Sit down. We're playing scrabble.
A FLASH outside the window. Tilda turns, very scared, and
looks out the window. Jimmy goes to the window next to her.

          What was that?
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   25.


     SMASH! The sound of an impact, like a car accident. The room
     trembles. METAL CREAKING NOISES. Things jiggle and fall off
     the shelves. Tilda stares at Jimmy, scared.
     Val and Anton are bracing themselves for more. The shaking
     stops.

               That was an impact.



     Red lights blink, warnings flash on monitors. Valentina and
     Anton run in and sit, hit buttons. Jimmy takes a station and
     presses buttons too, scared.

               Pressure nominal. Jimmy, check the
               CNW3. That thing there.

               I don't know what I'm looking at.

               Orbital position? Jimmy?

               Orbital position is...

               The other console.

               Got it. The fail-safe thrusters
               kicked in. Orbit is stable.
     Tilda comes in and sits at a console, hits buttons.

               Nice of you to join us, Tilda.
     Valentina looks through binders stacked on a shelf, finds
     one, pulls it, and flips to a page.

               Collision checklist?

               Working on it.

               Where did it hit us?
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   26.


     Jimmy's computer screen shows the exterior of the space
     station - a DENTED PANEL with something yellow stuck in it.
     The screen is too fuzzy to tell what it is. Anton looks over
     Jimmy's shoulder.

               What is that?

               It looks like... I don't know. An
               asteroid would have done more
               damage.

               It's small... and yellow.



     Anton, suited up puts on his helmet, presses buttons and
     steps into the airlock. He resolutely presses the button to
     close the door. Red lights flood the airlock.



     Valentina, Tilda and Jimmy watch the monitors.

               He's almost there. He's got it.
               Tilda, make sure our orbit is
               locked. Tilda!
     Tilda sits facing away from them, worried.

               Snap out of it Tilda.

               Why don't you give her a break?

               Did you say something?

               Take it easy.

               Don't get on my bad side Jimmy.

               Val, meet me in the airlock module
               right away.
     Tilda turns to face them.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   27.







      Valentina Tilda and Jimmy wait by the doors. The red light
      comes on in the airlock. Anton is in the airlock in full
      space gear. Red light turns off inside airlock. AIR HISSING
      SOUND. The inner airlock hatch opens.
      Valentina helps Anton off with his helmet. In his gloved hand
      is a slightly burned rubber duckie. Anton takes off his suit
      top and pants, down to his underwear.

                Hmm.

                Is this your rubber duckie?

                It looks like it.

                It was dented into the outer hull.
      Valentina takes the duckies and walks off.

                How did this get into space?

                You tell me.
      Anton follows her.



      Valentina sits at the table. Two rubber ducks on the table -
      her regular one and the slightly burned one from space. Anton
      comes over to her with Jimmy, in his underwear. Tilda sits at
      the far end.

                How many of those things do you
                have?

                One.
      Anton picks them up, looks them all over, looks at the
      bottoms. One says V+G, the other says G+V underneath.

                They're identical. Why would you
                deny it's yours?
Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   27A.



        Because it's not.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   28.


     Jimmy looks at the ducks.

               They're not identical. See?
     Tilda comes between them and checks out the ducks urgently.
     Jimmy leans in next to her.

               What is it Tilda?

               Do you know something about this?
     Tilda walks away.

               Has she said anything today?

               Not to me.

               She's acting weird.

               I hadn't noticed.






     The station's orbit comes into the sunlight.



     Jimmy wakes up. His clock says "06:00". He has bed-head.



     Anton practices martial arts with multiple styles in his
     karate gear. Jimmy passes by, gets a sandwich.

               Your shift started ten minutes ago.
     Valentina sips coffee at the table as Jimmy walks past.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   29.



               Coffee machine is still broken. It
               barely made one cup so there's
               nothing left for you. Fix it today
               please.
     Jimmy walks past Val's room, glances in. From his pov sees...






     Tilda searches through the drawers and rummages around
     everywhere. A duckie on the table. Jimmy comes to the door.

               Did you lose something?
     Tilda puts her finger to her lips like Shhhh and walks past
     him out into the hall.






     Jimmy has a three-ring binder marked `"W.E.N.D.I." - CENTRAL
     COMPUTER - REPAIR OPS MANUAL'. He peels open a foil-wrapped
     sandwich and eats while he reads.

               Wendi?
     Nothing happens. He presses some buttons and reads more.
     Jimmy kicks the computer in frustration.
     Tilda comes in. She looks all around the room and at the
     computer.

               Oh hey Tilda! What are you looking
               for?
     Tilda pokes the computer.

               Have you worked in space a long
               time? I'm still getting used to it.
               I thought I'd like it better. A lot
               less excitement than I figured. I
               guess it's a good thing though -
               after what happened to Earth.

   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   30.


          I mean, whatever happened out there
          we're still alive. What do you
          think happened?
Tilda looks at Jimmy. She places her hand on the computer.

          I'm testing the circuits coming off
          the recursive logic decoupler for a
          memory leak. Want to help?
Tilda kicks the computer. The computer screen flickers on and
numbers scroll on the monitor.

          Why don't you say anything?
Jimmy hits the intercom button.

          Anton? I fixed the computer.
Tilda sits down and flips through a binder. Jimmy sits close
to her.

          I know you're looking for
          something. I can help. Just tell
          me.
Tilda is about to say something- but Valentina comes in.

          You did it. Took you long enough.
Anton comes in.

          Finally! Wendi?

          It's loading.
The screen settles on the "W.A.S.S. REGINA" station logo.

          Wendi? Respond.
The computer's voice is glitchy at first, then improves. It
now sounds male.

          Bleep Blorp Hello Commander
          Balvenie.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   31.



          Why does it have a man's voice?

          Human interface systems are
          operating at default settings.

          I like the old voice better. Fix
          the voice.

          Wendi; status report.
Numbers scroll on the screen. Cryptic shapes. Progress bars.

          Several systems are sub-nominal
          including communications, vector
          processing and memory modules 23 to
          93. Logs show a collision has
          occurred.

          That was the rubber duck.
Jimmy types on the keyboard.

          Well done, Jimmy.

          Wendi, can you reach ground
          control?
Numbers scroll on the screen.

          No communications. Relay stations
          not responding. Initial analysis is
          negative.

          Wendi, what happened to us?
The computer screens flicker off with a `power down' sound.

          Wendi?
They look at Jimmy with every kind of hate.

          I don't know what happened.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   32.


      Valentina leaves, brushing past Jimmy.

                Fix it.

                I think Tilda can help.

                Sure. She's useless to me. Tilda,
                help Jimmy.
      Tilda walks away.

                Or go. That's fine too. Work on
                that attitude Tilda. Am I the only
                one trying to maintain order on
                this station? I'm telling you it's
                lonely at the top.
      Jimmy tries to appreciate this.






      [No yellow shields on windows.] Jimmy wanders down the hall,
      wearing one of Anton's jumpsuits, reading the technical
      binder. It's darker. Tilda is standing looking out the window
      into space, with her reflection in the glass.

                Hi Tilda. Trouble sleeping?
      Tilda looks at him.

                Want to play scrabble?



      Tilda and Jimmy are in the middle of a scrabble game.

                What's happening to us Tilda?
                What's with the rubber ducks?
      She looks at him.

                Anton thinks you're space-crazy.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   33.


     Tilda makes the word "oxyphenbutazone" and looks at him.

               Sometimes you do seem kind of
               distant.
     Tilda turns the board to face her.

               I guess you're just dealing with
               things in your own way.
     Tilda has an idea! She grabs all the tiles and starts making
     words. SECRET. INTRUDER ON BOARD. DANGER.
     Jimmy leans over looking. Tilda is very serious.
     Anton leans in .

               You have to connect the words.
     Jimmy knocks the board up in nervous reaction to hide the
     message.

               Did I startle you? I'm everywhere
               Jimmy. I've got my eye on you. Is
               that my jumpsuit? Who said you
               could wear my jumpsuit?

               I didn't pack anything else.

               You have to earn that uniform. You
               can't just put it on. Wash it
               carefully, fold it and put it back.
     Jimmy gets up, hesitantly leaves Tilda.

               And you, shape up.
     Anton goes to his quarters.



     Valentina looks at her 2 rubber ducks, Anton comes in.

               What is so special about that
               rubber duck? Why do you keep it
               around?
  Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   33A.



          Fond memories.

          Fond?
Anton takes one and looks at the V+G written on the bottom.

          Yes. What's wrong with that?
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   34.



               Are they more fond or less fond
               than memories of me?

               I don't know. It's not all about
               you. I want to get off this station
               Anton. I wanted out of here before
               we were stranded. I need a change
               of scenery. I'm sick of this place.

               So, whoever gave you the rubber
               duck has nothing to do with your
               change of heart.

               No. It has nothing to do with Gary.

               Oh, Gary? So we have a name now.
               Right... Gary. So what's Gary up to
               these days? Do you keep in touch?
     Valentina grabs her duck, bath robe and towel from the room.

               I haven't spoken to him in years.
               He was just a friend.

               You've just happen to have a
               growing collection of his bath
               toys.

               This is none of your business. You
               and I are separated now.

               We are?
     Val grabs her 2nd duckie from Anton and exits.

               Since when?



     A bunch of cables run from an open panel below the computer
     screen. Jimmy  shoves all the
     computer parts into the wall and closes the panel.

               Beep.
  Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   34A.



          Wendi, can you identify me?

          You are Station Engineering
          Specialist Jimmy Anderson. You are
          a Libra. Your favorite color is
          blue. Your favorite food is
          chocolate cake.

          How are you doing?
Jimmy types, flips switches, leafs through binders and tests
circuits under the following scene.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   35.



          All systems are nominal, however I
          have not received a mission
          protocol update from Western
          Alliance Ground Control. How are
          you feeling?

          It looks like your social interface
          program is back online.

          Yes Jimmy, it is. I am pleased that
          you noticed.

          Why do you have a man's voice?

          I am operating on default human
          interface settings.

          Anton hates it.

          Would you like to select a
          different interface protocol?

          No stay like this. Can you show me
          the station video monitors?
A grid of grainy black and white video cameras comes up.
One screen shows Valentina walking down the hall angrily with
her bath robe, towel and 2 rubber duckies.
Another monitor shows a medium shot of Tilda kneeling in
engineering area next to a wall panel marked T518. She looks
around nervously and opens it.

          Jimmy, I appear to have an open
          access port in my T518 array.
Jimmy zooms in, it's grainy. Tilda pulls out a row of
circuits labeled "T518 D7", removes a small circuit board and
looks at it. She closes the panel.
Jimmy watches Tilda on the monitor screen: she sits back and
unzips her flight suit. He leans in towards the monitor.

          Why are women so complicated?
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   36.



          If you wish to improve a social
          relationship I recommend engaging
          in friendly conversation.

          What's your T518 array used for?

          T518 is a language processor for
          human interface systems.
On the monitor we can see Tilda take the circuit board and
jam it into her torso on her right side.
The screen garbles slightly with electrical interference.
Jimmy zooms in but it's hard to see what's going on. Tilda
rubs her side, there's no mark and the circuit board is gone.
She zips up her jumpsuit and tries to talk with fax sounds.


Jimmy watches the monitor with distracted fascination.

          Have you ever been in love, Wendi?

          I love being the orbital sanitation
          station mainframe computer.

          You didn't fix the voice.
Jimmy quickly switches off the video monitor screen and turns
around. Anton comes in.

          It's stuck this way.

          What's the male version of Wendi?
          Winston? Walter? Walter.

          Wendi is used for both sexes.

          I knew a guy named Wendi. I called
          him Wendi once. Maybe by mistake. I
          think his name was Wendal.

          We're calling you Walter from now
          on. Okay Walter? Walter. Respond.
  Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   36A.


No response for a second.

          My name is Wendi.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   37.



               See if you can fix the coffee
               machine next.

               What's wrong with the coffee
               machine?

               How should I know?

               I'm not sure this power converter
               is going to hold and we're out of
               spares. Wendi could go down again.

               Go look in the salvage bay, there's
               probably something you can use.

               Ok.

               Now.

               Oh, ok.
     Jimmy gets up and goes.






     The room is dark and a bit spooky, besides the better-lit
     area around the tub where Valentina splashes around. Her bath
     robe is hung nearby. She looks at her rubber ducks, focus on
     the slightly burned one.

               Where did you come from?
     She puts the ducks in the water with her. The ducks bob on
     the soapy waves.



     A ship explodes in the vector graphics game SPACE WAR. Anton
     turns off the game and turns to a different screen.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   38.



          Wendi, Check your files on crew
          psychology, and emergency situation
          management. Cancel that. Anything
          on relationship counselling?

          My files appear corrupted. Would
          you like to perform a relational
          database integrity check and
          defragment my core memory?

          No. Hold on.

          A full scan and reboot will take
          approximately six hours.

          Abort!
Anton ponders.

          What do you have on Valentina's
          work history?

          Full records are online.

          Did she work with someone named
          Gary?

          Valentina worked as an intern with
          Scientist Gary Pinback, Antarctica
          research station.

          Who is this guy?

          Professor Pinback was a leading
          expert in transdimensional
          transportation theory and-

          Yes yes. I mean what was he like?
          Did he have a lot of girlfriends?
          Do you have any vital statistics,
          medical records, history of
          sexually transmitted diseases?

        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   39.


               Pictures with his shirt off like at
               a beach maybe? Any data on his
               anatomy?
     Anton leans close to a screen that scrolls data.

               My god he was hung like a donkey.






     Boxes fall off the shelves with a CRASH. Jimmy moves them out
     of the way. The wall is marked SALVAGE BAY 12. HAZARDOUS
     AREA. HARD HAT ZONE. Other construction site iconography.
     Jimmy pulls aside some junk and scrap, finding Gary's Time
     Cube they salvaged from the crash. It looks useful to him.
     The device has a control pad and sockets for plugs. It's a
     little heavy. He turns it over and examines it.

               What the heck is this?
     He fumbles and drops it. A FLASH of light whites-out the
     room. Jimmy rubs his eyes and looks at the box - blue lights
     glow inside and it starts to HUM.



     Valentina snoozes with a wet cloth over her eyes in the tub.
     The FLASH of light passes through. The burned space-duckie
     sits on the tub edge, as if watching her. Strange HUMMING
     from Jimmy's device is heard.

     Valentina takes off a wet cloth from her face and looks
     around. The duckie doesn't move. She puts the cloth back on.
     The rubber duckie is definitely watching her.



     Continued scene. Anton gets up, sits down.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   40.



               What was he known for? Did he have
               a good sense of humor? Was it
               better than mine?

               Professor Pinback theorized that it
               was possible to transport life
               forms between dimensions of time
               and space to parallel realities.

               That doesn't sound like sexy or
               glamorous work does it? It sounds
               like a lot of math.

               Dimensional transport may be an
               explanation for the absence of
               human life detected outside the
               station.

               So how long did Val and Gary work
               together?

               Approximately three years.

               Did they go on any trips together?

               That information is not on file.

               You're completely useless Wendi,
               you know that? Absolutely stupid
               and useless. What good are you?
     Anton goes back into his game of SPACE WAR.

               I'm sorry.



     Valentina snoozes in the tub. The alive rubber duckie scoots
     past the normal duckie and slips into the water.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   41.


      The duckie approaches Valentina in the water. Tentacles
      appear from under it. It's getting closer to her face.
      Valentina reaches up and hits the intercom suddenly, not
      seeing the duckie, causing a splash to hide the duckie with
      bubbles.

                What the hell is that humming
                sound? Hello? Anton? Anton?



      Jimmy looks at the menacing glowing device. He shakes it. The
      humming sound and blue glow dies out. He gathers up some
      cables and the box and walks out.



      Valentina zips up her jumpsuit, tosses a wet towel next to
      the duckies on the ground. After she walks away with her
      robe, the towel moves - the duck is under it.



      Jimmy strolls in with the time cube in hand.






      Tilda sits by the sandwich machine. Anton comes over to her.

                How's it going Tilda?
      Tilda stares at him.

                Since all these strange events
                started you haven't said a word,
                haven't slept at all as far as I
                can see. I've noticed. You haven't
                eaten. I can see you're deeply
                troubled by what's happening.
                Frankly, I'm a little disappointed
                that you haven't held it together.
                You're a trained officer. Things
                might be a bit grim but I assure
                you I've made it through worse
                situations than this.

Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   41A.


        You just need a positive attitude.
        Try a smile once in a while. Can
        you do that?

        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   42.


               Let a smile be your umbrella. Can
               you get back on the team?
     Tilda stares at him.

               I'm not hearing an answer.
     Jimmy comes in with the Time Cube and cables from the salvage
     room and puts it on the table.

               You've found the time cube.
     They share astonishment at Tilda's finally speaking.

               Is that what it is?

               What's a Time cube?

               We have to make sure it never
               activates.

               What do you mean by activate? I
               mean it was on when I found it.
     Valentina comes in with her bath robe. She sees them and the
     Time Cube.

               What the hell is going on? I heard
               this strange humming noise...

               All life on earth just ended.

               I thought all life on earth ended
               last week.
     Valentina throws down her bath robe and goes to her quarters.

               Great Anton.

               Now she's mad at me? This one isn't
               on me.



        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   43.




     It's dark and scary. The duckie scuttles in and out of
     shadows, leaving a thin trail of mucus. Just before it
     disappears we see its silhouette rear up near the door and
     let loose a bone-chilling throaty howl of rage.





     The station orbits the earth. The Quaaack echoes into space.



     Valentina is pacing, drying her hair. Anton barges into the
     room, with Valentina's bath robe in hand.

               She's speaking now? Since when? And
               why is she telling you all these
               things and not me?

               Calm down.

               I am calm.
     Valentina throws a towel at him.

               Why are you mad at me?

               Because you're excluding me.

               If you were in the control room
               instead of taking baths, you might
               know what's going on. By the way,
               you and this Gary guy were a lot
               more than friends.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   44.



                How would you know?

                Wendi told me.

                That's an invasion of my privacy.

                So it's true. I knew it.



      Jimmy and Tilda examine the Time Cube.

                What is this?

                This is a chronotronic quantum flux
                transfer event generator.

                Oh yeah?
      He reaches for it...

                It's the most dangerous machine
                ever created.

                Oh.
      Jimmy pulls his hand back and sits on his hands looking at
      the cube.



      A slow track around the control room at ground level. It's
      empty dark and scary. Camera stops on a chair that drips a
      bit of slime.



      Anton sits with his back to Valentina. They're not talking.
      Valentina continues to fix up after just having a bath.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   45.



                Lets put the Gary stuff aside.
                Maybe you used to see him, maybe
                you were just friends, whatever.
                The important thing is you're over
                him and you're with me now. Lets
                not fight like this.

                You're right Anton.
      Anton is encouraged by her sweet voice and friendly tone.

                Good.

                What's the point of me fighting
                with a shit for brains, whiney
                little half pint control freak with
                no balls, stinky stupid fuck with
                no sense of style, charm or
                personal hygiene.

                So you don't want    to talk right
                now. I'm going to    go get a cup of
                coffee. Why don't    you adjust your
                attitude and join    me when you're
                ready.
      Anton goes.



      Continued. Jimmy sits next to Tilda.

                I'm a robot.

                You are?
      Tilda puts her finger near Jimmy's arm. A small spark jumps.

                Ow. Do that again.
      She does it again.

                Ow. Stop.

                I run on electricity.
       Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   45A.



               Do it again.



     The Rubber Duckie  At Anton's keyboard.

     ECU from below: The rubber duckie's eyes darting left and
     right with the keyboard sounds. It's typing something, while
     breathing asthmatically. It drips some slime.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   46.




     Jimmy eats a sandwich at the table next to Tilda. Anton comes
     in and tries again to make a cup of coffee.

               Tilda's a robot.

               No she isn't.

               I'm pretty sure she is.
     Valentina comes in, sees the Time Cube glowing. Anton pulls
     out a chair for her.

               Nice to hear you speaking again
               Tilda.
     Valentina sits away from Anton.

               I've never spoken before today.
               Where I come from, we don't need to
               speak.

               We've all heard you speak.

               I've come from a mirror universe.

               Since when?

               It's okay, tell them what you told
               me.

               Someone has been travelling across
               parallel universes causing disaster
               on a galactic scale. Our Earth is
               almost completely destroyed.

   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   47.


          We discovered that this station is
          the nexus point of all the damaged
          realities. We had just once chance
          to send me here, to take your
          Tilda's place, in order to stop
          this time cube from being
          activated.

          My station is the nexus?

          But we didn't activate anything.
          Did you turn it on?
Jimmy lifts the box.

          It's got some kind of port at the
          bottom which I haven't figured out.

          Put down the time cube.
Jimmy puts it down.

          Did you turn it on?

          No. Not really. It turned itself
          on. I might have dropped it. It was
          on before I found it.
BEEP BEEP BEEP - a beeping sound.

          Wendi, what's the matter?

          A power fluctuation has been
          detected in my command relays in
          the control room.

          Jimmy? Didn't you fix that?

          Yes. This is new.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   48.



                Val, want to check it out?

                Why me?

                You want to be involved, this is
                being involved.

                Fine. Keep an eye on the robot.



      Valentina walks through the connector pod and into the
      passageway, down toward the control room. No yellow shields.



      Valentina comes in. The O.S. BEEP BEEP BEEP from before plays
      in here. She hits a button on a control panel and it turns
      off.

                Nominal, Nominal, five by five...
      She hits the intercom.

                Anton?

                Go ahead Val.

                It looks like a false alarm.

                Okay. Come to the rec room. I made
                coffee.
      She turns off the intercom. There's some slime.

                Who's been messing with the-
      Valentina looks to her left. There's a rubber duck sitting
      there. She's confused. It moves toward her. She's paralyzed
      with horror. It has tentacles peeking out under it.

                Oh my god.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   49.


      She starts to move away.

                Please, don't run. My legs are
                short, and it hurts. Valentina.
                It hurts to exist. I shouldn't be
                here.

                What the... Fff... Duck?

                I'm stuck in a transdimensional
                rift across the twelfth dimension.
      Gary lurches toward Valentina. She recoils.

                Don't run away.

                What do you want?

                I need to get back to my dimension.
                I need my time cube. Valentina,
                it's me, Gary.
      Gary moves very close to her. He puts a tentacle on her hand.

                My God you're beautiful.

                You can't be... Gary?

                Yes. It's me.



      Anton pours coffee, offers to Tilda who declines.

                I don't drink anything.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   50.



                So... you were saying you came here
                to replace our Tilda and stop
                someone from using this Time Cube,
                but he's not here. And what
                happened to our Tilda?

                An accident happened.

                Is she around here? Somewhere?
      Anton eats his sandwich.

                No.

                Well, you can see why I'd be
                concerned to hear a member of my
                crew is missing.

                Things didn't go as planned. I
                couldn't explain it to the other
                Tilda. Professor Pinback isn't here
                like he was supposed to be.

                Wait a minute. Gary Pinback?

                Yes.

                That's the guy who's supposed to be
                on this station?

                Yes.

                Son of a bitch.



      Cutting back to Val and Gary having their chat. Val is more
      relaxed, starting to take this in stride.

                How did this happen, Gary?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   51.



                There was an accident. The cube was
                activated in my escape and I was
                shunted through a dimensional
                vortex into this stupid body. But I
                was on my way here for you.

                For me?

                I promised you that one day I'd
                give you the world. I came here to
                keep that promise. I can take you
                away from all this.

                Gary... That was years ago.

                Until I can activate the time cube
                I will continue to bleed across the
                dimensional boundary... I don't
                know what I will become.

                That sounds painful.

                It's very painful. I need your help
                Valentina. There isn't much time.
      ALARMS GO OFF - RED SIREN LIGHTS. Valentina turns to look
      around. She turns back and Gary is gone.

                Gary?



      Continued scene of Anton, Tilda and Jimmy. The RED CHERRY
      LIGHTS turn on here as they just did in the control room.

                What the hell is going on now?

                Gary must be onboard. This is how
                it begins. I'm already too late.
      Tilda sits on the floor depressed. Anton goes.

                I'm going to the control room. You
                keep an eye on... the robot.
Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   51A.



        She has a name.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   52.



                I'm telling you, if that son of a
                bitch is on my station I'm going to
                find him. You two stay put.
      Anton leaves. Jimmy sits next to Tilda.

                Hey. What's the matter?

                The cube has been activated.
                There's nothing I can do to stop
                it. Infinite universes will be
                destroyed.

                We can try. Look, last week I never
                thought I'd be working orbit.
                Everyone told me it was impossible.
                I didn't have the training. I
                didn't have the stomach. People
                said, that Jimmy, he's never
                getting off Earth. But I got myself
                together and paid a guy a hundred
                and fifty bucks to forge my
                certification forms and the next
                thing you know, here I am.

                I didn't mean to kill her. The
                other Tilda.

                I'm sure you didn't. Hey, lets go
                use Wendi's cameras to see if we
                can find Gary if he's on board.

                Ok.



      Tilda and Jimmy walk with the Time Cube. Tilda stops.

                You're nice.

                I'm glad you can speak.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   53.



                There's something else I couldn't
                say before.

                What is it?

                We can't trust Valentina.



      Valentina is looking around. She can't find Gary. Anton comes
      in. He presses a button and it turns off the siren sounds and
      cherry lights.

                What's happened?

                I don't know. The control relays
                are all offline.

                Gary is onboard the station.
      Valentina freezes.

                What?

                Have you talked to him?

                No.

                Wendi, is there another man on this
                station besides myself?

                Jimmy is onboard the station.

                Besides Jimmy?

                No Anton.

                Where the hell is he hiding? What
                are you two up to?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   54.



                Get off my case Anton. I don't know
                what you're talking about. Who said
                Gary is here?

                Tilda.

                She says she's a robot. Do you
                believe everything everyone tells
                you?

                You got the second duck from him.
                Admit that.

                If you want answers we should go
                down there and grill the robot.

                Fine. Lets start with that.

                She's probably the one who blew out
                the control systems. Whatever we
                do, we can't leave them with the
                cube anymore.

                What's the big deal with this cube?
      SUDDENLY THE ROOM JOLTS. Red warnings on monitors.






      Tilda and Jimmy brace themselves. The room trembles.

                Jimmy? We've got a situation here.
                Take Tilda to the computer room and
                see if you can get the control
                system back up.

                We're in the computer room.

                I told you to stay put.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   55.



                Ok.
      He turns off the intercom.

                Do you know what's happening?

                I don't know. I don't think we have
                much time.

                Not much time like a few days?

                Hours.
      The room shakes again. The lights flicker.






      Val and Anton sit at the controls as the room shakes. Evil
      metal creaking noises tear through. Alarms sound. More
      screens turn to static and garbled.

                Anton?

                Something is definitely wrong.
                Check the air pressure.

                Anton!

                What?

                Okay. I haven't been totally
                honest.

                Oh?
      The rubber duck  scuttles across the floor behind
      them but Anton doesn't see it.
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   56.



          Gary is onboard.

          Where is the bastard? How the hell
          did he get on the station?

          You brought him in.

          When did I do that?
Valentina notices that Gary  is in front of Anton,
hiding on a shelf, dripping slime.

          He's just come for the time cube.
          That's all he needs to get back to
          his dimension and put things right.
Its eyes glow faintly red.

          Sure. Naturally. He just wants his
          time cube. He's not interested in
          you?

          He's the only one that can send us
          home and set things right.
Anton follows her gaze and sees the duck there.

          What the hell is that?
Anton moves around and slowly approaches it. He takes out his
laser blaster and charges it. The Duck cowers and backs
deeper into the corner of the shelf.

          Anton, you're scaring him.

          Him? Hello little guy. Don't be
          afraid. We mean you no harm. Hey
          there. Val what the hell is this
          thing?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   57.


      He gets ready to fire.

                That's Gary.
      Anton slowly moves closer to it.

                What? This thing?
      Anton points his laser. Gary trembles with fear.

                No!
      Anton pulls the trigger. It goes click click.

                That's odd. The batteries must be-
      Gary LEAPS at Anton's head. They crash through the room as it
      attacks him. Papers fly from binders thrown around. Anton
      screams. The laser pistol is knocked to the floor, broken.
      Blood splatters against a console, and across Valentina's
      face. Val screams, staring at the off-screen attack. Anton is
      thrown down, he turns around and tries to see where the duck
      is. He's scratched up. It scuttles away down the hall behind
      him, out of his sight.

                Where did that little bastard go?






      Valentina pulls a first-aid kit off the wall and opens it.
      Anton has a trivial cut on his head.

                It sure is strong for a little guy.

                I told you to be careful.

                Why didn't you just tell me about
                him?
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   58.



          I tried to tell you.
Valentina cleans his cut. She digs through the kit for tape.

          How is your head?

          It hurts.
Valentina sticks a band-aid on Anton.

          Did you know what this thing was
          when we brought it on board?

          No, of course not.

          Look what he did.

          He was frightened.

          Whose side are you on?
A noise down the hall. Anton pulls the handlebar off the
elliptical exercise machine and holds it like a club as he
goes to one side of the room next to the hall.

          Can you see it?

          No.
Anton peeks down the hall quickly. He reaches to draw his
laser blaster - his holster is empty.

          Something is coming. Stay back.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   59.



                Anton wait!

                I won't hurt him much. I'll just
                subdue him, okay? That's fair,
                isn't it?
      Jimmy runs around the corner into the room.


      Anton's war-cry is spent on Jimmy who jumps back frightened.



                What are you doing?

                I'm looking for you!

                We have a guest onboard.
      Tilda follows carrying the Time Cube.

                What happened to your face?

                A rubber duck attacked me.

                What?



      It's dark. A duck-shape scuttles along the floor, casting
      flickering shadows on the wall 
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   60.



                Gggrrrrroooarr!






      Tilda opens a compartment and locates sandwiches. Jimmy sits
      tinkering with the busted laser pistol through the scene.
      Valentina takes the sandwiches.

                So it's some kind of animal?

                Yes. And it's growing.

                How big is it?

                Like a small dog maybe. And it
                bites. Hard. What have you got?

                Rice, butter, carrot jam.

                God help us.

                Ham.

                Ah, ham. Give me the ham.
      Valentina reluctantly gives up the ham sandwich. They eat.
Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   61.



       We checked with Wendi. It doesn't
       look like Gary is on board.

       The duck... is Gary.

       How?

       Valentina has something she'd like
       to tell us.

       I don't know all the facts.

       Go on. Please.

       The time cube sent him here through
       the duck. It was an accident.

       This is the Gary that Tilda says
       destroyed Earth. He's a duck?

       He's on this station. He's part
       man, part rubber duck, part
       something else.

       And I'm going to kill him.

       How is that going to help?

       He tried to eat my face, Val.

       He's going through a lot of
       changes. He's not thinking
       straight. But he's the only one
       that set things right if we give
       him the Time Cube.

       He's not here to help us.

       I suppose you've helped us?
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   62.



          I'm with Tilda on this one for now.

          You're what?

          Me too.

          Shut up Jimmy, no one asked you.
METAL CREAKING NOISE O.S., sound of cables snapping.

          Sorry Val. Plan A: we get control
          of Gary. We're going to assume he's
          only going to keep smashing things.
          Jimmy, Tilda, work on Wendi. If we
          can get eyes on him and close doors
          remotely we can trap him-
Another SMASHING noise echoes through the frame of the
station. Distant creaking metal sounds.

          Val and I will look for the duck.

          No.

          You said yourself he's not thinking
          straight. I'm definitely not giving
          him the Time Cube - that's what got
          us into this mess.

          Do we have any weapons?
Anton opens a drawer. He spills out a handful of disposable
plastic knives on the table.

          Everyone take one.
They do. Jimmy bends his.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   63.



                No lasers? Microwave rifles?

                Laser's broke. Make do.
      Jimmy grabs the pieces of the broken laser pistol, plastic
      knives and half a sandwich in his pockets, then puts the Time
      Cube into a backpack. Anton takes the backpack.

                I'll take that.
      Jimmy lets him have it.

                I'll keep it safe.



      Anton, Val, Jimmy, Tilda walk into the four-way intersection,
      then pair off in different directions. Anton has his
      backpack.



      Valentina comes in, looks around. She pokes the space suits.

                Gary?
      Anton pokes his head in.

                Val?

                Did you see him?

                No. We should split up. Use the
                intercom if you find him.

                What are you going to do with him
                Anton?

                I'm going to ask him nicely to stop
                destroying my space station for
                starters. That's reasonable isn't
                it?
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   64.



                 I suppose.

                 Then I'm going to kill him as hard
                 as I can.



       Anton searches through the room. He's jumpy. Scratched up
       papers, claw marks, burns, broken pieces of equipment. Slime
       trails.
       He bumps into a hanging cable, startling him. But it's not a
       tentacle, it's just a cable.



       Jimmy walks through with Tilda. The computers buzz and lights
       blink. They look around for Gary cautiously.

                 Jimmy? Wait.

                 What is it?
       Tilda gives Jimmy a little kiss. Suddenly his eyes open wide
       as something happens when their lips touch, time slows down
       and everything gets brighter, fades to:



       Jimmy and Tilda face each other in a haze of glowing light.

                 This is cool.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -      11/12/11   65.


       Tilda opens her mouth and electronic synthesizer sounds come
       out for just a quick instant before they:



       Flash back to reality, Tilda moves away from Jimmy. They're
       back to when they were mid-kiss. Jimmy falls over.

                 Woah.

                 Are you ok?

       Jimmy is stunned. The room shakes from an O.S. EXPLOSION.

                 Jimmy?!
       Jimmy looks around.

                 In my dimension we all run on
                 electricity.

                 I have a headache. But it was nice.

                 I'm sorry Jimmy.

                 You know, we can try other   ways of
                 showing how we feel. There   are ways
                 we do it in this dimension   you
                 might not have heard about   yet...
       The ROOM SHAKES HARD and binders fall off the shelves, the
       lights flicker, metal snapping NOISES O.S.

                 There's no time for that now.

                 Right.



         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   66.




      Tentacles of Gary  slithers past. His tentacles bang
      the table.


      Gary flutters in a blur into the shadows.



      Tilda and Jimmy try to access the computer. It's not working.

                The power system is still on. We
                need to locate the damaged
                circuits. They could be anywhere
                between here and the control room.
                Gary must have done something.

                Let me ask Wendi.
      She reaches into the computer panel and finds an RS232 cable.

                What are you going to do?

                Turn around.
      Tilda unzips her jumpsuit.

                Ok.
      Jimmy turns around. Tilda sticks the RS232 cable down the
      front of her jumpsuit bottoms area and feels around with the
      cable until she finds her socket. CLICK.

                Accessing.
      Jimmy really wants to know what's going on.

                No peeking.
      Jimmy turns away again, facing the computer monitor.

                Can you explain what you're doing?
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   67.



          I'm accessing Wendi's backup
          system.

          I mean what are you doing with that
          RS232 cable?
Numbers flash on the screen.

          Hello Tilda.

          Hello Wendi. Central logic
          processor is up. All systems are
          online - the control interface has
          been disconnected.
Tilda keeps accessing the computer with her brain.

          It was the duck.

          Gary? What is it trying to do?

          Look.
The monitor shows a wire-frame diagram of the space station
in motion, with trajectories and readings. A red circular
line indicates the orbit of the station, and it intersects
with Earth. The little icon of the station is slowly moving
on that line toward the `red zone'. "WARNING" text blinks.

          The station's orbit has been
          altered. We're going to hit the
          atmosphere.

          How long do we have?

          About twenty eight minutes.

          Are you sure?
She's sure. Jimmy hits the intercom.

          Anton? Anton?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   68.



                The intercoms are locked out. We
                have to get to the control room.
      Tilda turns away, unplugs the cable with a shiver and pulls
      the cable out of her pants. She zips up.

                You're going to have to explain
                that later.
      Tilda reaches her hand toward Jimmy. Jimmy puts his hand out.
      A spark jumps between their hands.

                Ow!

                Oh Jimmy. You don't have a static
                discharge buffer. You're completely
                made of meat.

                Meat that loves you, Tilda.

                It may not be possible for us to
                overcome our physiological
                differences in this universe.

                It sure would be fun to try.
      Tilda smiles in agreement.



      Valentina looks under the communications equipment. There's a
      half-open compartment at the end of the room, filled with
      deep shadows. A wall panel is also open.
      She moves slowly toward it. She peeks in the wall panel. It's
      empty. She moves on toward the other compartment.
      Valentina reaches slowly toward the open compartment, her
      heart racing.

                Gary? Are you there Gary? We have
                to talk.
      She opens the compartment - just a pair of dusty headphones
      inside. She relaxes.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   69.


      Jimmy runs in, startling her. She bangs her head on the
      control panel.




      Valentina punches his face.





                What are you doing?

                Ow. Stop.

                You scared the crap out of me.

                Where's Anton?

                We split up. What are you doing
                here?

                We're falling out of orbit. Gary's
                done something to the guidance
                system. Have you found him?

                He's not between here and
                engineering.

                Then there's only one place left he
                could be.



      Anton is looking at shady spots under the sleeping cots,
      holding the elliptical machine handle as a club.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   70.


       The room is full of dark corners; each one seems to hold the
       promise of aliens bursting out. Anton explores cautiously.

                 Anton!
       Anton spins around. Tilda points past him. Anton looks. The
       rubber duck is on the shelf! Anton smashes it with the
       handle!

                 Got it!
       He stomps on it. Squeak Squeak. Squeak.

                 That's not it.

                 Oh.
       Anton lifts his foot. It squeaks.

                 It's the normal one.
       A SCUTTLING SOUND behind them. They turn and look.

                 Did you hear that?
       Anton goes to her. They catch a glimpse of tentacle poking
       out of Anton's room. It disappears around the corner.

                 It's horrible.

                 Tilda, get back.
       He hands her the backpack with the Time Cube. Tilda takes it
       and backs away.



       Anton comes out of his room followed by Tilda, peeking around
       and trying to see where Gary might be hiding in his room
       across the hall.

                 Stay back.

                 Be careful.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   70A.


       Tilda stands in the hall of the crew quarters outside the
       door. Scuttle scuttle sounds. Anton goes near his room, looks
       around. He creeps toward the door.




                 Where are you? Hiding. Not so tough
                 now are ya Gary? You'd better hide.
       Scuttle sound. Anton goes left, toward his coffee table, re-
       aiming his handlebar, guessing where Gary is hiding. Anton is
       almost at the door.
       Anton turns right. The shadow of Gary  rises up next
       to his bed: the tentacles were just the tip: it's grown
       larger now. It bares teeth.

                 Where is the Time Cube?

                 What Time Cube?

                 I must have it.

                 You come on my space station, try
                 to steal my girlfriend, turn the
                 place upside down and make demands
                 for time cubes. Who do you think I
                 am?
       Anton prepares to strike. The duck trembles with excitement
       and rage. Anton grits his teeth.


       Anton swings his weapon high over his head and charges!
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11    71.




       Tilda watches from the hallway outside Anton's room:
       A SUDDEN FLURRY OF MOTION as Gary attacks Anton, SNARLING.
       Pillows and household items are torn up and thrown around.
       Crashing sounds. Tilda ducks down, unable to watch the
       violence. Sounds: Anton yelling, things breaking. Violent
       crunches and punches. Clanging.
       Blood sprays on the wall next to Tilda. She's horrified.

       Jimmy and Valentina come from around the corner at the far
       end of the hall and stop when they hear the sound of THUMP
       SCUTTLE SCUTTLE. They cautiously peer down the hall.

                 Tilda?
       Tilda comes out of Anton's room, some blood spray on her
       face.

                 I need help.



       They clear off the table and lie Anton down. He's twitching.
       Valentina touches him and backs away in horror.

                 Where is the first-aid kit?
       Jimmy looks around, pulls a medical kit from the wall.

                 He's leaking.

                 Valentina, get some water.
       Tilda first-aid examines Anton. He coughs up blood. Jimmy
       turns around and there's no Valentina.

                 Valentina?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   72.







      Valentina sits in a flight deck chair looking at red
      emergency monitor warning messages. She sits facing the
      passageway, looks at the blood on her hands. A husky rasping
      breathing sound comes from Gary who hides around the edge of
      the doorway.

                Gary. Why are you doing this?
      Gary's voice answers from the shadows. It sounds bigger.

                For you.

                But you'll kill me as well if the
                station falls out of orbit.

                So, are you're with this Anton guy
                now?

                I was for a while. Not sure now.

                He fights like a girl. Do you think
                he'd cross alternate dimensions for
                you?

                I don't know.

                I travelled through time for you.

                I know.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   73.


      Gary leans out for a moment  revealing a little more
      of himself and then slinks back.

                You're mutating faster and faster.

                I could put everything back the way
                it was. Would you want that? Would
                you want to keep living on this
                rusty space dumpster, forever? With
                this Anton guy?
      Valentina looks into the shadowy dark.

                You didn't need to hurt him Gary.
      Gary's eyes glimmer in the darkness. Some tentacle too.

                Come with me. We will return to
                Earth, to the dawn of man. There we
                will lay the foundations of a
                million-year dynasty, and rule an
                empire over all space and time. We
                will dominate the galaxy together.

                Together?

                Once I have the time cube, the
                universe is ours. Valentina, I came
                here for you. I did this all for
                you.

                That's so sweet.
      She decides to step into the darkness. A tentacle wraps
      around her as she disappears into the dark.



      Tilda opens the medical kit, snaps on rubber gloves and
      straps on a surgical mask. Jimmy brings napkins. She goes the
      monitor near the hallway. Tilda presses buttons on the
      screen. The monitor screen says "MEDICAL DATABASE DOWNLOAD"
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   74.



                 Jimmy, our orbit is still decaying.
                 We have to stop our descent. You
                 have to go to the control room.

                 Are you going to be OK here?

                 Yes.
       Jimmy puts down the napkins.






       Jimmy moves fast but cautiously.



       Tilda slices, stitches and sews fast. Blood splatters against
       Tilda from Anton's mouth. She squints and keeps working. The
       room shimmies and shakes.






       Valentina comes in straightening her clothing and hair. Jimmy
       is works under an open control panel, he turns and sees her.

                 Where did you go? Anton is hurt
                 pretty bad.

                 Attention crew of the Western
                 Alliance Sanitation Station Regina.



       Tilda has finished her surgery and is taking off her bloodied
       gloves. Anton is bandaged, unconscious. She looks up to hear:

                 Prepare to be incinerated.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   75.




      Jimmy goes to the captain's central console.

                He's in the storage bay, going
                towards the crew quarters. Tilda
                and I managed to reroute the door
                controls. If I can just figure
                out...
      Jimmy hits buttons.

                Ha. Sucker.
      Jimmy dramatically hits a big button on the keyboard.



      A big light blinks green next to the open door. CU on the
      door frame as the door closes. LOCKING SOUND. A TENTACLE
      slaps angrily against the hatch window.



      Jimmy works on the controls. Valentina comes up behind him in
      a sneaky way, he doesn't notice. She's holding a toolbox.

                He's locked in. That should buy us
                some time but we have to hurry.
                Help me figure out the thruster
                controls.
      Valentina creeps up right behind Jimmy. Jimmy turns to see
      her too late: she bashes Jimmy in the head with the tool box
      and tosses it aside.
      Valentina uses the keyboard. Jimmy rolls over, regains focus.

                What are you doing?

                I'm leaving Jimmy. I'm done.

                Where are you going?
      Tilda appears behind Valentina and hits her in the back of
      her head with the toolbox. Valentina goes down. Valentina
      rubs her head.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   76.



                Ow.
      Tilda helps Jimmy up.

                Thanks Tilda. Oh no, she let Gary
                loose.



      A glimpse of Gary scampering out of the open hatch where he
      was trapped before, leaving a slime trail.



      Tilda finishes binding Valentina to a chair with tape.

                Give Gary the time cube. You don't
                know him like I know him. He'll
                help us. He'll save us.
      Tilda is not convinced. Jimmy is on the soldering damaged
      circuits in a the control panel. He wears safety goggles. The
      Time Cube sits on the floor behind him.

                He's a monster.

                It's just a phase.
      Jimmy closes the console he's working on. Presses buttons.
      The room shifts to the left.

                We're entering the upper
                atmosphere.
      Jimmy stands up. Jimmy wipes the sweat off his face.

                That's bad, isn't it?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   77.



                We have fifteen minutes.

                There's too much damage to fix in
                fifteen minutes.

                Maybe we should try to make a deal.
      A low RUMBLE sound.

                We can't allow Gary to have total
                control of time and space.
      Jimmy gets back down into the computer panel. Tilda kneels
      next to him, watching. Valentina looks at the Time Cube on
      the floor and wriggles in her duct tape bonds.



      The station starts to hit the atmosphere and shake.



      Jimmy and Tilda press buttons and flip switches on the
      consoles as they talk. The room shimmies and shakes more and
      more. The RUMBLE sound increases. Jimmy turns one more
      switch. BLEEP BLORP: the computer screen flickers on.

                Wendi is online.

                We're falling Wendi. Correct our
                orbital position.

                I do not have full control of
                Station systems. There is a break
                in the control path to my logic
                core.

                Is anything working?

                Rebooting and Reinitialization will
                take approximately three hours.

                We have... fourteen minutes.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11    78.



                Leave Wendi to me.
      Jimmy reaches into an open mess of cables in a compartment
      and tosses Tilda an RS232 cable. She turns away from him,
      unzips her jumpsuit and plugs in her plug as before once
      Jimmy stops staring. Jimmy goes under the central console and
      sneaks glances to figure out what exactly she's doing. She
      zips up again with the cable sticking out, and concentrates.
      The monitors flash on. Jimmy spills out the tool box, grabs
      tools and sticks his head back under the central console.



      The station starts to hit the hazy atmosphere and shakes
      more. Parts heat up. An antenna burns off.



      The room shimmies and shakes. Valentina is straining against
      her duct tape wrapping. It's loosening. They don't notice.
      Jimmy is wriggling around in the confined area.

                We're entering the mesosphere.

                It's ugly in here. I don't know
                where the break is.

                Networking.
      Jimmy switches tools, moves around a flashlight.

                Hello Tilda.

                Hi Wendi.
      The RUMBLE sound increases.

                How's it going?!
      Jimmy is jammed deep in the panel, where he uses a circuit
      tester, probing. He wipes off his sweaty brow.

                Try bank 5, on unit LBJ425.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   79.


      Jimmy shifts around, probes.

                Here?
      Tilda is focused on the monitors, doesn't notice Valentina is
      loose of her duct tape and stands up behind them.

                Try the next circuit.



      We can catch glimpses of Gary lurching past. He's bigger.
      Hulking.



      Tilda sits, searching with her brain using her RS232 cable
      patch into the computer. Abstract data scrolls fast down the
      screens. It reflects in her eyes.

                Is this it?

                No. Hurry.
      Valentina gently picks up the Time Cube and marvels at it for
      a brief moment before backing out behind Tilda and out the
      door, stumbling on the bulkhead a little and running off.
      Jimmy reaches way deep into the panel and probes a circuit.

                Here?

                You're getting closer.
      The rooms shakes suddenly extra hard. A CREAK of strained
      metal.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   80.




      We can just make out Gary and his tentacles dragging himself
      around a corner.






      Jimmy reaches as far as humanly possible with his logic probe
      and touches a difficult-to-reach circuit way in the back, in
      a maze of jumbled blinking lights, cables and circuits:

                There's your problem.
      He pulls out a smoldering burned circuit.

                The midrange data processor is
                burned out. I think we need it to
                control the thrust vector.

                You can't fix it?

                No way. No... I don't have the
                parts.
      This is serious.

                We're dead.

                No we're not.
      The room shakes more. Tilda unplugs the RS232 cable from the
      wall and grabs a cable cutter from Jimmy's belt. She pulls
      down her jumpsuit shoulder exposing her back tattoo lines
      again. Jimmy watches in fascination.
      Tilda jabs herself and cuts a 6 inch hole in her abdomen.
      There's no blood. She reaches in and feels around.

                I wish you would warn me if you're
                going to do something like that.

                Wait...
   Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   81.


Tilda grunts and grimaces - something rips and her hand comes
out with an organic/electric device with blinking lights.
Wires and cables poke out of the hole in her stomach and drip
with goo, she tucks them back in painfully with one hand and
holds herself closed as she hands the device to Jimmy.

          Try using this.
Jimmy takes it with a mixture of horror and curiosity.

          Don't you need it?

          I have two of them.
Jimmy notices Valentina is gone.

          Where's Val?
Tilda turns.

          The time Cube!

          Hold on, let me plug this in.
Jimmy ducks back under   the panel and stuffs the strange
device into the socket   of the circuit board. Sparks fly and
lights start blinking!   The SOUND of the midrange data
processor humming back   to life. Green lights on monitors.
Jimmy clamps alligator clips around a broken cable and
scrambles up. The monitor screens show green blinking
symbols. Tilda uses a staple gun to close her wound, showing
no sign of pain, tucks away her RS232 cable and zips up.

          It worked!
Jimmy sees one monitor still shows ERROR.

          It's not working.

          Thruster control is on a different
          circuit. It's still offline.
Tilda sinks into a chair. The effort has worn her down.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   82.



                It should have worked.

                There's another break in the
                control path.

                Are you okay?

                I'll be okay. But there's only one
                way to target the thrusters.

                How?

                Manually.

                You mean outside?

                Yes outside.
      The digital vector diagram monitor shows their orbit falling
      into the `danger zone' past the `Krmn line'. Jimmy sees
      Tilda suffer.

                Take this.
      Jimmy hands Tilda Anton's blaster - Jimmy found time to
      repair it with wires, duct tape, and junk.

                You'll need it.

                I'll be ok.
      Jimmy gets up to go, summons his courage.

                Jimmy, in ten minutes the outer
                hull will burn away completely.
                Hurry.

                It's go time.



      Cables are loose, hanging, red siren lights. The walls
      rattle. Jimmy walks carefully, looking for Gary.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   83.







      Valentina steps out of the hall and stands near Anton. She
      holds the Time Cube.

                Who's there? Valentina?

                It's over Anton. We're leaving.

                Something is wrong with you Val.
                You can't trust someone that wants
                to eat you.

                Gary loves me. He loves me in ways
                you couldn't understand.

                I thought we've had some good
                times.
      Anton notices Gary  lurking in the hall.

                Gary? I'll kick your ass.
      Anton struggles to sit up. He falls back down. Val puts down
      the time cube on the counter and helps Anton settle down.

                Gary! I have the Time Cube!
      Gary stays in the shadows, nearby. We can see him quiver and
      jiggle as he speaks, suggestions of a jaw moving, but lots of
      amorphous tentacles and bulging monstrous shapes.

                Before we go, one last thing.

                What?

                Kill him.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   84.



                 You pussy, come over here. Afraid
                 to fight like a man?
       Valentina looks at Anton, looks at Gary, conflicted.



       Blaring SIRENS, RED CHERRY LIGHTS. Jimmy comes around to the
       door marked AIRLOCK MODULE. He very slowly peeks in, scared.



       Continued with Anton, Val and Gary.

                 I want to see you kill him.

                 We don't need to do that Gary. We
                 can just go.

                 Killll himmmmm.
       Gary tosses the bent exercise machine handlebar to her feet.
       She picks it up and looks at Anton.
       Anton manages to sit up, faces her without any aggression.

                 If this guy is going to make you
                 happy, go ahead. I understand.
       Val sees Anton in a different light.

                 It's ok.






       Jimmy enters the dark trashed airlock module, looking around.
       Space suit parts are a mess on the floor.

                 Damn.
       Jimmy frantically sorts through space suit parts.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11    85.




       Tilda looks at a screen that counts down to 00:00:02:00.

                 I'm entering the airlock.



       Jimmy in a helmet and space suit stands nervous at the hatch.
       He hesitates. The lights turn red. He presses the button.



       Anton, Val and Gary continued. Valentina hefts the handlebar,
       checks out Anton. He looks pitiful.

                 Do it.

                 I don't see why-

                 Hurry up. Kill him now.

                 Give me a second Gary.

                 Do it now!

                 Can you give me a second Gary?

                 Kill him!
       Valentina turns around defiantly.

                 I don't like being bossed around.
       Anton nods in confirmation of this.



       Jimmy [in spacesuit] moves along the exterior of the station.
       Atmosphere blows past him. The air is thin but they're moving
       fast. Smoke trails from burning station bits stream past. The
       station shakes. Jimmy is terrified, holds on for dear life.
       He sneezes in his helmet. The glass is all splattered.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -    11/12/11   86.



                 Gah!
       POV Jimmy: splatter and mucus on the inside of the glass.



       Tilda leans over the control panel, watching monitors.

                 I'm outside the station.

                 Keep going Jimmy, You have to align
                 and fire the thruster in ninety
                 seconds or we'll implode.

                 Okay no problem.



       Gary comes out of the shadows . He's a hulking
       monstrous thing. Valentina is not intimidated. Anton is a
       little intimidated, still weak from his injuries.

                 So this is how it's going to be.

                 Yup.
       Valentina swings high at Gary and catches him upside the
       head. He snarls and bashes her with a tentacle, knocking away
       the handlebar. She gives him a few punches, kick in the duck
       nuts. Gary knocks her down by the sandwich machine. Anton
       grabs a chair. A tentacle comes at Anton - it pulls him over
       by his neck, he drops the chair, and is thrown down by the
       hatch.
       Gary side steps quickly, looking around. He sees the Time
       Cube on the counter and sends a tentacle at it.
       Valentina stabs the tentacle with a plastic fork and it pulls
       back, spraying green blood and mucous in an unexpectedly
       heavy geyser over Valentina, Anton and the room.
       Valentina throws the time cube over the table to Anton, who
       catches it.
       Gary refocusses on Val and moves toward her. He bashes her
       with a tentacle sending her over the table.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   87.







       Jimmy clambers along the rail that he's clipped into. He
       comes to the thruster. We hear his rapid breathing in the
       space suit. Behind him is the expanse of cold space. The
       station rotates until the Earth takes up the view behind him.
       Everything shakes.

                 Almost there. Tilda? Tilda?



       The chair at the console where Tilda sat is empty. The room
       shakes.



       Jimmy reaches a cone-shaped thruster. He clips in an extra
       tether to a metal ring nearby and turns a handle, opening a
       small access panel.

                 How the hell does this work?
       Jimmy finds a small keypad and joystick in the panel. He hits
       buttons.
       Jimmy turns the joystick. The thruster next to him moves.

                 Okay. That's good.



       The vector graphic shows HULL COLLAPSE IMMINENT DANGER!

                 Ten seconds until hull collapse.



       Gary looms up over the dazed Valentina. Anton is dazed.
       Gary is as scary as possible.

                 Hey.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   88.


      Gary and Val turn toward the hallway: Tilda's there. She
      throws the laser blaster to Valentina who catches it and aims
      at Gary. Gary freezes, afraid.
      Valentina takes great pleasure at pulling the trigger.
      ZZZZORCH! A beam blasts from the blaster at Gary, instantly
      causing an immense SPLAT!
      Valentina opens her eyes to see it rain Gary bits.
      Anton comes over.

                Is that my blaster?

                Jimmy fixed it.
      Anton helps Valentina up.

                Thanks Tilda.

                Where is Jimmy?






      Jimmy at the thruster, he grips the joystick, feeling woozy.

                Here goes nothing.
      He's sweating profusely. He looks at his glove - it's
      burning. There's orange-glowing cinders flying off his boots.
      Jimmy hits the big red button! A BLAST OF PLASMA fires out of
      the thruster next to him.
       Over the course of five long seconds, the station
      stops falling. The thruster stops firing.
      He's burning more now. His suit POPS A LEAK! Smoke whizzes
      out of a hole in his arm. He stares at it.

                Oh crap.



      Tilda runs in to see a screen that shows a vector graphic of
      the station in the "red zone". It slowly starts to correct.
Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   88A.



        Jimmy? Come in Jimmy! You did it.
          Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11    89.


       Valentina and Anton hobble in.

                 He did it.
       The room stops shaking. The RUMBLE sound stops.

                 Orbit is stabilizing. Jimmy?



       POV Jimmy: he's losing consciousness, looking at the pretty
       sunset.

                 Jimmy? Come in Jimmy. Jimmy?!



       Anton and Val look worried. Tilda rips off her headphones and
       walks out.



       Tilda walks then speeds up into a run as Val and Anton sit in
       the background in the control room. [no window covers]



       Tilda enters and opens the inner airlock door, revealing
       Jimmy taking off his scorched helmet.

                 Jimmy!
       She hugs him.

                 Are we ok?

                 Yes. You did it.



       Anton and Val sit next to each other. Val tenderly wipes some
       Gary goo off Anton's face.

                 Thanks sweetie.
        Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   89A.



                You're twice the man Gary ever was.

                I know.
      She hugs him. He wraps his manly arms around her.



      The Station orbit is stable. It's a little burned but still
      in one piece. Stars twinkle. The night is silent.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   90.







      Tilda and Jimmy are sitting, eating sandwiches. The room is
      tidy now, cleaner than it's ever been. Food wrappers around.

                I could eat another.

                Chicken?

                Ham.
      She pulls another sandwich from the shelf.

                Ham.

                Nice.
      The Time Cube is on the floor with cables running into it
      from all over. Tilda checks the cables.

                I think we're ready.
      Jimmy hits the intercom.

                Control room, are you ready?

                Ready.

                We're activating it.
      Jimmy hits keys on a keyboard. All the computer screens turn
      on. The strange HUMMING sound starts. The Time Cube GLOWS
      BLUE. The lights dim slightly.

                I think it's working.

                Wendi; status report please.
      She eats her sandwich. Jimmy picks up his sandwich and eats
      it. They both stare at the computer, eating sandwiches.
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -   11/12/11   91.



                Wendi? What's going on? Is it
                working?

                Time Cube interface activated.
      The humming gets louder.

                Maybe I should-



      The space station orbits around the earth, then POOF; the
      entire station is gone in a warping flash of light.



      The flash fades away. Tilda and Jimmy stare at the computer
      screens. The blinking lights slow down. The HUMMING sound
      dies down. They rub their eyes. The intercom clicks on.

                Jimmy?
      Jimmy snaps out of his daze and hits the intercom button.

                Yeah. We're okay. Are you okay?

                We're fine up here.
      Jimmy sees a screen marked "COMM" blinking. He presses the
      button.

                Sanitation station Regina come in.
                This is Ground control. We have a
                level two debris warning lit up
                here.



      The station orbits a living earth, with sparkling cities
      glowing in the night below. Space stations and satellites in
      orbit with the scorched station and junk ring, as before.

                Ground control?
         Space Milkshake Prod. Draft Rev10b BLUE -     11/12/11   92.



                 Yes. Are you going to going to
                 atomize the debris or do we have to
                 call the spaceworkers union rep?
      A small metal screw floats in space.



      Anton sits in shock with Valentina.

                 The... debris warning thing. Get
                 the debris.
      Valentina flips a switch and grabs the joystick.



      A laser beam fires out and atomizes the metal screw.

                 Good job Regina.
      The shuttle drone flies past where the screw was.



      Anton and Val hug.

                 Roger that Ground control. Nice to
                 hear from you, anytime.

                 Shove it Regina. Ground Control
                 out.



      Tilda and Jimmy walk into a medium shot, look out the window.
      Tilda takes Jimmy's hand in front of the window with the
      Earth rotating outside, space full of lights and shuttles.


