







                               Written by

                   Andrew Fleming &amp; Steven E. de Souza









    A serene landscape, mist collecting as the red ball of a sun
    dips behind the mountains.

    In the middle of a field stands a bare-chested man facing the
    sunset. He is HARRIS, forty-ish, greying but handsome, and
    very fit. His hands are outstretched as if embracing an
    invisible entity. He seems filled with some sort of
    transcendental power. Now, an air of fulfillment and resolve
    settles over him. He turns and walks away from us. CAMERA
    ADJUSTS and reveals--



    Once the home of Victorian Gentry, a few seasons of amateur
    repair work have not compensated for decades of neglect. But
    now as Harris walks towards it, the fading daylight and long
    shadows turn it into a fantasy castle. MUSIC ECHOES faintly
    from within; it's "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" by Iron Butterfly. If
    the music didn't place the era for us, the battered VW
    MINIBUS parked outside the house does; it's covered with
    flower paintings, slogans, and the ubiquitous peace sign.

    As Harris approaches the house, a dozen or so YOUNG PEOPLE
    rush to greet him and embrace him. Extending his arms out to
    enclose them all, he goes inside.



    This was probably a stately parlor in its day. There is a
    funky assembly of odd handmade furniture. There are muslin
    curtains on the windows, crude paintings, and quilts covering
    ripped chairs and couches. Despite the squalor, there is a
    neatness to the place. Now, the CAMERA begins to ROAM
    through the room and down the hallways lined with fading
    wallpaper.


                  
              --where did she go...? ... was
              here a moment ago... Cynthia, come
              on, honey, we need you... Cynthia,
              come out, come out wherever you
              are... the sun's going down, we're
              losing the moment...!





                 Hey, mellow out, we got ten
                 minutes, I like, checked the
                 almanac, okay...? Ready or not,
                 here we come...

    All these comments are made in relaxed and good natured
    tones. Finally the CAMERA PANS OVER to a little storage
    alcove beneath the servant's stairway. A HAND reaches in and
    opens the door, and inside we SEE cartons, antique toys...
    and then CYNTHIA, a pretty 13 year old girl who wears funky
    clothing and a haunted, nervous expression.


                 ...There you are, you naughty girl!
                 You almost made us lose the
                 sunset... Come on, honey, time's
                 wasting...

    She shrinks back from the HANDS that are pulling her up and
    out, but they prevail, and she's up and on unsteady feet.
    The CAMERA stays with her as she's led back down the hallway.


                     
                 No, please... I... I really don't
                 want to do this... Can't I just
                 wait for you..? I--I'm not sure
                 about this--

    A SET OF HANDS moves in, separates Cynthia from the others.


    Revealing VICTOR, a handsome youth a few years older than
    Cynthia.


                 Easy, Cyn, easy. You don't want to
                 do this, that's okay... right,
                 Harris?

    The VOICES stop as everyone awaits an answer. CAMERA PANS
    across the common room, to the end we haven't seen yet.

    In the center of the room is a big cistern or font. As we
    watch, Harris has just DUNKED someone in it. The person
    steps out, laughing, sloshing in amber liquid. Standing
    around are other people, some already dripping wet, others
    awaiting their turns. Some are clothed and wet, others in
    varying degrees of undress. It all seems slightly off,
    slightly eerie, despite their smiles and cheer. Harris
    splashes himself with the amber liquid from the tub, pushes
    his hair back.







                 No, Victor, it's not okay. Here
                 at Unity House, some things have to
                 be done...
                     
                 ...in Unity. This is one of them.

    He WADES CLOSER to the CAMERA, within reach of Cynthia,
    Victor and the others. Smiles again. It's the kind of a
    smile that inspires trust.


                 Cynthia, do you trust me?

    She nods immediately.


                 And have I ever lied to you?

    She shakes her head. He GESTURES. The people around Cynthia
    begin to GET INTO the tub. Some remove their clothing;
    others get in clothes and all. Toddlers and infants are held
    by their parents and playfully splashed.


                 Then I say to you now... to all of
                 you now... that this will be the
                 Ultimate Joining... of man and
                 woman... parent and child...
                 humanity and Godhead.

    He looks at Victor, who reluctantly lets Cynthia's hand go,
    gets in. Now only Cynthia remains.


                 Cynthia. Come. There is no shame
                 in this. No crime. No sin. Just
                 the final break with the old
                 world... As night falls, we start
                 a new day... a day of Unity.
                     
                 Come to me... my lovechild.


    His last words melt her remaining resistance. Moving like a
    sleepwalker, she steps into the tub, wades forward. Then she
    stops, looks down at the fluid lapping at her jeans... runs
    her hand through it. Her eyes widen.






    The sun almost gone now, red light reflecting on the gabled
    windows. Even the battered VW van looks good in this
    setting. It's beautiful.


              No!   No...


              Cynthia, come back! We can't do it
              without you... We must have unity,
              my lovechild... Unity, now and
              through eternity... Cynthia, you
              cannot run... You belong to us
              forever--!

    Pause. The faint SOUNDS of SPLASHING and then FOOTSTEPS
    skittering on tired wooden floors... and then--




    WINDOWS blow out. Splintered BEAMS propeller through the
    air. The VW camper on the lawn ROCKS with the shock wave.
    Then a SECOND EXPLOSION blows the Victorian cupolas and
    widow's walk off the roof. From somewhere in the distance we






    FIRE is CONSUMING what's left of the building. Rescue
    workers and firefighters are running back and forth.


    A plainclothes detective, he NODS to some uniforms, steps
    around some debris to move closer to the scene. He puts his
    collar up against the SPRAY which leaks from firehose
    connections. Seeing one of his men, he SHOUTS over the din.


              What have we got?


              Twenty-four bodies, Inspector.
              Maybe more.






     As he says this, both men watch as firefighters carry out a
     SCORCHED AND BLACKENED CORPSE that looks like a 3,000 year
     old mummy.


     It's set down on the ground beside other blackened bodies
     partially covered by tarps. As the body is set down it
     CRUNCHES, and a piece BREAKS OFF.


     Wasserman blanches, wipes his mouth.


                  Cause of fire?


                  Some kind of explosion... gas main,
                  methane, too soon to tell. God
                  only knows.


                  Let's hope He doesn't keep it to
                  Himself.


                  We got one! We got a survivor! Get
                  a stretcher and oxygen over here,


     Wasserman and the cop run up the slope with the others.


     Medics run around the parked VW, which drips water and
     chemical foam. Rescue workers move a FALLEN BEAM and pull a
     soot-blackened form out of a hole. As the CAMERA PUSHES
     closer, we see that it is Cynthia. Her clothes are torn and
     singed, and she is unconscious, but as they work on her we
     see that she is largely unharmed.


                      
                  Make room, make room! Get that
                  airway in! I got a pulse, whoa,
                  it's faint... Talk about lucky,
                  she musta fallen in the basement...
                  First and second degree burns...
                  Come on people, move your asses!








     Wasserman tries to keep up as they carry her on a stretcher
     towards an ambulance, put her inside. It ROARS AWAY, SIREN
     WAILING. MUSIC COMES UP AND OVER-- it's MAGIC CARPET RIDE by
     Steppenwolf.


                   
               --Authorities continue to
               investigate yesterday's mysterious
               explosion and fire at Unity House,
               the controversial New Age commune
               headed by self-styled Guru Adrian
               Harris. 32 people died in the
               blaze. Thirteen year old Cynthia
               Weston, the fire's only survivor,
               remains in guarded but stable
               condition at County General. In
               national news, newspaper heiress
               Patricia Hearst was abducted from
               her Bay area apartment shortly
               before dawn today... A communique
               from the so-called "Symbionese
               Liberation Army" demanded that...





     The doors CRASH ASIDE as Cynthia is rushed in on a gurney.
     The CEILING LIGHTS flicker past us as they move her into the
     emergency room.


               Blood pressure 90 over 30, we're
               losing her... Where's that cart?
               CLEAR! CLEAR! Okay, it's
               climbing... Watch the EEG...
               Brain activity, shit, damn low...

     We begin a SERIES OF DISSOLVES, including:

          A) WASSERMAN, who appears first in his clothes
          from the fire, then two other wardrobe changes;

          B) HOSPITAL PERSONNEL, at first the harried and
          rushed emergency staff, and then the more blase
          regular doctors and nurses;

          C) VARIOUS MEDICAL EQUIPMENT, as a series of
          DIAGNOSTIC TESTS are run on Cynthia--







          D) CYNTHIA, first in her fire-scorched clothing,
          then as it is cut away, and then in several
          HOSPITAL GOWNS, first white, then green, then
          blue...



          P) HOSPITAL CHARTS AND FILES, with ever-changing



                      
                  No sign of physical damage but
                  neurological functions still
                  depressed... Sorry, Inspector, no
                  changes... Patient comatose after
                  14 days... Brain scan shows minor
                  irregularities; pupil function
                  within normal range... Still no
                  sign of consciousness... Still
                  comatose after 21 days ... Sorry,
                  Inspector, we'll call you if
                  there's any progress... Still
                  comatose after 42 days... Patient
                  moved out of intensive care....

     As the MONTAGE CONTINUES, TITLES BEGIN. Now we HEAR VARIOUS
     NEWS BROADCASTS which come UP AND OVER, fading IN AND OUT
     with the medical VOICES. (If desired, TV NEWSCASTS might be
     seen as well on a hospital room's set.)


                      (filtered, in and out,
                       intermittently audible)
                  ...The mother of Martin Luther King
                  Junior was assassinated today while
                  she played the organ in her son's
                  church... interrupt to bring this
                  bulletin... Richard Milhous Nixon
                  has resigned as President of the
                  United States... As the Marine
                  guards hold back the crowds, the
                  last helicopters took off from the
                  roof of the Embassy in Saigon...
                  Bicentennial festivities begin
                  today in Philadelphia...


     We SEE Cynthia in her bad, always in the same near-fetal
     position. The only changes are the occasionally different
     hues of her blankets and the varying length of her hair.







                --leak at the Three Mile Island
                facility... 73 Americans remain
                hostage in the Teheran Embassy...
                Ronald Reagan has been elected 40th
                President... renewed fighting in
                the Middle East... assailant shot
                John Lennon at point blank range...
                President Reagan has been shot! He
                is in guarded condition at... The
                Pope has been shot! He was rushed
                by ambulance to... President Anwar
                Sadat has been assassinated...


      We SEE several SHOTS of this man, first as a white-coated
      RESIDENT in his late 30's, walking past Cynthia's hospital
      doorway, and then stopping, curious, and looking in on her...
      and then in--


      as  he checks
      in on the girl's unaltered condition as months and years
      continue to click by:


                ...the Korean airliner was shot
                down by a Soviet jet, killing all
                269 people aboard... invasion of
                the island Nation of Grenada...
                Prime Minister Indira Ghandi was
                assassinated by members of her own
                bodyguard... the PLO hijackers
                shot the wheelchair-bound American
                and threw his body overboard...
                Space Shuttle Challenger exploded
                moments after launch... renewed
                fighting today in the Middle
                East... President Corazon Aquino
                asked the soldiers to lay down
                their arms... Senator Gary Hart
                withdrew from the race... Fawn
                Hall... Lieutenant Colonel Oliver
                North... Contrascam
                Investigation... PTL scandal...
                munitions train severed the lag of
                a protester at the... renewed
                fighting in the Middle East...








     The HEAD NURSE looks up, smiles at a YOUNG FLOOR NURSE as she
     walks past. From somewhere we HEAR a Springsteen song on the
     radio.


               Debbie. What happened to your
               windsurfing lesson?


               No wind. I changed shifts with
               Nancy.
                   
               Well... time to weed the vegetable
               patch.

     We FOLLOW the young nurse as she goes into--


     Bored, the nurse goes to the foot of the bad, checks the
     chart there. She moves past MONITORING EQUIPMENT which shows
     only subtle movement. As she begins to take Cynthia's blood
     pressure, CAMERA CONTINUES ON INTO THE BED and we see
     Cynthia,

     She is now a fully grown young woman in her late 20's.   She
     is curled up in a fetal ball.


     finishes her work and then gathers some bottles from the side
     table. She goes to the door and then REACTS to a SOUND.

     She looks around, puzzled. Meanwhile, we SEE (and she
     DOESN'T) that there is INCREASED ACTIVITY on the monitors.


                   
               No... no... it's wrong...
               someone... please help...


               Holy shit...

     Stunned, the nurse DROPS the bottles with a CRASH.
     Recovering her composure, she darts back to the bed, watches
     flabbergasted as Cynthia continues to STIR, her arms weakly
     battling half-realized fears.






     The young nurse hits an ALARM, grabs Cynthia's arms to
     prevent her from pitching out of the bed, and then DOCTORS
     and NURSES are scrambling all over the room, and as the DIN
     RISES we





     FLASHBULBS pop and the HOSPITAL SPOKESMAN grins clumsily,
     famous for fifteen minutes.

     There's eight or nine reporters here, all of them wishing
     they were on bigger stories.


                      
                  Twelve years, two months...   nine
                  days.


                  Is that like a world record for a
                  coma or something?


                  Actually, no. The longest one on
                  record is 37 years.

     The first reporter closes a notebook, leaves.


                  Does she remember anything about
                  the fire at Universe House?


     Lieutenant  Wasserman is there.    He's grayer,
     paunchier, but the raincoat is the same one.


                      
                  Unity House. No, she appears to
                  have no memory of the accident
                  itself or the days leading up to
                  it. It's not uncommon after
                  serious trauma.


                  What happens to her now? Have her
                  family or friends been notified?









                  We stopped looking for any family
                  ton years ago.. Right now we"re
                  planning to transfer Cynthia to Dr.
                  S.A. Berrisford's Neuropsychiatric
                  Clinic. It's right here on our
                  grounds, and Dr. Berrisford is
                  familiar with both the
                  neuromuscular problems a patient
                  like this will encounter as well as
                  the inevitable mental readjustment
                  that will be required. Thank you.

     The reporters filter out.

     Wasserman is already gone.




     as it is clumsily set down...    another FOOT slides forward.



     Cynthia is standing inside a set of parallel bars. She's
     pale, weak looking. A PHYSICAL THERAPIST is at her elbow,
     egging her on.


                  Good... Very good... Come on,
                  just a few more steps...

     Cynthia blinks, as if just processing the therapist's word
     takes some adjustment.


                      
                  I... I can't... I have to rest...


                  Young lady, you've had fifteen
                  years of rest.

     CAMERA ADJUSTS to show DR. BERRISFORD. In his 50's,
     avuncular, he wears half-framed glasses and a sweater vest
     under his medical coat. Two pieces of tissue paper mark his
     razor's passage on his neck.









             Now walk to the end of that
             platform, or you won't got any
             chocolate ice cream.

Something about Berrisford's mock-stern tone bores in on
Cynthia, gets a reaction. She gropes for an answer.


                 
             I... I hate chocolate ice cream.


             Then walk to the end of the
             platform, or I'll shove an entire
             gallon down your throat.

Cynthia's eyes crinkle with confusion. And then, ah, she
gets it! A joke, the first one in over a decade. She
SMILES, and it's a beautiful smile. Setting her jaw, she
makes a renewed effort and reaches the and of the platform.
The therapist and Berrisford both move quickly to catch her
and set her down in a wheelchair.


                 
              That'll be all.

Berrisford begins wheeling Cynthia along. They leave the
therapy room, go down a corridor. (Note: Passage as per
location.) As they go by other patients and staff, there's a
general BUZZ as people whisper about Cynthia.


                 
             Am I supposed to know you or
             something?


             I've looked in on you from time to
             time... but that's hardly an
             introduction. You've been
             transferred into my care, Cynthia.
             I*m Doctor S. A. Berrisford,
             Consulting Chief of Neuropsychiatry
             and head of the Berrisford Clinic.


                 
              C-consulting Cheev-- Chief of--









               Oh, forget all that.   Just call me
               what my staff does.


               What's that?


               God.

     Cynthia LAUGHS. She likes this man's directness, the way he
     doesn't condescend to her.



     Berrisford parks her and site down across from her.


               What... what kind of doctor did
               you say you were?

     Berrisford notices one of the tissues on his neck.    Scowls,
     flicks it away.


               Obviously, I'm not a surgeon.
                   
               I'm a psychiatrist.


                   
               Why do I need a psychiatrist?


               Cynthia, you've been out of touch
               with reality for over ten years.
               Your recovery goes beyond your
               muscle tone... You have to ease
               into life... into interacting with
               other people again. Into a world
               that's changed so much that
               sometimes I get confused by it.
                   (taking out an appointment
                    book)
               Now, my assistant Dr. Goldman has a
               group therapy session every day...
               I'm putting you down for it,
               starting tomorrow...









                      
                  Group therapy? But--


                  Dr. Berrisford?


     Revealing Wasserman.    He shows his badge to the doctor.


                  I'm Lieutenant Wasserman. I left a
                  message with your secretary...?


                      (rising, meeting him
                       halfway)
                  And I left one with your desk
                  sergeant.
                      
                  I told you this would have to wait.
                  You shouldn't even be here--


     She can't help but listen as they continue in lowered tones.


                  I've waited fifteen years. That's
                  long enough. Now I want to speak
                  with Miss Weston.


                  Miss Weston is still recovering and
                  is in no condition for a prolonged
                  interrogation.


                      
                  Then don't prolong it. I'll be
                  brief with her, I'll be gentle with
                  her--


                  I'll let you know when she's ready--


                  E--excuse me...










     They turn and look at her.


               Doctor Berrisford, what's this all
               about...? This man wants to talk
               to me...?

     Berrisford starts to answer, but Wasserman rushes in.


                   (quietly, slowly, as if to
                    a child)
               That's right, Miss Weston. I just
               have a few easy, simple questions.
                   
               About you... and about Unity House.

     Cynthia looks at him strangely, turns to Berrisford.


                   
               Why is he talking like that? Is he
               one of your patients?

     Wasserman burns.   Berrisford LAUGHS.


               Lieutenant Wasserman is a police
               officer. And the word "patience"
               isn't part of his vocabulary.

     Wasserman scowls, not enjoying being the butt of a joke.    He
     resumes his normal tons, which is far from diplomatic.


               Miss Weston. What's the last thing
               you remember before...


               --Before the accident?   Nothing.


               Then how do you know it was an
               accident?


               Lieutenant!









          I remember... a beautiful sunset.
          Harris, smiling at me...


              
           Harris, he was the leader?

Cynthia's eyes are far away.    The memories come back...   the
words are slow, but vivid.


          Leader, founder... chief cook and
          bottlewasher...
              
          Executive in charge of Dreaming.
          We were all together... all
          working to make a now world...
          That last night, there was a...
              
          Gathering... a... a sort of...
          baptism... And then...

She winces, rubs her eyes.


          I'm sorry, that's all I can see.


          Miss Weston. This "Unity House"...
          was it a cult?


          I'm sorry.     I don't understand the
          question.


          A "cult," Cynthia. A syndrome of
          society you have been fortunate
          enough to miss. They're popular
          with impressionable people, the
          penny press...
              
          ...and lazy policemen who like to
          blame them for crimes they can't
          solve.

Wasserman closes his notebook, gives Berrisford a cold stare.


          I was there that night, Doctor. I
          watched them stack those bodies...





               men, women, children. They looked
               like 2,000 year old mummies. They
               broke apart like 2,000 year old
               mummies.

     Cynthia gasps.


               If it was an accident... fine. If
               it wasn't... the person
               responsible could still be out
               there.
                   
               And he's probably as interested in
               Miss Weston's memory as I am.

     He turns, nods to Cynthia.


               Feel better.

     He goes out.   Cynthia's breath comes in short gasps.   Finally
     she calms.


               I don't like that man.


               That makes two of us.

     He sits beside her again.


               But as long as you're here...
                   
               I can keep him away.

     CAMERA TIGHTENS on Cynthia as she considers this...





     The room is cheery, commands a view of the city. A VIDEO
     CAMERA sits unobtrusively in one corner. Six people sit in
     chairs in various stages of interest and/or boredom.

     They are MIRIAM, an attractive woman in her forties, who
     chain-smokes designer cigarettes;

     CONNIE, smiling, chipper;







ED, overweight, friendly;

LANA, pale, worried looking;

and GILDA, tiny, frightened, withdrawn. She sits with feet
pulled up on her chair, arms wrapped around her knees.

CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Cynthia driving her electric
wheelchair into the room and into a place in the circle.

RALPH stands. Long-haired, with the staccato delivery of a
stand-up comic, he smiles.


             Well, now that we're all here, we
             can begin. Cynthia, I'm Dr.
             Goldman, and I'd like to welcome
             you to our little group. I don't
             know how much my colleague Dr.
             Berrisford has told you about my
             methods. I have my detractors...
             but I have my successes, too!
             We're going to get you out of your
             depression... We're going to got
             you out of your neurosises...
             We're going to got you out of that
             hideous hospital robe and into a
             flimsy revealing negligee--one with
             the little holes here? I can see
             us now on a desert island... You,
             me, a portable waterbed--

As Cynthia's eyes widen, DR. ALAN GOLDMAN comes into the
room, sighs with weary familiarity at Ralph's antics.
(Actually, Alan doesn't look much more like a doctor than
Ralph.)


             Ralph, sit down and cut out the
             shit, okay?


             Dr. Goldman, I was on the verge of
             a major breakthrough, and you blew
             it!


             Ralph?
                 
             Cynthia. I'm Doctor Goldman--at
             least, last time I checked...






          and I doubt if my welcome can equal
          Ralph's, but I'll try. This is the
          Borderline Personality Group. And
          you are now a card-carrying member.


          What's a borderline personality?


          Don't ask him. He's making this up
          as he goes along.


          A borderline personality is one
          that can't be accurately placed on
          the Neurosis-Psychosis arc. As a
          personality syndrome it encompasses
          identity crises, chemical
          addictions, emotionalism, anxiety-


              (standing, SCREAMING like
               Sam Kinison)
          You forgot VIOLENT MOOD SWINGS!

He sits, smiles sweetly.


          He also forgot suicidal tendencies.
          But, as one whose previous
          reincarnations stretch back to
          Ancient Atlantis, well, suicide is
          meaningless anyway.


          And don't forgot binge eating.
              
          Gourmet binge eating.


              
          I told you he was making this up.


          If everyone is finished--


              
          They're not finished, Dr. Goldman,
          they won't be finished until they
          have her feeling as miserable and
          pathetic and confused as they are.








          I am confused--


          See?
              
          I hope you're all happy--


          Dr. Goldman, I... I don't really
          know what I'm doing here. I
          mean... I don't think I meet your
          description of a Borderline
          Personality--


          Give yourself some time, Cynthia.
          We'll help you work on it.


          --and I don't really know what I'm
          doing here.


          Didn't Dr. Berrisford explain?


          He said he thought that this would
          help me... fit into the 80's.

Miriam CRACKS UP.


          Honey, you want to fit into the
          80's, you're already two divorces,
          one condo and a yeast infection
          behind. Why don't you just catch
          up with the 70's and move to
          Cleveland?


          If I can offer a more practical
          suggestion... Why don't you talk,
          Cynthia?


          Talk...?


          About something close to you.









           Stop beating around the fucking
           bush, Goldman! Just come out and
           ask her!


               
           Do you have to be so crude?


           Come on, Cynthia. Dish out the
           dirt. Tell us all about Unity
           House.
               
           The last gasp of the Age of
           Aquarius. Building a better world
           through... what? Chemistry? Good
           vibrations? Tie-dying your undies?


           I'm sorry to disappoint you. I
           don't have those kinds of stories.


           Back off, Miriam. Cynthia, just
           tell us about the orgies.


           Ralph, I'm going to bore you.

She thinks for a minute, starts to speak. She's hesitant at
first, and then the old memories come forward. She's
sincere, earnest... captivating.


           What we felt... what we
           believed... was that if people
           could become selfless enough, if
           they could free themselves from
           their egos, they would experience
           a... togetherness. A... oneness.
           A Unity. That's where the name
           came from. We had a dream about a
           perfect society based on trust. On
           love. On totally committed
           togetherness. We weren't trying to
           change the whole world. We were
           just trying to change each other.

Pause.   Everyone is affected by her sincerity.









                     
                 Bullshit.


                 No.


     AS everyone turns, astonished. Gilda gets out of her chair,
     slowly walks towards Cynthia. Takes her hand. And smiles.


                 It's beautiful. It didn't matter
                 if it worked. All that mattered
                 was... you tried.


                     
                  Exactly!





     WIDEN from a TV SCREEN which shown the above moment.   As the
     group session CONTINUES UNDER, CAMERA PANS to reveal
     Berrisford and Alan watching the tape.


                 Gilda hasn't said three words in
                 three weeks. And now, Cynthia
                 comes in with this love, peace and
                 Woodstock routine and... presto.
                 Am I missing something, or what?


                 She's espousing a total belief
                 system. A kind of holistic healing
                 matrix not unlike the dynamic
                 energy shift model. Isn't that
                 interesting? They're adopting it,
                 embracing it.


                 Too bad we can't follow through on
                 this.


                 Why not?








                  Dr. Berrisford, the people in this
                  group... some of them are deeply
                  disturbed. Cynthia doesn't belong
                  with them-- an experiment for one
                  session, fine, but in the long run--


                  Alan. We've opened primary
                  channels of communication. You've
                  opened them, Alan. Let's not rush
                  to throw away our progress.
                  Neuroses are hardly contagious. A
                  few weeks in the group won't hurt
                  Cynthia. With luck, she'll
                  overcome her memory trauma. That
                  would mean progress... not to
                  Mention getting Lieutenant
                  Wasserman off my back. In the
                  meantime...

     He stands, puts his hand on the younger man's shoulder.


                  She seems to like you. See if you
                  can get her to open up, and let's
                  press on.
                      
                  With a united front?


                  A united front.   Sure.

     Satisfied, Berrisford smiles, goes out the door.     Alan sighs,
     and looks at Cynthia's image on the screen.





     Patients in different stages of fitness use the equipment,
     some with supervision, others on their own. HETTIE,
     Berrisford's chief nurse--a Selma Diamond type--comes in with
     a tray of medication in paper cups. She works her way over
     to where


     is doing log lifts on a bench. She's in a leotard and leg
     warmers, and there's real color in her face for the first
     time.







             Drop down to first gear, honey.
             It's Miller time.

She fumbles on her tray for the cup marked "Weston," hands
the pills to Cynthia along with a cup of juice.


             What are these? Vitamins?


             Beauty secrets from the orient.
             Look what they've done for me.

Cynthia laughs, takes the pills. Hettie moves over to Ralph,
who's just finished doing bench presses.


             Ralph, you in a cooperative mood,
             or do I have to tie you up again?


             Promises, promises.

He takes the pills she gives him, smiles.      She just looks at
him, taps his mouth.


             Open.

Of course the pills are still under his tongue. Hettie gives
him a shot in the solar plexus and he GULPS. Hettie hands
him the juice.


             Next time I hit lower.

She moves on to other patients.     Ralph moves over to Cynthia.


             She's crazy about me.
                 (watching Cynthia's
                  workout)
             You're coming along. A regular
             Rocky.


             Rocky?   The flying squirrel?


              Rocky the fighting Stallone.
                 





          I keep forgetting you just left the
          Twilight Zone. Hey, why don't you
          come up to my room, and I'll bring
          you up to date. I've got a VHS
          VCR, a CD, and MTV.


          You're making this up...      aren't
          you?

He just grins. She slips down to the floor, does some
stretching exercises.


          Sounds like a complicated world.
          How do you handle it?


          Well, whenever it gets to be too
          much, I just let all of the
          negative stuff out of my body.


          You mean with meditation, yoga,
          what?


          Nah. I just make a little hole and
          let it all escape.

He pulls open his shirt. On his chest and arms are dozens of
scars in neat little rows.

Cynthia swallows, stunned.      Nonplussed, Ralph buttons back
up.


          Uh-uh, here comes the assistant
          Ayatollah. See ya.

As Ralph exits, Cynthia looks around, puzzled.


          "Ay-a-toll-ah..?"

Then she sees Alan.


          Buy you some lunch?


          Sure.







     He starts to help her up.   She pushes him off gets up with a
     theatrical hop.


               I'm impressed.

     They walk out of the therapy room.


               Impressed enough to call me a cab?


               I'm not sure I follow you.


               I've been talking to Ralph. He
               told me about his... personal
               therapy program.
                   
               And I've been watching the
               others... Dr. Goldman, they belong
               here. I don't.



     They pass Lana and Miriam who are swallowing medication from
     Hettie's tray. The two women patients wave at Cynthia, who
     smiles.


                   
               Please, call me Alan. Doctor
               Goldman is my father...
                   
               ...and my grandfather. I think my
               first baby toy was a stethoscope--


               You're changing the subject...
                   
               --Alan. I'm feeling stronger. I'm
               getting used to things like VC
               esses and MCDs. I want to leave.


                   
               Your parents died when you were a
               child. We haven't been able to
               locate any relatives.

     He stops at the elevator doors, hits the button.







                  Where would you go?


                  I guess I'd just look up some of
                  the old hands from Unity House...
                  crash with them for a while...
                      
                  ...do people still say "crash"--?


                  Cynthia...
                      
                  There aren't any old hands left.
                  The fire that injured you...? It
                  took everyone also with it.
                  They're all gone.

     Cynthia reacts as if struck...    has to loan against the wall
     to catch her breath.


                  I knew there were deaths...   but...
                  everybody?


                  I'm afraid so. Look, Cynthia...
                  I'm not saying this to upset you,
                  but the sooner you realize that
                  that whole phase of your life is
                  over, and move on, the better off
                  you're going to be. Why don't you
                  bring this into the open... talk
                  about it in group? Oh, here's our
                  ride.

     Saying this, he turns as an elevator OPENS.      It's pretty
     crowded. He holds the door for her.


                      
                  Talk about it...?

     Seeing he's waiting, she straightens, moves into the
     elevator.




                  Could somebody hit one?   Thanks.








                 
             "Talk about it in group." Is that
             the answer to everything around
             here?

The doors CLOSE. Everyone huddles in the compact space
silently, politely. The elevator heaves into movement.     It
HUMS as it whisks down the shaft.

The overhead fluorescent light in the car is weak.    It
flickers off and on momentarily.


             Nobody ever said it would be easy.
             And it works for a lot of people.


                 
             It's not working for Ralph... or
             his chest.
                 
             Can't you at least transfer me...
             get me in a group of people with
             problems a little more like mine--


             Cynthia, we don't have a lot of
             patients who've been in a coma for
             over a decade!

The light gets weaker. Finally it just goes out.     There is a
general SIGH of annoyance from the passengers.

The light FLICKERS on every few seconds giving off the effect
of a strobe light.


             You'd think with what they charge
             here they could pay their electric
             bills




             Relax. They're probably giving
             shock therapy.
                 
             "It works for most people".

More LAUGHTER. Then Cynthia is RIVETED by the sight of
something across the elevator.






     In the LIGHT of the next strobe like FLASH, we see HARRIS!
     He is staring at Cynthia.


     Staggered, disbelievingly, she moves behind Alan, looks over
     to the far corner again.

     Another FLASH. Harris is gone. Suddenly the ELEVATOR JERKS
     TO A HALT, but the doors DON'T OPEN. Passengers GROAN,
     annoyed.


                  Oh, great--

     The emergency BELL starts sounding. Cynthia, still confused,
     gets shoved against the back wall as the passengers busy
     themselves pushing buttons.

     Cynthia bumps into the man next to her.        She looks up at him.

     FLASH.   It is Harris.

     FLASH. Harris reaches out to Cynthia. She CRIES OUT, jerks
     away, slamming into Alan, falling to the floor.


                  Jesus, lady, relax! We're on the
                  ground floor--


                  Let me out! Let me out--!

     FLASH. Cynthia is on the floor. She raises her head.
     Someone is on the floor right across from her.

     FLASH.   It's Harris.    His face is burned and skeletal.     He



                  Unity, Cynthia...   Now and forever!

     He has no eyelids or lips. Cynthia SCREAMS, struggles to her
     feet, knocking over another passenger. Now it's chaos in
     here.


                  Let me out, let me out!   Alan,
                  help, help--!









               Cynthia, you cannot run...      You
               belong to us Forever--!


     Struggles across the crowded elevator, catches her in his
     arms.


               Cynthia..?

     The elevator doors suddenly OPEN.



     Cynthia literally TUMBLES out of the elevator, staggers along
     the wall, holding herself up. Alan runs out to aid her. The
     passengers get off the elevator, looking at her oddly. A
     CUSTODIAN runs up and turns off the alarm.


               Cynthia, what happened--?


               It's him!     It's him!   He's alive--


               Who's alive?


                   
               He's alive! Right over--

     She stops. The elevator is open and empty. The passengers
     watch her, some concerned, some voyeuristic. Now they drift
     away.


                   
                --there...

     Alan just stares at her.





     Berrisford sits, listens intently to Alan.








             --hallucination, flashback, I don't
             know what to call it-


             How about psychotic episode?


             No, no, she doesn't fit the
             pattern--


             Addictive personalities can be
             borderline. You know that--


                 
             She has no history of drug abuse--


             There's other kinds of addictions.
                 
             we see it in these fringe religious
             groups... these instant creeds
             with pseudo-Messianic delusions.
             You've heard how she talks about
             Unity House? Perhaps that's her
             drug. Perhaps she's going through
             a--withdrawal of sorts. Her memory
             lapses about Unity House are
             equally symptomatic... There's
             some violent turmoil under that
             pretty little facade.


                 
             You put her in the Borderline Group
             and she became one?


             No.




             I believe she went into that coma
             a disturbed young lady. Fifteen
             years later... nothing has
             changed.








     We can read the name on the locked security door (albeit
     backwards.) A SECURITY GUARD watches a basketball game on a
     portable set.



     This is not the room we saw when she was comatose, but a
     brighter, more residential arrangement. Cynthia sits on the
     bed, watches as Hettie counts out pills for her. Cynthia
     swallows them, hesitates at a red one.


               This one's new.


               It'll help you sleep.
                   
               Sort of a post-elevator cocktail?

     Cynthia scowls, takes it. Hettie goes out. Cynthia lies
     down on the bed, stiff. Turns over once or twice. Sighing,
     she picks up the TV remote, shakes her head at the myriad
     buttons. Finally she finds the right one, CLICKS IT.


     She's come in on the middle of a group therapy scene from THE
     BOB NEWHART SHOW. (NOTE: Or maybe THE SNAKE PIT or SHOCK



     She watches until she realizes what it is, then CLICKS it
     off.



     Hettie leans over the security guard's desk. The guard
     GROANS in frustration an the basketball game ends.


                   
               Pay up. Twenty bucks.

     Neither notices a DARK FIGURE passing by close to the CAMERA.






     Cynthia lies restlessly in her bed. She hears footsteps
     coming closer. They stop at her door. She looks over.

     There is a SHADOW moving in the crack under the door.   The
     doorknob TURNS. Cynthia sits up.


               Who's there?

     She reaches for the button to call the nurse, but then the
     door is OPEN, and the figure stands there silhouetted.


                   
               Cynthia?

     The figure comes forward. Cynthia backs off the other side
     of the bed and turns on a light.

     It is Victor, the boy we remember from the opening scene.
     The years have been kind to him. He stands there, the dim
     light spilling on his Army field jacket and bell-bottomed
     jeans.


               Cynthia?   It's me.   Victor.


                   
               Vic? Oh, my God--

     She practically leaps across the room, hugs him with all her
     strength.


               Look at you.
                   
               Little Cyn.
                   
               Not so little anymore.


               Vic, this is just... fantastic,
               it's the most incredible...
                   
               But... how can you be here?


               Yeah.   It is after visiting hours--







                  I mean... they said that...      that
                  everybody died.


                      
                  Do I look like a ghost to you?


                      
                  How did you survive? How did you
                  find me? Is anyone else--


                  Whoa, whoa. It's a long story...
                      
                  Let me tell it somewhere else. I
                  feel like I'm in, like, the
                  Pentagon or something.

     Cynthia grins, grabs a light jacket.


                  Then let's go AWOL.



     Victor peeks out the door. An orderly passes, then
     disappears. Victor and Cynthia tiptoe out, sprint down the
     corridor to a stairwell marked "EXIT", and they are gone.



     Victor takes her hand, and they run towards a battered VW
     van. We recognize it and its slogans.


                  Zeke!   You've still got Zeke!

     She runs her hand along the dusty side lovingly, and then
     they hop inside.


     Rusted, dated 1973.     The van DRIVES AWAY.








     It's a tacky but cozy building, circa 1958. "Zeke" pulls up,
     rattling to a coughing halt. They get out, head up the
     steps.



     They come in, turning on lights. It's a dingy couple of
     rooms, but lush with its variety of objects. Everything
     looks like it came from the Age of Aquarius: beanbag
     furniture, paper "Tiffany" shades on hanging lights,
     blacklight posters, hanging macrame planters.

     Cynthia loves the room and everything in it. But she is
     particularly drawn to a canvas on an easel in the far corner.


     It's of her, sitting serenely in a meadow, the Unity House
     perched prominently on a hill in the distance. (In the
     doorway, the bare-chested FIGURE of a man may--or may not--be
     barely visible.) Cynthia's clothes in the painting are the
     ones she wore in the opening scene.

     But her face is that of today's Cynthia.



               I... did it by memory. I tried to
               imagine... what you'd... look
               like today. Guess I came pretty
               close.


               It's beautiful. More beautiful
               than I ever was.


                   
               Then you need a new mirror.

     she smiles, flattered.    Suddenly a CAT jumps up on a crate.


               That's Chairman Meow.

     Cynthia picks him up.    Victor takes out a bottle of tequila
     and two glasses.







                  You still haven't told me how you
                  lived. I really can't remember
                  anything about the... accident.


                  It wasn't an accident.

     She stiffens.    His eyes are far away.


                  A lot of people back then, they
                  hated Unity House. Hated Harris
                  and his dreams... dreams of
                  peace... of oneness. That hate
                  fed negative energy into the cosmic
                  vortex... Something bad was bound
                  to happen. That hate was so
                  strong... so envious of what we
                  had...

     He has SQUEEZED the shot glass in his hand so hard that it
     EXPLODES. Cynthia JUMPS, and that's when he notices it.


                      
                  Oh, fuck--


                  You've cut yourself--

     She comes over, binds his hand with a dishcloth.     He holds
     onto her.


                  I guess talking about the past can
                  be a little dangerous.

     He pours a shot into the remaining glass.


                  Let's drink to the present.
                      
                  To us.

     He SIPS.   Passes the glass to her.


     She hesitates...    smiles.   Drinks.

     There is a drop of blood in the glass.     She doesn't see it.







               To us.



                   
               To... Unity.

     He pulls her close. They KISS... she seems to malt in his
     grasp. The cat jumps down. Slowly they kiss and touch each
     other. They stop and stare into each other's eyes.

     He moves his hand over her shoulders, neck, through her hair.
     She is completely his.





     Half a dozen candles illuminate the room.

     Cynthia and Victor are making love. Not violent, but slow,
     passionate, dreamlike. They are completely enjoying each
     other. The satisfaction seems spiritual. They stare into
     each other's eyes the entire time. They are lost.

     Gradually Victor's rhythm builds. As his momentum increases,
     as the ecstasy nears, Cynthia accelerates too. Heaving,
     gasping, they are approaching a beautiful climax.

     But just when it seems Victor is on the verge, the very
     threshold, he stops and JUMPS violently out of bed.


               Oh Jesus!


               Victor?

     Victor paces around the room, practically bouncing off the
     walls.


               Oh, my God. I can't believe it.
               What a great idea...! Too amazing!
               Too amazing!


               Is something wrong?








             Not wrong, Cynthia...right! The
             most right thing in the world!

He goes to his closet and pulls out a shoe box. He holds it
with a coy expression, like a kid hiding a frog. Cynthia's
annoyance with the break in mood fades in light of his
exuberance. Their tone with each other remains loving,
kidding.


             Are you going to tell me your
             little secret, or should I just got
             dressed?


             I'm sorry, Cyn, but I just got the
             most incredible idea. It's
             absolutely beautiful! Do you want
             to know what it is?


                    
             Yes!

He sits on the bad.


             I was just thinking about what we
             were doing here together...


             I should hope so...


             Wouldn't it be incredible if, right
             at the perfect moment right when
             we're coming, if we did it?


             Did what?


             What we were meant to do, of
             course.


                 
             ...meant to do...?









          That sunset. That last night.      At
          Unity House. Remember?


          No...     No, Victor, I don't...


              
          They all got to go. You and me...
          we got left behind... while they
          went on.
              
          Guess that's why they say life
          ain't fair. Well...

He opens the box.    Inside it are TWO PISTOLS.


          --we can fix that.


              
          My God, Victor! Put those away--

He ignores her, checks the cylinder on the revolver, the clip
on the automatic.


          This is so great! I mean, I've
          been living with all this shit,
          thinking about you, searching...
          going nowhere. And you, hell, you
          don't fit in with Ralph and Miriam,
          those other flakes... Berrisford
          and Goldman, they're a waste of
          time--


          H-how do you know about them? I
          never--

He SLAMS the clip home, CLOSES the cylinder.


          Yeah. We had the answers, way back
          then. Unity. Unity, now and
          forever. Cynthia, this is our
          second chance!

She shrinks away from him on the bed. He bounces closer like
a kid at a pajama party, holds out one of the pistols.







          Okay, you do me, and I'll do you--
          but wait until I say go! Hey, get
          rid of the sheet... Let me see
          that grown up body...

He grins, puts the gun to her head and gets an top of her.


          No, Vic. Please.       Please!   I don't
          want to do this!


          Yes, you do. You know you do.


          No!

He's holding her down.   He's getting into it.


          Oh, Cynthia, it's so beautiful.


          God, God, no--


          We're on the edge of space and
          time.

He spreads her legs under the sheets. She's struggling
against him, but it's no use. He's too strong. He's coming
closer.


          Oh, good... good... ummm...
          ummm...
              
          Cynthia, it's happening. Put the
          gun to my head.


          Jesus, Vic, no!


          Yeah, oh yeah...     oh, YEAH--

A SHOT sounds.   She SCREAMS--








     Cynthia BOLTS up out of bed.


               No!

     The candles are out.    Victor isn't in the room.

     Cynthia, drenched with sweat, slowly catches her breath.      She
     looks around, confused.


               Vic?

     She goes into the other room.



     No Vic. It is dark except for a FIRE in the fireplace. The
     flames REFLECT oddly on the slick surface of the oil painting
     of Unity House.


               Vic?

     She checks in the kitchen. Nothing.       She looks back in the
     bedroom. The apartment is empty.

     She's just calming when--MEEOW! The CAT LEAPS out of
     nowhere, startling her, and then running out of sight.

     She swallows. Very nervous now, she sits on the couch and
     starts pulling on her jeans and shoes. The CAMERA MOVES
     AROUND her, revealing the entire apartment. We see EVERY
     ANGLE. It is completely quiet and still. The CAMERA SETTLES
     at one ANGLE on Cynthia. A shadow behind her MOVES.


               Where are you going?

     Cynthia JUMPS from fright.


               Jesus, Vic. I thought you... left.


               Me?    Leave you all alone?

     He pulls her into his arms.      She hesitates.







                  Vic?   Vic, are you... happy?


                  That...
                      
                  ...has to be..
                      
                  ...the stupidest question I ever
                  heard...

     He keeps kissing, caressing.


                  I mean... with... life.   With...
                  being alive.

     He looks at her oddly.


                  What are you talking about?


                      
                  Never mind... I had this...
                  bizarre dream...


                  Welcome to reality.

     He touches her soft face. He runs his hands down her neck.
     They kiss again, she now completely without reservation.
     Their embrace is so all-encompassing that, when she opens her
     eyes, it's only then that she SEES


     She is kissing a BURNED AND SCARRED FACE WITH ONLY CLUMPS OF
     PUPPY BLACK MUSCLE HANGING ON THE BONE. It is Harris' face,
     the face we saw in the elevator. Cynthia GASPS, fumbles
     backwards off of the sofa.


                  What's the matter?

     She looks back up at him.     He's Victor again, normal again.


                  Cynthia?

     She knocks over a tequila bottle. It's spilled all over the
     floor. She is speechless. He picks the bottle up.







               Why did you pull away?


               I...    I think I'd better go.


               Why?

     She's over by the door.    Victor comes and presses against it
     so she can't get out.


               Please let me out.


               I don't understand...    What did I
               do?


               Nothing. It's not you, it...     it's
               me. I just want to go.


               You know, maybe you belong in that
               clinic, because this, this is
               crazy! We were having a good time--
                   
               I'm sorry. Look, what we were
               feeling... it was special.

     She softens--


               --it was Unity.
                   
               Unity, Now and through Eternity...
               Cynthia, you cannot run...

     That does it.    Pale, she scrabbles at the doorknob, opens it,
     runs out.


               You cannot run... You belong to us
               Forever--!



     She runs out of the building, past "Zeke."      She looks back.










     Victor is in the window waving, firelight dancing behind him.
     The reflection on the glass makes the painting on the wall
     look totally aflame.





     Cynthia has her thumb out as the cars whizz by.     One stops.



     A sweaty-looking DRIVER eyes Cynthia.   She just looks off,
     depressed and afraid.



     She gets out of the car and goes in the main entrance.



     She makes her way to her room looking tired, distraught.



     She lies on her bed, exhausted, trying to sleep.     She can't.
     She gets out of bad.



     She's looking for an office. She goes in one marked Dr.
     Goldman. He looks up from his coffee, sees her ashen
     expression... pulls out a chair. Listens as the words
     tumble out. His expression changes... to skepticism... and
     then, as she breaks down SOBBING, to concern. He holds
     her... thinks...

     ...reaches for his car keys.








     They are travelling along the highway.      Cynthia POINTS.   He
     turns onto another street.



     They pull up in front, park.     Go inside.

     CAMERA LINGERS long enough for us to notice a puddle from an
     OIL LEAK exactly where "Zeke" was parked.





     The MANAGER, a fat woman in a muumuu, waddles ahead of them,
     a huge keychain CLINKING with each of her steps.


               Apartment 2-B, right?

     Alan looks at Cynthia.


               Right.


               2B or not 2B, that is the question.

     She chuckles at her own wit, arrives at the door.      Opens it.



     They step inside. The place is completely bare.       No
     furniture. Nothing. Cynthia is stunned.


               B..but...     it... it's empty!


               Of course it is. I     don't show
               rented apartments.     Anyway, what
               you see is what you    get... one
               bedroom, gas range,    yadda yadda
               yadda.







                  Supposed to be six months minimum,
                  but you seem like nice kids, so if
                  you want a month to month, we can
                  work it out.


                  This... this is impossible...
                  Alan, I was here... He was here-

     Cynthia is staggering around the room, looking everywhere.
     She stares long and hard at a DUST-FREE rectangle where the
     painting...

     ...might have been.


                      
                  How long has this place been
                  vacant?


                  'Bout six weeks. Couple a
                  deadbeats... their damn kids tore
                  the hell out of it, too--


                  Alan, I don't care what she says,
                  this is it! Look, look--
                      
                  There's a double-door closet in
                  there on the left.

     Alan goes in.



     Alan looks and sees the closet as she described it.




                      
                  Well?


                  Cynthia, a double closet isn't
                  exactly a positive I.D.--


                  What are you two talking about? You
                  wanna rent, or what?






     Cynthia looks around, suddenly points to a stain on the rug,
     triumphant.


                  There! There, look--that's where I
                  spilled the tequila...
                      
                  See? See? It's still wet!


                      
                  Hon, I think that's from the
                  ceiling...

     CAMERA TILTS UP. There is, indeed, a corresponding damp spot
     directly above the one on the rug. As we WATCH a DRIP plops
     down.


                  ...damn plumber was supposed to fix
                  it last week.
                      
                  So! We in business?





     Wasserman SLAMS his hand down on the desk, furious. Cynthia
     JUMPS, squeezes Alan's hand. Berrisford sits quietly, leans
     forward and picks up the pan holder Wasserman has displaced.


                  Twelve hours! You wait twelve
                  hours to tell me about this? Am I
                  supposed to be grateful for your
                  civic-mindedness? I told you the
                  Unity House case was still open--
                      
                  --and she's the only lead. You
                  should have called me the minute
                  you found out--


                      
                  Found out what? Lieutenant, if I
                  called the police every time one of
                  my patients experienced a fantasy
                  or a delusion, you'd have to move
                  in here--








                 
             It was not a delusion! Victor
             Lunes was here--


             The security guard didn't see
             anyone--


             Then the security guard needs
             glasses! Alan, tell them--


                 
             The apartment did match her general
             description--


             --a one bedroom flat with a beige
             rug... that's rather... generic.


             --Victor isn't generic--


             Victor is dead! Dead for fifteen
             years--


             --you've seen his body?


             --it was burned beyond recognition--
             but there was I.D.--


             I knew it--I knew it-


             Cynthia. Look... we've all done
             it... tumbled out of bed positive
             that we've just lived something
             that was only a dream--


                 
             Damn it, it wasn't a dream--I was
             out there--









          No one's denying you flow the coop,
          Miss Weston... You wanna prove the
          rest? Lemme get a policewoman to
          stand by while a gynecologist
          checks out your plumbing. We'll
          see soon enough if your ghost left
          a calling card--

Cynthia hauls off and gives Wasserman a tremendous SLAP.


          You bastard.

She goes to the door, looks at the doctors.


          You...
              
          --experts!

She goes out, SLAMS the door.    Wasserman rubs his jaw, checks
his mouth.


          Wonderful! Wonderful! I've been
          waiting and waiting for her to
          finally show real anger--real
          emotion! This could be a
          breakthrough!
              
          Thank you, Lieutenant.

Wasserman holds a filling in his fingertips.


          Hey.   Anytime.






CAMERA PANS past a row of PILLOWS. We WIDEN, see that each
member of the group has a big pillow in front of them.


          Okay. First off, we're all going
          to feel a little silly and maybe
          look a little silly...









                       
                   Especially in that shirt you're
                   wearing, Goldman...


      She sits, looking very distracted. As Alan continues
      speaking, he occasionally looks at her, but--to her relief--
      deliberately doesn't single her out.


                       
                   --but this technique works, and
                   we're going to release some of our
                   hidden aggression. Who's going to
                   go first? Lana?


                       
                   How many helpless goose had to die
                   to fill those stupid pillows?


                       
                   None, Lana. They're polyester.
                   Ed? Want to start?


                   Nah. Let's talk about the geese
                   again. Nice fat ones, with all the
                   trimmings--


                   All right, how about if we all
                   start together and eliminate the
                   wimp factor. Come on.

      He starts POUNDING his pillow with a steady beat. Gradually,
      self-consciously, the others JOIN in except for Cynthia.


                       (standing, walking around
                        the circle)
                   Okay. What are we feeling?


                       
                   We used to do something like this
                   in the royal palace in Atlantis.
                   But we used bags of dried kelp.








                Your brain is a bag of dried kelp--


                    
                Ralph. Miriam?


                    
                I'm pretending this is my first
                husband... No, maybe my third...
                    
                Can I have a baseball bat?


                Please, people, let's work at being
                serious.

      He moves behind Cynthia, who's still unmoving.   Leans close,
      whispers.


                I know you had a rough night.   But
                you have to participate.

      She sighs, starts to pound the pillow. At first she's very
      distracted, but then she gets into an unconscious rhythm...


      All of them are finally and legitimately exorcising personal
      demons.


                Okay, that's better. Now let's
                hear some emotion. Let it out.
                yell! Scream!

      Miriam gives a very theatrical scream. There's some
      laughter, but others try, too. Gilda begins to give little
      angry yelps. Ralph is really punching some ancient enemy.
      Connie does a respectable if modest SCREAM. Ed SNARLS with
      more anger than we'd expect.


      begins hitting the pillow with growing strength. Her eyes
      are far away. She begins to BREATHE HEAVILY. CAMERA
      TIGHTENS ON HER. She closes her eyes. When she opens them,
      she REACTS TO--






      The scene in exactly like the first time we saw this room
      with one difference: the hospital Group Therapy crowd sits in
      the room. They are oblivious to the change around them. Now
      their pounding gradually UNIFIES, becomes a background voodoo-
      like DRUMMING.

      Cynthia is speechless. She looks at then in amazement, but
      none of them notice her. Suddenly she sees


      He's across from her, SMILING.    Again, he sleeks back his
      hair in that amber liquid.


                 You failed me, Cynthia...   You
                 failed all of us...

      Harris holds a wooden match. With it he presses back a
      fingernail. It snaps off and bleeds. Harris watches
      Cynthia.


                 We were supposed to be together...
                 in this world... and in the next...

      CAMERA WIDENS to take in the cistern of liquid.    We SEE the
      dripping wet Unity members.


                 It was going to be perfect, all of
                 us taking the same journey... You
                 shouldn't have run. You made us
                 wait for you while you slept...
                 all those years.

      He presses back another nail SNAP. CAMERA WIDENS FURTHER.
      Now we see something we didn't see before: a dozen or so
      PLASTIC JERRY CANS marked "GASOLINE--DANGER--PLAMMABLE."


                 The waiting time is over, my
                 lovechild. It's time for you to
                 join us. In Unity...

      Another.   SNAP.   Hands and faces everywhere are soaked.   They










                   In death.    You know you want it.

      SNAP.   Drip.


      Her throat muscles constrict, but she can't speak. She looks
      over at Alan, who seems not to see any of this. Now, eyes
      widening in horror, Cynthia LOOKS DOWN and sees a POOL OF
      GASOLINE SPREADING TOWARDS HER. It washes against the
      pillow, her knees.



                   You know we're your family...

      SNAP.   Drip.


                   ...You have no choice...

      He takes the match and strikes it through the pile of nails.

      The nails scatter.


                   ...Come to us, Cynthia. It's time
                   to die. Don't lot another take
                   your place. Come to us... now.

      The match is lit.    He throws it off.


      It FALLS through the air. Lands on the soaked carpet.   An
      EXPLOSION of flames. They RUSH TOWARDS CYNTHIA--




      It is a blood-curdling and heart-stopping a scream as ever
      heard.

      There is a FLASH of light.








      Cynthia's SCREAM trails off as she THROWS herself back from
      the pillow.

      The Unity House Members and Harris are all gone.

      The group therapy people all turn to her in amazement.


      Open mouthed, she DROPS the match she's holding to light a
      cigarette. It SIZZLES on the rug. Alan STOMPS it out,
      rushes over to Cynthia, who SAGS in his arms,





      Cynthia sits in a crumpled sprawl in Alan's office. The room
      is decorated in comforting tones, with Sierra Club posters
      and outdoors-y souvenirs. The late afternoon sun steams in
      through the partially closed blinds.

      Alan sits beside Cynthia on the couch, concerned.   Berrisford
      sucks on his pipe, makes notes.

      Wasserman, rocking on the legs of his chair, jots in his own
      little notebook.


                    
                ...They... they sang songs as they
                stacked up the white containers...
                they were... happy. Because it
                was going to be their break with
                the world... a world that didn't
                understand them. I don't remember
                if they took a vote or if Harris
                just... decided. But they all
                agreed. They were... happy...
                smiling... laughing... crying from
                happiness as he drenched them in
                the gasoline...


                    
                --Jesus--









             Somehow, I... I knew it was
             wrong... I ran... When he threw
             the match, I was at the other end
             of the hallway... There was a
             flash... and a... like a wind, or
             the hand of God--picked me up,
             threw me... The ceiling fell in...
             When I opened my eyes...
                 
             I was here.

Hettie appears in the doorway, tray in hand, raises her
eyebrows inquisitively at Alan. Alan nods immediately: Hell,
yes. Hettie comes in, gives Cynthia her medication.

Wasserman closes his book, looks thoughtful.


                 
             If that's what happened, why didn't
             you find any evidence of arson?


             The plastic jerry cans would've
             burned up before anything else...
             We knew there'd been an
             explosion... We just didn't know
             how or why.

Berrisford stands, approaches Wasserman as the police officer
closes his book, moves to the doorway.


             Well. You must be pleased.
             Closing a case after... what is it,
             twelve years?


             Who says it's closed?

The medical people look at him.      Cynthia's thoughts are
elsewhere.


             What's that supposed to mean?


             When the fairy princess here woke
             up, she said she didn't remember
             anything about 32 deaths. Now she
             remembers they committed suicide...





               but she, of course, was innocent.
               Who knows what she'll remember
               tomorrow? Running for help... or
               pouring gasoline on the fire?

     He goes out.


               That man's a candidate for shock
               therapy... with a car battery
               right to the cojones.


               No... he's right.     I am guilty.

     They look at her, startled.


               I'm guilty of lying... to Unity
               House. I promised to be part of
               it... Forever. They expected me
               to keep my word.
                   
               They still do.

     She stands, goes out. Alan and Hettie look worried.
     Berrisford looks... unsurprised. He turns to Alan.


               Well, Alan. Still think she
               doesn't belong in the group?

     Alan just looks at him.





     Cynthia, in her bathrobe, wanders out of the shower in
     between the dark, steamy rows of lockers. She passes Lana
     and Miriam. Miriam is dressing, and Lana is putting on a
     swimsuit.


               Nothing like a hot shower, huh?

     Cynthia doesn't hear or see them. She settles on the far end
     of the bench. She sits there blankly. Lana nears, with
     great trepidation.


               Cynthia?   Cynthia?   Are you okay?






Cynthia looks up.


             What?


             Are you all right?    After that
             session today, I--


             I'm fine.

Cynthia starts to dress, ignoring Lana.         Lana stands there
for a moment, very awkwardly.


             I think... you're a decent
             person... not a... mean spirited
             witch like some people...

She thrown a look at Miriam, who just smiles pleasantly.


             --and, well, if you need a friend
             here...


                 
             All my friends are dead.

Rattled, Lana backs off, on the verge of tears, rushing past
Miriam, who has observed all this.


             Lana, wait a minute, she didn't
             mean it--shit.

Miriam closes her locker and comes over to Cynthia.


             I know Lana's a mealy-mouthed
             little prude, but she means well.
             I probably pull her chain too
             much... She's reaching out, like
             all of us. Try and help her.


             I can't even help myself.

Miriam looks at her, puzzled, then exits the locker room,
heading back to the ward.






      Beyond the lockers, through a doorway, we see Lana lowering
      herself into the pool. Blue ripples line the wall beyond.


                    
                Be cleansed!

      The SOUND of the VOICES unnerves Cynthia.     She presses her
      hands against her forehand in pain.

      We are TIGHT ON Cynthia.    We hear SPLASHING.


                Cleanse the heart of your mind.

      A bright white light melts across Cynthia's face.     She looks
      up. Something draws her forward.


      She begins walking, passing behind CLOTHES RACKS and LOCKERS.
      Then, somehow, the SHADOWS of these things become the SHADOWS
      of TREES, and then Cynthia is


      which leads down to a POND. Twenty or so PEOPLE are gathered
      at the edge of the water. We see the Unity House in the
      distance.

      Cynthia moves behind a tree to watch. Harris stands waist-
      deep in the pond. The Unity House Members all sit or stand
      on the shore. Harris holds his hands out in a gesture. A
      girl comes forward through the group out into the water. It
      is Cynthia, the younger Cynthia, with long hair in a braid.

      She smiles at Harris as she nears him. He clutches her
      hands. Behind the tree, Cynthia watches "herself," absorbed.

      Harris looks into Cynthia's eyes.    He touches her face.


                Cynthia.     You are part of the
                whole.

      He grabs her by the back of the head and plunges her
      violently under water.


                Cleanse the heart of the mind!

      He yanks her up.   She smiles exultantly.    He dunks her back
      down.







                Cleanse the soul of the self!

      He yanks her up again, but it's not Cynthia. It's LANA.
      Before she can catch her breath, she's plunged back down.


      She's yanked up, but this time she's not in the pond, she's
      in that gasoline-filled cistern!


                Cleanse the spirit of the body!

      He holds her under. She starts to move her arms around to
      grab hold of something to pull herself up, but Harris is too
      strong. She flails around desperately.


      Alarmed, she moves forward--



                    
                Cleanse the spirit.

      Lana's gasping, inhaling water, turning blue.    Harris is
      possessed.


                Cleanse.

      Her movements slow.   Her eyes close.   She is completely
      still.


      He looks directly at Cynthia.


                I warned you, Cynthia. I warned
                you someone else would take your
                place.


      His HAND withdraws from Lana. Her eyes OPEN. No life there.









      We're in the clinic's swimming pool! On the edge of the
      pool, Cynthia SCREAMS, drops to her knees in horror.


      The clinic CUSTODIAN and some staff run into the room.


      Someone wades out to Lana's body, drags it to the concrete
      deck, tries futilely to pump life back into it.

      Across the pool, Cynthia flails at the people trying to help
      her.





      TIGHT on Cynthia's arm as a clear liquid is injected into her
      vein. We WIDEN, see Berrisford has injected her. Alan
      watches, concerned.

      Cynthia flails on the bed, already reacting to the sedative
      qualities of the drug.


                --He killed her--he killed her
                because I broke my word... He said
                he'd take someone else, and he
                did... She wanted my help... my
                friendship... That's why... he
                took her...

      She's out cold. Behind the doctors, in the doorway, the
      other clinic patients press close, curious. Hettie pushes
      them out and down the hallway.


                Move it, people, this ain't a
                sideshow... Get back to your
                rooms...

      Alan looks down at Cynthia with genuine concern.    But
      Berrisford eyes her totally clinically.


                    
                Fascinating.







                  She's a textbook specimen from a
                  collective environment, an
                  immersion philosophy, run by an
                  extremely manipulative figurehead
                  with Messianic delusions. Unity
                  House at its apex must have been a
                  classic matrix of belief impression
                  overlaid on collectivity--
                      
                  That would indicate she's
                  symptomatic of a hypothetical
                  Borderline Personality syndrome
                  among cult followers, all
                  externalizing their anxiety!
                      
                  What do you think?

     Alan looks at him disbelievingly.


                      
                  I think she's fucking freaked out
                  about Lana!


                      
                  Possible.



     The patients file past the nurse's station, taking their meds
     from Hettie. They look unsettled.


                      
                  Did you see the swimming pool this
                  morning? The cops are all over
                  it... Fingerprints, photographs...


                  Next they'll send in the fucking
                  coast guard. Lot of good it'll do
                  Lana.

     HE SMASHES his fist on the counter, denting it.    Hettie looks
     at him.


                  Ralph, we're gonna start billing
                  you for these outbursts.








      Ralph just crumples his medication cup and throws it towards
      her. She glares at him, doesn't say anything.


      Cynthia and the other women from the group sit in a waiting
      area. Connie sits in a sunbeam, looking ethereal. Gilda is
      nearby, unmoving... tear stains on her cheeks.


                   Drowning isn't so bad... I
                   remember when I died in Atlantis...
                   It was like failing asleep. You
                   know what's bad? Burning. When I
                   was in the great Fire of London,
                   well, let me tell you--

      Hearing this, Cynthia chokes back a sob, jumps up and leaves
      the room. Miriam whirls on Connie.


                   Connie, I don't know about your
                   previous lives, but in this one,
                   you're a shithead.

      She follows Cynthia.



      Cynthia is on the bad, crying. Miriam comes in, sits beside
      her... Cynthia jumps at the weight on the bad, calms when
      she sees who it is.


                   Honey, you can't blame yourself.
                   Lana was an unhappy girl.
                   Sometimes unhappy girls do foolish
                   things.


                   She didn't kill herself.

      Cynthia sits up.


                   It was Harris.


                   Harris?









             From Unity House. He comes to me,
             Miriam. He talks to me. He
             reminds me that I was supposed to
             go with them that night--


             Go with them--


             Through the fire. To the next
             world. They waited while I was in
             a coma... He told me that if I
             didn't join him, he would take
             someone also... and he did it,
             Miriam, he did it!

Miriam gets up, her face a mixture of sympathy... sympathy
and something else. She lights a cigarette. Involuntarily,
Cynthia FLINCHES at the spark.


             You...   you don't believe me, do
             you?


             I believe that you believe it. And
             I also believe that shooting you up
             every time you get the heebie-
             jeebies ain't gonna do shit for
             your real problems. We gotta get
             you out of here--get you to some
             nice place at the beach or the
             mountains where you can fight your
             demons in your own way. Right?


             But I don't know anyone.   I don't
             have any money.


             You know me.


                 
             And you have money, right?











                Look. Despite popular opinion to
                the contrary, I have not always
                been the career borderline
                psychotic neurotic that I am today.
                Up until a coupla years ago I was a
                writer, a reporter, a damn good one
                too... Hell, I really kicked some
                ass with that Selectric...

      She seems lost in thought for a moment. Unconsciously, she
      scratches her wrist... a wrist where we notice for the first
      time a PURPLE SCAR across the veins.


                    
                I was on the staff of a magazine...
                Well, some people called it a rag,
                but it was home: ME! Magazine. You
                heard of it?


                    (shaking her head,
                     diplomatic)
                I was in a coma.


                Oh, right. Well, when they took me
                off to the funny farm, Saul--he's
                the editor--he said I was always
                welcome back. Maybe this is the
                time. See, if I can go to him,
                tell him your story, I could get a
                big advance... I'd share it with
                you, and we'd be set! I mean,
                girl, your story has everything...
                death, hospitalization, weird
                rituals, maybe a little romance--
                I've seen all those longing glances
                between you and Goldman-


                What--!


                --and now with poor Lana we got a
                little mystery. Hell, you're not
                an article, you're a goddamned mini-
                series!








               I...   I don't know...


               Cynthia, let me be honest. This is
               a great story, and it means a
               second chance for me, so, okay,
               there's some self interest here.
               But I really think you need to tell
               people about Unity House... about
               the way decent ideas and dreams got
               twisted into something sick and
               poisonous. You owe it to the
               world. You owe it to yourself.
               It's your life, and you have to ask
               yourself how you want to live it...
                   
               --if you want to live it.

     Cynthia turns, mind made up.


               Let's do it.





     Cynthia walks along with Miriam towards the banks of
     elevators.


               I think I know a way to make a
               phone call. We'll have you out of
               here tonight.

     Miriam suddenly stops, almost paralyzed with anxiety.


               Cynthia.    This is the right thing
               to do.


               Of course it is.


               Uh oh.     Mum's the word.

     Alan is coming down the hallway towards them.   They move
     towards the elevator.








                 
             Ladies. Good to see you
             socializing, Cynthia.


             Yes.
                 
             See you later. And...     thanks.


             Thank you.

Miriam then gets into the elevator.         The doors remain open,
Alan turns to Cynthia.


             How are you feeling?


             Fine.


             Good.

He heads off in the opposite direction. Cynthia watches him.
She turns back towards Miriam. Miriam is alone in the
elevator except for one other person.

Miriam smiles and waves.

Cynthia smiles and waves.

From behind Miriam, Harris, all burned and puffy, smiles and
waves.

The elevator doors close.


             No!

Alan whirls around.       Cynthia rushes to the elevator.


             Miriam!    Stop!

She bangs on the buttons. She pounds on the doors.          Everyone
in the corridor turns to look.


             Cynthia?







     He starts to approach.   She runs to a stairwell.



     Cynthia sprints down a flight.    She goes out onto



     Cynthia runs to the elevator and pounds on the button, but
     the elevator car has already passed.


                   
               Miriam, get out!

     She races back to



     She flies down the steps.    We can hear ALAN tailing her.


               Cynthia!

     She swings around a turn into a flight and trips.     Suddenly
     she's ROLLING DOWN A



     She SLAMS into a tree.   We see the Unity House in the
     distance.


               Cynthia!


               She's trying to get away!

     There are PEOPLE pounding through the brush all around her.
     She gets up and runs along the path into the forest.


               Cynthia! We want you to stay with
               us! You mustn't be afraid!

     She is in total panic, running blindly.









                  Please, no.

     Branches thrash her face. She can barely see where she is
     going, but she comes to a halt when she reaches a dark
     precipice, a cliff which seemingly has no bottom--just black
     as night.

     The people are getting nearer.


                  She's over here.

     We see someone nearing through the brush.


                  No pain, Cynthia. There's no pain.
                  Come with us. Share with us. Take
                  my hand.

     Cynthia looks down the cliff.


                  Take my hand.

     Cynthia backs away. She starts lowering herself down, trying
     to get footing. Some rocks slide out.




                  Cynthia, take my hand.

     The Orderly rushes to her, but she wavers dizzily and FALLS
     down the half-flight. She's dazed, but she becomes alert
     when she sees the orderly approaching. She picks herself up
     and runs.



     She gets to the elevator. The door is just closing, but it
     opens again against a purse--Miriam's purse. The elevator is
     empty. Cynthia whips around looking for her. Orderlies and
     nurses are moving towards her.

     At the opposite and of the hallway, a window is broken.
     Cynthia runs to it. There is a WOMAN'S SCREAM from the
     street below. PEOPLE YELLING. Cynthia looks out and down.

     We know what she sees.    She covers her face.






      An orderly takes hold of her. She is docile now, almost
      weak. Alan runs up. He looks out the window. So does a
      Nurse.


                   Jesus.

      The nurse crosses herself.    Cynthia is escorted away amid the
      confusion.



      The CAMERA IS MOVING FORWARD, TOWARDS the window.

      It seemingly goes OUT THROUGH THE WINDOW.

      The FRAME is filled with bright blue sky.

      Silence, except for a slight BREEZE.

      Someone is falling through the sky.       It is MIRIAM.

      We see her CLOSER, flowing down, the wind rushing up round
      her. She is happy.


                   Cynthia, it's really quite
                   beautiful.

      The ground comes rushing up and we SLAM into it.







      It's not a session.    It's a wake.   Cynthia sits, face half in
      shadow.


                   They want us all now. They want us
                   with them. Whether we like it or
                   not, we're going,


                   Cynthia, we're all upset by what's
                   happened. But let's not get--









             Harris promised us eternal bliss on
             the other side when we're all
             together.


             Eternal bliss....


             Eternal bullshit--!


             Miriam was going to write a story
             about me. He killed her because
             she was going to help me got out of
             here.


             Cynthia, please...


             You're not listening to me! He
             wants us all to die! He wants you
             all with them, and it's because of
             me!
                 
             It's all because of me...

Berrisford addresses a pack of about thirty REPORTERS and
PHOTOGRAPHERS and CAMERAMEN.


             Dr. Berrisford, what would you call
             two suicides on your promises so
             close together?


             I'd call it a tragic coincidence.
             Unfortunately, Borderline
             Personality Disorder is indicative
             of a pre-existing disposition
             towards suicidal tendencies.


             What about the commune girl? Has
             she confirmed that the fire was
             some sort of mass suicide?


             As that is a police matter, I am
             not at liberty to comment on it.








                Speaking of the police, doctor,
                isn't it true that they suspect
                that the recent deaths may not have
                been suicides at all?


                That's completely absurd.   Where do
                you get this nonsense?


                    
                From Lieutenant Wasserman. He
                confirmed to me that he's assigning
                some of his officers to the
                hospital grounds until further
                notice.

      Pandemonium as the other reporters seize this information.


                    
                Doctor Berrisford, are you
                cooperating with the police? Dr.
                Berrisford, do your patients have a
                history of violence?


                Ah... I have work to do.    No
                further questions.

      And--flustered for once--he leaves the room.





      It is raining.   Cynthia sits in bed, in the dark.

      We see the CHARRED AND BURNED HARRIS sitting across the room
      in a shadow. Cynthia looks over at him.


                You're in pain, Cynthia.

      He reaches up to his face, and peels off some skin.    It
      CRACKLES and oozes. He peels off more.


                Your pain is my pain. We share it
                all, because we have our love.





                   Our love will never die. Don't
                   make me take another of your
                   friends. Keep your promise,
                   lovechild. Join me.

      She stands, fumbles for the switch, knocks over a glass, and
      turns on the light.

      He is gone. As she stands there in shock, a HAND touches her
      shoulder, spins her around. She GASPS--

      It's Alan, who's just opened the door.        He looks at her,
      worried.


                   I didn't want you to be alone.

      She sways, dizzy, sags in his arms.


                   Looks like I was right.





      Connie is sitting on her bad. She takes her pills from
      Hettie dutifully. Ed comes in.


                   What are you doing here?


                   You know me at feeding time.

      He takes his meds from her, smiling. CHEWS THEM loudly and
      sloppily until she grimaces and goes out.

      Then, the minute the door closes, Ed and Connie are in each
      other's arms. They kiss like characters in a Harlequin
      Romance.


                       
                   Why didn't you tell me before that
                   you were a Prince of Ancient
                   Atlantis?


                   It slipped my mind ...    your
                   Highness.







       She kisses him passionately again.    He breaks the clinch,
       pulls her towards the door.


                    They'll have bed check soon.   I
                    know a better place.



       Alan site on the counter across from Cynthia's bed.    He plays
       with the hinged mirror on the wall.


                    I don't know if you want to hear
                    this or not, and frankly, I don't
                    care.

       As he toys with the mirror, we see a CANTED REFLECTION of
       first Cynthia and then the hallway. A nurse passes by.


       As she listens.


                    You are no more responsible for
                    those deaths twelve hours ago than
                    you are for the ones twelve years
                    ago.

       Something catches her eye.


       Connie and Ed walk by.


                    Thinking otherwise is putting you
                    in a self-replicating spiral of
                    depression. And that puts me in a
                    bind... What do I do, write more
                    prescriptions? You need to face
                    reality, not get medicated out of
                    it...

       Cynthia GASPS.    HARRIS HAS APPEARED IN THE MIRROR, following
       Ed and Connie.










       Cynthia jumps up, heads for the door.    Alan catches her by
       the wrist,


                    Damn it, Cynthia, you can't run
                    away from this--


                    It's Harris--he's going to do
                    something to Connie--to Ed--!

       Alan SLAPS her.    She pales... tries to hit him back.


                    Good! Get mad--get angry--but not
                    at me--at these fantasies--!

       She stands on rocky feet, unsure...



       Connie and Ed come to a door marked "Utility." Ed looks
       around cautiously and opens the door, relieved that it's
       still unlocked.



       Once inside the small space, he kisses Connie. He pulls out
       a pint flask of schnapps from his bathrobe pocket. He gives
       her a swig.


                        
                    Nectar from the grapes of Atlantis!


                    No fooling you.

       He leads her back to a door that's labeled "DANGER:
       Authorized Personnel Only." The lock is busted open.     They go
       in.






      There are metal grating steps leading up to a platform that
      sits adjacent to a huge spinning turbine, its six-foot blades
      WHIRRING at top speed. Air ducts lead in and out of the
      space.

      Connie is uplifted, frightened, exhilarated. Their clothes
      and hair are blown around. They ascend the platform, and sit
      across from each other. They each take a swig. They kiss
      softly, spiritually.


                I'm so happy.



      The door to the utility room CLOSES.   It LOCKS.



      Connie and Ed stare into each other's eyes.   They are lost.

      The CAMERA MOVES IN AND OUT between and around them,
      exploring the depth of their absorption. The CAMERA MOVES
      TOWARDS the huge spinning turbine. Its SOUND builds to a
      tremendous ROAR.

      We see Connie and Ed through the door into the turbine room.
      The door is pulled closed by someone or something. The knob
      locks.



      Cynthia keeps looking at the door, worried.


                Miriam and Lana were both deeply
                disturbed women. Miriam tried to
                kill herself before. Lana was
                obsessed with the morbid... You
                heard her in the sessions. You
                can't twist what they did into
                something other than what it was.

      Just then, all the lights go OUT.









                   Now what?

      In the darkness, he stumbles towards the light, flicks it.
      Nothing. The door OPENS. In the dim light of the hallway
      emergency lamps, we SEE Cynthia go out.


                   Damn it, Cynthia, come back--!

      Trying to follow, he COLLIDES With some furniture.


                   Shit--!



      Darkness and confusion. Cynthia passes by the CAMERA. A
      moment later Alan comes by, looking for her. Other patients
      come out and wonder. Flashlights. A NURSE streams by.


                   It's just overloaded circuits.
                   Everyone, please go back into your
                   room.

      CAMERA ADJUSTS to show an elderly, skeletal custodian, EDGAR,
      on the phone.


                   The turbine room upstairs? All
                   right.
                       
                   We'll set it straight in a minute.
                   Somethin's caught in the turbine.


                   Hurry.



      Edgar comes up to the utility door, but it won't budge.


                   Goddammit.

      He walks off.






       This is a low passageway between floors. Edgar has to stoop
       under the ducts and pipes. He comes to a small hatchway in
       the coiling above him marked "CAUTION: Turbine."

       There is a latch which has to be pulled to release the
       hatchway. Edgar pulls. It's stuck. He yanks with his frail
       body. The latch barely moves.

       A TRICKLE OF BLOOD streams out at the edge, but Edgar doesn't
       see it.

       Edgar yanks and pulls with all his might, groaning and
       heaving. Finally he stops in frustration. He sits an a
       duct, resting.

       Just then the latch undoes itself. The hatchway slams open.
       Edgar is showered with red lumpy fluid. He is coated with
       it.


                  What the hell?

       Edgar looks down. In the pool of red is a woman's shoe.
       Puzzled, he bends down, picks it up. Something FALLS OUT OF



       It is a SEVERED HUMAN FOOT.


       as he reacts in shock, the spinning turbine begins to
       SPLATTER DROPS OF BLOOD on him.





       Cynthia comes towards us.       Alan, further down the hall, sees
       her.


                  Cynthia--!

       Cynthia turns, reacts...       and then reacts to--









                    Cynthia.   Cynthia.


                    Connie?

       She goes into another corridor. Alan hurries to catch up,
       but then has to help a nurse with a frightened OLDER WOMAN.



                    Cynthia.

       Cynthia moves down the hall a bit.       She looks up at the
       coiling.



                    Cynthia, we're up here!

       Down the hall further, another vent.


                    Come with us, Cynthia!


                    You must join us, Cynthia!

       Cynthia follows the voices. She is underneath another larger
       vent with a fan spinning inside. Everyone in the hall
       ignores her.


                    Cynthia, you must reach out and
                    embrace our love for you... You
                    must reach out to me...

       We see Harris now, behind the fan, in brief flashes of light,
       burnt then normal, gazing down at Cynthia. He reaches
       towards her.


                    Where are Connie and Ed?

       His fingers ARE SLICED OFF BY THE FAN.       He takes no notice.


                    They're with us now.








       We hear SPLASHING. Cynthia looks over. Gallons of blood and
       solid matter pour out of the ceiling vents all down the hall.


                 Where are they?
                     
                 Where are Connie and Ed?   Where are
                 they?

       Alan wonders at the pouring red, then he hears Cynthia
       screaming. He runs down the hall to stop her.

       The patients and nurses watch the blood pour in horror.
       Cynthia is getting more and more hysterical.


                 Where are Connie and Ed?

       Alan corners her.


                 It's all right--it's all right--

       Suddenly, out of nowhere, a BL00D-COVERED BODY careens into
       them, driving them apart!


       It's Edgar, covered with blood, in a total state of shock.


                 --horrible--sweet Jesus--help me--

       Alan struggles to restrain him.   Nurses run to help.


       Huddles on the floor in a position not unlike the one from
       her coma. She SOBS uncontrollably.





       Alan and an orderly escort Cynthia to her room. Alan comes
       out, watches Edgar pass by in a wheelchair, raving. Ralph
       and Gilda come up to Alan.


                 What the fuck is going on?








                   It's Ed and Connie.    They're dead,
                   aren't they?

      Alan looks at her.       How did the grapevine got it to her so
      fast?


                   Yes. We're not sure what
                   happened... There was evidence
                   that they were drinking... They
                   fell into... the main turbine.


                   Fuck... Look, Ed drank before.
                   Lots of times. Didn't know that,
                   did you? But he didn't usually
                   decide to jump into a mix master,
                   man!


                   Ralph, as for your own safety, you
                   are being given the most amount of
                   protection possible.


                   The police are powerless.    Ask
                   Cynthia. She knows.
                       
                   Harris wants us all.

      Ralph looks at Gilda with almost as much dismay as Alan.


                   Jesus Fucking Christ!    I'm getting
                   the hell out of here.

      Ralph storms out.



      As Ralph moves along, a paunchy POLICEMAN intercepts him.


                   Now what?


                   Lieutenant Wasserman assigned me to
                   you. Where you go--









                   I get the picture. Try not to
                   shoot me or your fat ass, okay?







      The newscast continues silently on the TV in her room.    She
      is getting dressed. She peaks out the door.



      The Policeman assigned to her is down the hall a ways,
      chatting with a nurse. Cynthia slips out and down the
      corridor.

      She waits for an elevator. When a door opens, she tries to
      inconspicuously slip inside but she finds herself face to
      face with Alan who in just getting out of the elevator. He
      holds a grocery bag.


                   Isn't this a coincidence?


                   I'm getting out of here.

      He takes her arm and starts leading her back to her room.


                   Believe it or not, this is the
                   safest place for you to be. The
                   police are here. There are doctors
                   here. And I'm going to keep you
                   company, all night. I even brought
                   provisions.

      He shows a variety of fast food.


                   Pure unadulterated junk. At this
                   point, who cares about the
                   chemicals?

      She smiles slightly. He holds his arm out for her like a
      swain escorting his date. She takes it in a similar spirit.






       The policeman comes out of Cynthia's room, looking for her in
       alarm. He's instantly relieved to see her there with Alan.
       Alan directs her inside. She goes. Alan gives the Policeman
       a look.


                    Try harder next time.

       He goes into her room, leaving the embarrassed cop behind.
       Suddenly the LIGHTS RETURN with an eye-jarring FLASH. The
       cop has his revolver halfway out of the holster before he
       realizes what it is.



       They both react   to the returned power with relief. Alan
       takes the stuff   out of the bag: chips, dips, cookies, six-
       packs of beer.    He offers some of the chips. She shakes her
       head. The TV's    still on. Alan switches channels with the
       sound muted.


                        (with frightening
                         casualness)
                    Connie and Ed aren't going to be
                    the last.


                    Yes, they are. Everyone's under
                    protection. Nothing can happen.




       pointing upwards. An outstretched hand SLAMS itself down,
       the blade impaling through the palm. The hand squirms its
       fingers a bit, then pulls off.



       He gets up clenching the perforated hand. He is very calm.
       He closes the knife and puts it in a drawer.

       Suddenly, violently, he kicks a trash bin.      Then he is calm
       again.

       Ralph's assigned Policeman pokes his head in the door.


                    Everything okay?






      Ralph sticks his hand behind him.       He is very friendly, very
      normal. He smiles.


                   Yes, thank you, officer. Hey,
                   lemme buy you a cup of coffee.


                       
                   Sounds good to me.



      Ralph comes out of his room. Ralph's policeman is beside
      him. His hand bleeds, but goes unnoticed.



      Alan lies back in front of the TV, eyes closed, SNORING.
      Sympathetic, Cynthia slips the remote control from his
      hand... then there is a KNOCK at the door. She goes there,
      finds Ralph, who steps inside.


                       
                   Just a sec.


                   Ralph? What is it?


                   Nothing. I just came to tell you--
                       (smiling,
                        conspiratorially)
                   Everything's gonna be okay.


                   What's going to be okay?

      He goes into the bathroom and rinses his blood-soaked hand.
      Cynthia sees this.


                   What happened to your hand?


                   Don't worry. Everything's gonna be
                   okay.









                   Ralph?

      Cynthia is mystified.    He goes.



      Ralph walks off, his Policeman following.


                       
                   Ralph?



      She comes in and pokes Alan awake.


                   Ralph was just here.   His hand
                   was... all bloody.

      They go to the door and they are immediately faced with
      Hettie.


                   Dr. Goldman, have you seen Ralph?


                   I was going to ask you the same
                   thing.

      She holds up a paper cup with a tablet in it.


                   He didn't take his four o'clock.
                   If he misses this one, I'm gonna...

      Alan takes the capsule, examines it.


                   Shit! It's his tranquilizer! If he
                   doesn't take this, he'll completely
                   flip out--!

      Alan and Cynthia run down the hall.     Cynthia's policeman
      follows.






      Alan and Cynthia and the policeman scan for Ralph.


                Look.


      Every five or six feet along in a line, there is a moderately-
      sized droplet splatter of blood. They follow the droplets
      along the hallway.

      They follow the droplets through a set of double doors.



      Ralph walks along, his policeman trailing.        No one else is
      around.


                Are you sure you know where you're
                going?

      Ralph stops suddenly and turns to him. Ralph smiles warmly.
      Suddenly he hits the cop in the head using two fists.

      The cop falls.



      Alan and Cynthia's policeman move down the hall, following
      the drops, scanning in doorways. Cynthia is just behind
      them.

      These hallways are unused.       Nobody around.


                Was he behaving strangely?


                No more strangely than everybody
                also in this place.


                     
                I can't get him. He must be shut
                off.







      They pass an open freight elevator.       Cynthia looks in it and
      stops.

      There is a droplet of blood on the floor inside.


                   Hey.

      A BLOODY HAND reaches out of the elevator covering her mouth
      and pulls her inside.



      Ralph holds her, slams the gate closed, and flips the switch.
      The car moves down. Cynthia SCREAMS.



      Alan and the policeman rush up just as the car disappears.


                   Cynthia!



      They descend.       She wipes blood from her face.   He looks
      wired.


                   Ralph, we have to go and get your
                   medication.

      She slowly moves to the control panel. He watches her. Just
      as she is about to reach the buttons, he violently pushes her
      back.


                   Relax.

      He smiles.



      The elevator comes down to a stop. Ralph throws the door
      open. It is a huge dark space, a vast store room. Cynthia
      won't come out. Ralph gestures politely.









             Ralph, I'm not going out.    We have
             to go back upstairs.

Ralph grabs her firmly and pulls her out.


             Ralph, please!


             I have to talk to you.

He leans in the elevator, opens the control panel and yanks
some wires. Sparks fly. The HUM of the elevator motor dies.
Cynthia is panicked.


             It's very, very, very, very, very
             important that I talk to you.


             Ralph, you're not being yourself.
             Can't you tell?


             No!   This is the real me!

He flies across the basement and, grabbing a chair, smashes
the control box for the electric cargo door, the only other
entrance.

He darts up a storage aisle.      He rips a phone off the wall.


             I come down here a lot. It helps
             me unwind.

Cynthia can't see him. He wildly paces up and down the
storage aisles. Cynthia starts to cry.


             Ralph, please! How do we get out?


             It's been said by better men than
             me in better ways in better times--
             there is no way out!

She goes to a barred window.


             Help!






Ralph goes into a rage. He pushes over a huge storage shelf.
Everything spills and breaks. Amid the rubble a pile of
surgical blades lies glinting in a pool of light.

Ralph looks down at it.

Cynthia sees him looking at it. She is afraid. He grabs
some of the blades randomly and disappears. He is walking
crazily up and down the storage aisles. Cynthia only catches
glimpses of him. He jumps up and breaks the individual LIGHT
BULBS which hang on wires, providing the only illumination.
The space grows DARKER. All the while, Ralph talks and
talks.


          There are only a few chances for
          real glory, and most people fuck it
          up. Most people can't even find
          the noses on their fucking faces.
              
          You want an example? How about
          EVERY FUCKING DOCTOR in this entire
          hospital? Do you think I'm just
          going to let myself slowly dissolve
          into nothingness here?!
              
          I'm talking about a glorious glory.
          And everybody's trying to drag me
          down!


          Ralph, please, they said you have
          to take some pills.


          Pills have got nothing to do with
          it! You know what I'm talking
          about!

He jumps, smashes the last bulb.   She can't see him.


          No, I don't. I don't.


          You do! Real glory, hallelujah!
          The great big gig in the sky.
          Don't play dumb, Cynthia.

She sees him at the far and of the aisle. His shirt is off.
There are deep, bleeding cuts all over his chest and stomach.
He has blades clenched in both fists.






Cynthia is terrified.


          I think you know the word I'm
          searching for.

He starts making deep slashes on his arm.


          U, N, I, T, Y! Unity!


          Oh God, Ralph! No!


          Yes, oh, yes! Eternal bliss!

He stops and raises the scalpels to his chest.   He jabs them
in and cuts open down to his stomach.


          Ralph, please, stop!

He swats at the one remaining lamp. It flickers on and off.
Ralph's eyes flutter. He FALLS. Cynthia rushes to him.


          Ralph!

He throws a scalpel at her.   It misses, but she is spattered
with blood.


              
          Get back.

Cynthia is crouched down, crying as she watches him.


          Join us, Cynthia.

The light flickers off, then on.   A hand is on Cynthia's
shoulder. She looks up...

it is Harris.


          Join us.

The bulb DIES.   Blackness.









                Join us.





      Wasserman rushes in, raincoat over a pajama shirt and chino
      slacks. Another POLICEMAN rushes to meet him.


                They're in the basement.   The
                girl's alive.

      They run on together.



      Lots of COPS, a few DOCTORS and ORDERLIES.    Alan is stopped
      by a FEMALE COP.

      He looks into the basement area and sees Ralph in a pool of
      blood. A POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER is taking pictures of him.
      Alan stares at Ralph.

      Berrisford is with Cynthia and a nurse.    Cynthia is getting
      an injection.

      Wasserman comes over to Alan and Berrisford.


                You're running out of patients,
                Doctors.


                What did she say happened?


                She's having a little trouble with
                reality--as usual.

      A nurse and an orderly escorts Cynthia towards the elevator.


                    
                Goodbye, Alan. Thanks for trying.
                But it's time for me to go now.

      Alan suddenly realizes what she means.








             I have to go with her.    Where is
             she being taken?


             Isolation.


                 
             Isolation? Are you out of your
             mind? That girl needs human
             contact--connection--isolation is
             the worst thing you can do--


             Dr. Goldman, I know you're fond of
             the girl, but you're out of line.


             Shit. You want her on the edge,
             don't you... You want to play your
             theory out to the end--


             Goldman!


                 
             Theory? Anything I should know?


             It's an extraordinarily complex
             situation, severe identity crisis
             compounded with the multiple shock
             of these deaths. She's reverting
             to this total belief system from
             the commune through an intermittent
             psychosis that puts ideology above
             her life itself--


             Fuck ideology! Fuck you,
             Berrisford! You can't use a human
             being as a guinea pig--
                 
             You have to stop this. Call it
             off--I'll--I'll sign her into
             police custody if I can stay on as
             her physician--









                Doctor Goldman. I believe your
                tenure with my clinic has just come
                to an end.
                    
                Security? Would you please escort
                Dr. Goldman off the premises?





      Cynthia is escorted through the hospital by the nurse and
      policeman. She moves without resistance, without emotion.
      We hear CRICKETS. Cynthia hovers in a dreamlike calm. The
      hospital is a blur as they move through it.

      Objects pass in front of our view as we TRACK with her.
      Cynthia, the nurse, and the policeman walk up the path to



      The imposing facade of the old Victorian with its warmly lit
      windows looks inviting. The three make their way over the
      lawn up the path towards the front porch. An evening BREEZE
      is just coming up.

      Cynthia looks around, absorbing the environment. The
      policeman and the nurse say nothing. Cynthia turns to them.


                Would you like to come in?


                No, thank you.

      Cynthia steps inside.



      The door is closed. It is dark. A video camera hovers
      above. We hear keys L0CKING a bolt. Cynthia stand there.


                It's time, Cynthia.






       The nurse puts her keys in her pocket, looks at the
       policeman, and goes.

       The policeman stays.





       Furious, carrying a carton of personal items, Alan storms
       towards the exit. The security guard rises to intercept him.


                 --Excuse me, Dr. Goldman?
                     
                 I'm going to have to ask you for
                 your key card.
                     
                 Dr. Berrisford's orders. I'm
                 sorry.

       Burning, Alan shifts his package, finds the card, flings it
       down on the counter.


                 Tell Berrisford he can use it for a
                 bookmark. Maybe then he can find
                 his dick without a road map.


                 We're gonna miss you around here,
                 Dr. Goldman.

       Alan manages a smile for the man, goes out.




       FOCUS DOWN until we realize it is Cynthia lying in her bed.

       We are looking at her from directly above. We WIDEN, realize
       that we're at a NURSE'S STATION, where Cynthia is monitored
       along with other patients. We can see that she is talking.






       The only illumination comes from a small lamp near Cynthia's
       bed. She seems comparatively alert.


                   You were always the favorite.    We
                   love you. Come with us.


                   All of us together, that's all
                   we've ever wanted, isn't it?


                   Why are you doing it to everybody
                   else? Why don't you kill me?


       His index finger is AFLAME.


                   Why don't you kill me?

       We see the whole room now. It's filled with Unity House
       Members, all of them. They're sitting leaning, slumping
       everywhere in the shadows. Among them are Connie and Ed.


                   You have to do it yourself, honey.
                   When you didn't... he took us
                   instead. But we're not mad. It's
                   wonderful here.


                   Death is like this really beautiful
                   trip Cynthia. We just want to
                   share
                   it with you.

       Lana and Miriam.


                   You mustn't be afraid, Cynthia.

       Harris in playing with his burning finger.


                   if I can do it, you can do it,
                   honey.








                   Why don't you kill me?



      A NURSE notices Cynthia's movement on the screen.       She turns
      the volume up.


                   Why don't you just kill me?!

      The nurse gets up. Gilda is standing there.        She follows.
      Gilda's policeman lurks nearby.


                   Hey.




                   You have to join us because you
                   love us. You have to do it for
                   yourself.

      We hear the Nurse UNLOCKING the door.

      A MALE UNITY MEMBER looks over at the door.       We seem him
      momentarily burned.


                   You have to do it for yourself--
                       
                   --lovechild.

      We see Harris momentarily burned.       He blows his finger out.


                   But I'm so scared.

      The Nurse opens the door.    The room is empty except for
      Cynthia on her bed.


                   You want me to call the doctor,
                   honey?

      Cynthia says nothing.


                   Try to sleep, all right?






      Gilda rushes in behind the Nurse, going to Cynthia.


                   Hey, get out of here!


                       
                   I can do nothing for you now, but
                   know this--the answer you seek is
                   inside of you! It is inside you!

      Gilda's Policeman comes in.


                   Get her out of here!

      He pulls at Gilda.


                       
                   Know yourself and you will be at
                   peace! It is so!

      The Nurse SLAMS the door closed.    Cynthia is alone.



      Gilda's policeman is on the phone.


                   Yeah, I'm taking her back to her
                   room... Okay, bye.

      He hangs up, looks around.    Gilda is gone.



      We are FOLLOWING GILDA through the corridors back to her
      room.



      Gilda's policeman is still looking for her.      She's nowhere in
      sight.



      Gilda comes in and lies down.






      Momentary silence.

      A shaft of light hits Gilda as someone comes in the door.
      Whoever it is nears Gilda. She is calm. She looks over.


                   I know you'd come.

      Silence.


                   But you're too late.

      She holds up a bottle of tablets.       We fleetingly see the word
      "poisonous."

      The bottle SMASHES to the floor.







      She looks like she's been crying.       She stares off into space.

      Someone crosses in the shadows to the window.

      The rubber edging is slit with a scalpel.


                   It feels good. I know this is
                   right.


                   That's right. You need our love.
                   We need your love.

      A shadowed hand pushes on the plexiglass.       The windowpane
      plops onto the pavement below.

      A breeze wafts in.

      Cynthia gets out of bed and comes to the window. She looks
      out onto the evening horizon, refreshed, fully experiencing
      the moment.









                    I know this is right.   We'll all be
                    together.





       Alan comes out, still fuming. He walks along a ways and then
       looks at the illuminated SIGN pointing out the way to the
       "Berrisford Clinic." Alan stares at it, then in a sudden
       release of fury, KICKS it, once, twice, and then he THROWS
       his carton at it.

       Calming, feeling like an idiot, he sighs.


                    Brilliant. Do we feel better now?
                    No. Yes. Maybe.

       A thought strikes him.    He reaches into his shirt pocket,
       takes out--


       --the one Hettie handed to Alan two long and bloody hours
       ago.



                        
                    It's okay, officer. I'll write
                    myself a prescription in the
                    morning.

       He swallows it, dry, with a loud GULP, Then he picks up his
       papers and things, heads for the parking lot.


       PULLBACK as Alan unlocks it, his carton momentarily balanced
       on the car roof. The door open, Alan gets in, puts his box
       in the cluttered back seat. He SHIVERS from one of those
       unexpected chills we all get, then puts the key in the
       ignition, STARTS the engine, turns on the LIGHTS. Then he
       looks up ahead and sees--










       Briefcase in hand, crossing the parking lot up ahead, his
       long shadow falling across a high retaining wall.


       Alan sits, face unreadable.   He REVS the engine.   Faster.
       Faster.

       A strange smile crosses Alan's face.   He THROWS THE CAR INTO



       He taken out his keys, approaches his car...   suddenly REACTS
       as HEADLIGHTS BLIND HIM--


       Alan ROARS TOWARDS HIM, grinning behind the wheel--


       Berrisford gasps, RUNS!


       Berrisford dodges in and out of cars, behind lamp posts.
       Manic, Alan follows him relentlessly, skidding around turns,
       SIDESWIPING as many cars as budget allows. Finally--


       finds himself against a wall--as TIRES SKID in he SCREAMS--


       He SLAMS Berrisford against the wall. Berrisford's body
       SMACKS against the bricks, rebounds onto the windshield,


       Alan recoils from the impact, blood on his lips from his own
       collision with the steering wheel. He looks at Berrisford,
       squirming a foot away with the little life left in him.

       Alan CACKLES, gives Berrisford the finger.

       Then he throws the car into reverse.













       SLIDES off the car hood, hits the asphalt, his head CRACKING--





       As the car GRINDS him into the ground, his wrist bones
       SNAPPING, ribs CRUNCHING, body TWITCHING. Finally he is
       STILL. An artery SQUIRTS fountain-like into the air.


       The blood hits the windshield.    Idly, distracted, Alan turns
       on the windshield wipers...

       Suddenly HARRIS sits up in the rear seat, a smile on the
       burned and scarred face.


                    Good work, Dr. Goldman.   Now, it's
                    your turn.

       Skeletal hands GRAB Alan's throat.       He STRUGGLES.   KICKS--out
       of the corner of his eye he sees-


       Gasoline is flowing over the dented hood and through the
       cracked windshield and over the dash and over Alan. More and
       more comes.


       Holding Alan with one hand, Harris leans forward, pulls out
       the cigarette lighter! He holds the GLOWING TIP up in the
       air.


                    Need a light?

       He presses the burning tip against Alan's gasoline soaked
       CREEK. It SIZZLES--Alan SCREAMS--










       It EXPLODES--




       He jerks his head up, face drenched in sweat. He's still in
       his original parking space! He's never even started the car!
       Gasping for air, still freaked, he opens the door, tumbles
       out.


       The box of his possessions is still on the roof of the car.
       Alan sees this, staggers against the car, fights a wave of
       nausea. Struggling to remain composed, he takes his pulse.
       Feels his head. Suspicion crosses his face. Then his hand
       moves to his shirt pocket.


       of himself taking the pill by the clinic sign.


       fingers down his throat. He HEAVES his guts out beside his
       car... but when he straightens up, he's clear eyed and lucid.
       He turns, runs like hell towards the clinic.



       RON, the pharmacist, looks up as Alan storms inside.


                   Goldman, you look like shit--


                       
                   Show me the scrips for the therapy
                   group--


                   Come on, man, I can't do that--
                   it's Berrisford's show all the way--

       Ignoring him, Alan finds the files.


                   Shit, this is all standard stuff--







             What do you expect?


             Do you fill these prescriptions?


             Nah, Berrisford does it. He comes
             in every morning and sets up the
             medication for the day--Hettie
             takes it as she needs it--


             Fuck!

He turns, tries to open the glass case with the prearranged
trays. It's locked. He grabs a paperweight, SMASHES THE



             Hey--!

Alan pulls out the tray, scans it. He grabs Ron by the
collar, shoves the files into his face.


             Read it.   Pesco, Ralph--


             He's dead--


             READ IT!   What's he down for?


             Ah, Lithium--four times a day--

Alan grabs the tray, holds up a pill.


             Is that Lithium?


             Fuck, no--that's Endoral--the
             complete opposite--one of those,
             even a normal person would flip
             out--


             Tell me about it--








      Alan looks at the tray and its compartments labeled for Lana,
      Miriam, Ed... all the others. Alan GRABS them all.


                What's this? And this?      And this?


                This is, uh, dextroamphetamine...
                Christ, take one of these and you
                can walk on the ceiling. Holy
                mother. Methylphenidate! Don't
                mass with that fucker. Clonodine!
                Chlorapromazine! Preludin? Shit,
                I didn't know they still made
                that... Two of these and Mother
                Teresa would turn into a maniac!

      Alan in having convulsions of horror.


      they swallow medication.


      he pulls bottles off the pharmacy shelves.


      they swallow medication.


      he hands the bottles of medication to the pharmacy
      administrator.


      Alan grabs it away.


      he injects Cynthia with medication.


                Tetrahydrocannabinol! Do you know
                what that is? Liquid condensed
                marijuana! Just thinking about
                that stuff gets you wasted.

      Alan runs out.








                Hey, Goldman, come back here!
                Who's gonna clean up this mess--?



      Alan running faster.



      Hettie is standing smiling in the middle of the hall.     Alan
      nears.


                You're not supposed to be here, Dr.
                Goldman, are you?

      Alan turns.   Two SECURITY GUARDS are coming.


                Please, Hettie, I need your help.



      She is at the window, facing out.


                Now.



      Alan rushes over to Cynthia's door and pounds furiously.


                Cynthia!     Cynthia!

      The two security guards start     running over. One of them has
      his gun drawn. Alan wants to      run, but he sees there is no
      way out. He sticks his hands      in the air. The guards are
      upon him. They start leading      him away.


                Sometimes doctors got personally
                involved. I think it's a mistake.
                You've got to keep professional.









                   Get some rest, Goldman.   You look
                   like shit.

      He looks back at Hettie.    He sees a fire alarm.

      Suddenly, he grabs one of the Guard's guns.       He dives against
      the wall and pulls the fire alarm.

      All of the Isolation Ward doors open.     BELLS and SIRENS go
      off. Red lights FLASH on and off.


                   Oh, no!

      Alan runs from the guards, shooting but missing. He runs up
      the hall in the opposite direction of Cynthia's room.

      He hides in a doorway. They pass. He heads back up to
      Cynthia's room. He grabs the cop's chair and runs into



      He slams the door and rams the metal chair log into the bolt
      latch to secure the door. SIRENS and BELLS continue. Alan
      looks over. The room is dark, except for the red light
      flashing on and off. Cynthia is crouched in the far corner
      by the open window.

      We can see that the room is otherwise empty of anybody.


                   Get out of here. I want to do it!


                       
                   No. Cynthia, please. I'm not
                   going to be able to come back, but
                   you have to listen! Berrisford's
                   been tampering with the medication
                   for everybody in the group--that's
                   why they've been committing
                   suicide--he's been making them
                   crazy--


                   But Harris comes to me...   He
                   speaks to me--









                    A drug induced psychotic state is
                    very suggestible. All we've
                    hearing for days is "Harris,
                    Harris,"... so that's what we all
                    saw... That's what I saw when I
                    took Ralph's pill! It's all part
                    of Berrisford's plan--he has this
                    fucked-up theory about how you
                    still think you're part of the
                    Unity House, and the only way he
                    can prove it is if you want to kill
                    yourself!

       Behind Alan, the dark shape of Berrisford emerges from
       outside the window. It is climbing inside from the ledge.


                    Do you hear me?! He's going to
                    want you to kill yourself! He's
                    recreating the whole thing for you!
                    But you can't listen to him!

       Cynthia is getting hysterical.      Berrisford stands behind Alan
       with a scalpel.


                    Dr. Goldman.

       Alan turns around.

       Berrisford bashes him in the head, neatly slicing off some
       skin. Alan flies against the wall.

       The gun is knocked away.

       Alan writhes a little, then dips into unconsciousness,

       Cynthia is a basket case.     She looks at Alan.


                    No...   no... no...

       Berrisford comes to her and starts giving her an injection.

       She calms herself.     She looks at him dreamily.


       She sees Harris gazing at her lovingly.









                Only one thing matters.

      She touches his face.


                Our love.     We'll be together.   All
                of us.

      Berrisford taken Alan's gun.



      Alan comes to. The ALARMS and BELLS are still ringing.
      Cynthia and Berrisford are gone.


                Shit!



      The corridors are run amuck with isolation patients (the
      worst kind) all escaped from their rooms. Alan runs out of
      Cynthia's room. He is surrounded by bizarre-looking people
      screaming, singing, dancing, praying.

      Hettie is by the stairway helping Isolation patients exit.


                One at a time! No pushing!      Please
                do not use the elevator!

      Alan is frantically looking for Cynthia and Berrisford,
      checking everywhere, pushing open doors.

      The security guards are at the far end of the hallway.    Alan
      goes to Hettie.


                Where's Berrisford?


                This is your fault! These goddamn
                doors won't re-lock!


                    
                Where is he? He's going to kill
                Cynthia! Tell me where he is!








                   I haven't seen him!

      The guards see Alan.      They come after him.   He runs.

      Alan scans every room. He slams into patients. The guards
      aren't far behind. Alan turns a corner, passing a door
      marked "NOT AN EXIT: ROOF ACCESS." It is ajar. He goes in
      without the guards seeing him.



      It is dark, but the red lights FLASH. He runs up several
      flights. The landings face onto the outside with a railing,
      open, no glass.

      He turns a corner.      Cynthia is there.

      She in perched on the outside of the railing, a serene
      expression on her face, the wind blowing her frail white
      gown.

      Alan freezes.      He moves towards her slowly, hands
      outstretched.


                       
                   Cynthia, take my hand... Just
                   relax... Think about what you're
                   doing... Stay calm... I want you
                   to take my hand...

      She watches him blankly.      She turns to someone behind Alan.


                   It's so beautiful.

      Alan turns. There on the stair above is Berrisford, his face
      dancing in the flashing red light.


                       
                   You piece of shit!

      Cynthia lets go.

      Alan reaches out.


                   No!









      It is a dizzying spiral. We hear the WIND RUSHING up as we
      go FASTER AND FASTER down. We SLAM into the ground.

      CYNTHIA'S HEAD hits rock.


      She is still. Blood drips out her nose and mouth. She is
      dead. We HOLD ON HER until gradually bright light pours in
      over her. The CAMERA LIFTS UP revealing



      Cynthia rises and walks towards the house through a field in
      the foreground.

      She walks up the porch.



      She opens the door. Everything is clean and fresh.      Flowers.
      Light. Birds CHIRPING.

      Harris is at the far and of the hall. There is an intense
      white light behind him. He is smiling beatifically. Cynthia
      goes towards him. As she nears him, she reaches out her
      hands. He does too. They clasp.


                   Cynthia!

      Suddenly she FALLS.

      She drops and dangles in the night air against



      She is unconscious.     She swings twelve stories above the
      pavement.

      The CAMERA FOLLOWS UP her arm to her hand grasped tightly by
      Alan's hand. We CONTINUE UP TO Alan.


                   Cynthia! Open your eyes!   Open
                   your eyes!







He is over the railing holding on with his other hand.

Cynthia is coming to.


             Pull up! Pull yourself up so I can
             got a grip on you!


             Let me go.


             No!


             Let me go.     I saw it.   It's
             beautiful.


             You didn't see shit!       Hold on!


             Eternal bliss.


             Yes!   I want to go!    Let me go!


                 
             Let her go. She needs it.


             No! Cynthia, Harris doesn't exist!
             He's dead! Look at who that is!
             Look at him! Look!

Cynthia looks at Berrisford deliriously.

He CHANGES from Berrisford to Harris with each FLASH.    He
comes to the railing where Alan is holding on.

Almost politely, he tries to undo Alan's grip.


             Goddamn you! Goddamn you!

Alan's grip on Cynthia slips down to her fingers.


             Let her go. Let her go and I'll
             forget your disobedience.






          You can stay one with me in the
          psychosis and cult behavior study.
          We'll publish our findings
          together--


          Publish this, asshole!

Alan SWINGS one leg up, KICKS Berrisford in the groin.
Berrisford HOWLS and suddenly his calm demeanor cracks.
Snarling like an animal, he stomps, claws and even bites at
Alan's hand.


              
          Don't you hear him? He's trying to
          bribe me--but I'm not letting go!
          I'll go with you, but I'm not
          letting go!

Berrisford sees the discarded gun... picks it up. He aims
unsteadily... SHOOTS. Alan yanks himself out of the way.
Berrisford misses. Berrisford moves closer. Raises the g=
barrel at point black range towards Alan's hand.


          Cynthia, help us! Help us both!


          You'll be with them, Dr. Goldman,
          Be happy.


          No!


          S...stop it... Stop it!

Berrisford SHOOTS. One of Alan's finger joints is BLOWN
AWAY. He SCREAMS, his grip loosens, and he SLIDES down the
railing. Berrisford moves several yards to stay close...
begins to POUND on Alan's mutilated hand.


          Cynthia, don't let him kill you!
          Don't let him do this!


          Unity... It... it's my destiny...
          I've fought it too long. Right or
          wrong... my death has a purpose...
          It will close the book. End the
          story.







          Your life has a purpose... to
          bring joy and happiness! You're
          part of my life now. That's an
          unfinished story, too...

She looks at Berrisford viciously pounding on Alan's hand.


          Let me up.     Stop it.

She starts to climb up, but she can't.


          Let me up!


          I'm afraid it's too late for that.

Alan's grip on her slips down to two fingers. They CRACK.
She yells from the pain. She swings in the breeze.

Alan is weakening.   He is losing consciousness.   He knows he
is about to die.


          Dr. Berrisford?

Suddenly Berrisford freezes.

He is paralyzed at the sight of one of the guards coming up
the stairs. Berrisford backs away glaring.

Alan GROANS.   The guard rushes over.


          Jesus
              
          Gomez, get up here!

The other guard appears.

They start helping Alan up by Pulling his arm. As they help
him up, Berrisford, in a state of shock, backs further up the
wall. He leans against the wall and puts the gun to his
head. He trembles. He pulls the trigger.



CLICK, CLICK, CLICK. Out of bullets. The others are too
busy to be noticing what he in doing. Just as they pull
Cynthia to the edge, she looks up to see:






      Berrisford coming to the railing, and jumping, calmly.
      Silently.


                Holy shit.

      Cynthia numbly watches him fall.    Then she in pulled up and
      over...





      Cynthia is plopped over onto a gurney. Lights are passing
      her. She is being whisked down a hallway. She is descending
      into a haze of unconsciousness.


                I need a detox prep! Stat!


                It was him...



      Alan runs alongside the gurney with doctors and nurses. He
      clutches bloody bandages to his hand, tries to hear Cynthia.


                It's okay. It's over. It was
                Berrisford. He killed them.


                Then all those other things...
                Faces... voices? They were...      in
                my head?


                It was Berrisford. He shot you up
                with hallucinogens. What he didn't
                do, you imagined.

      There is joy through her delirium. She is just able to clasp
      hands with him briefly before she disappears behind a set of
      double doors.



      A new station wagon whisks along the pretty road.






      Alan drives, Cynthia looks at a map.       They both look relaxed.
      They both have bandaged hands.


                Go right if that's the interstate.
                Yeah, it is.



      Through the greenery are the charred and overgrown remains of
      Unity House. A chiseled sign embedded into a tree verifies
      it. Alan and Cynthia pull up, park. Cynthia gets out and
      looks around. She goes to the front entrance. Alan follows
      her in.



      A mere skeleton of what it was. Daylight pours in through
      the faded, burnt slats of wood. Patches of woods have
      sprouted up. Cynthia wanders in and marvels at it all. Only
      piles of charcoal signify where furniture was.

      Alan meanders in from the other and of the house.


                Victorian. Looks like it was a
                nice house once.


                Yes. I guess appearances can be
                deceiving.

      She moves out upstairs.       He follows her up onto the risky-
      looking steps.


      She reaches a point at the top that looks out over the meadow
      and pond. She looks out. Alan joins her. Cynthia takes in
      the view contentedly.


                It's dead.     It's really dead...


                What?







       She gestures to the house around them.


                    It's over.

       Alan smiles. He pulls her close to him. They look into each
       other's eyes. Neither of them is completely at ease with the
       other, but there is honest affection. They hug, then kiss.



       It looks almost tranquil.       MUSIC UP.





       Wasserman walks along, accompanied by a uniformed officer.
       They go into-



       where the doctor is in a bed, one leg and one arm in
       traction. He's talking to his LAWYER as the police officers
       enter.


                        
                    --letters of support could have an
                    influence on the court... You
                    know, from your peers--?


                        
                    I have no peers.
                        
                    Hello, Lieutenant.
                        
                    Forgive me for not getting up.


                    Real funny, Doctor. Try this for
                    laughs: As soon as you're
                    ambulatory, you're going in front
                    of a Grand Jury, and you're going
                    to be charged with six counts of
                    obstruction of justice and two
                    counts of assault.






             Then it gets choice: five counts of
             murder in the first degree, one
             count of murder in the second
             degree. Add the civil liability to
             all that, and you're going to have
             plenty of time to write that book.


             Well. I don't agree with your
             definition of justice, but I
             suppose I obstructed it... All in
             the name of science, of course--


                 
             Doctor Berrisford--


                 
             --but as to murder, well,
             Lieutenant, I beg to differ. I
             didn't kill anyone. Why would I?
             I'm only interested in knowledge.
             Cynthia is a unique girl--the
             product of an environment and a
             philosophy unrivaled in its purity.
             I wanted to understand the depth of
             her commitment, the link between
             psychosis and total immersion
             philosophies, the dark terra
             incognita of the human psyche--


                 
             Hey, go chow on a Latin dictionary,
             okay? You can bullshit all you
             want, but how do you account for
             six bodies?


             Clearly some unknown variable was a
             factor.


             Yeah? Well, if you didn't kill off
             the therapy group, who did?


             Lieutenant, I'll put it in terms
             even a policeman can understand.

He smiles, shrugs the best he can in his plaster cast.








                  It beats the fuck out of me.








      Cynthia and Alan are still in each other's arms.        Cynthia
      pulls away.


                  What's the matter?


                  I was just thinking about Gilda.
                  Somehow, she knew. She kept
                  talking about "him," but I didn't
                  know what she meant. She said the
                  answer was inside me. Why would
                  she say that?

      Alan doesn't have an answer.     She sighs.


                  Let's go.


                  You go down. I'll be out in a
                  minute. I just want to... bury
                  some memories.


                  You sure?

      She nods.   He goes.

      Cynthia gives a final look around at the deteriorated
      structure and turns down the stairs.

      She stands at the top of what remains of the stairs.

      We FOLLOW HER DOWN. Just as she nears the bottom, the
      TICKING of a clock is audible. It gets LOUDER. Cynthia
      reaches the last stop and turns into






      We FOLLOW HER with a CONTINUOUS PAN. The foyer is new now,
      completely untouched by fire, just as it was at the beginning
      of the film. A candelabrum is lit.

      Cynthia turns and we PAN BACK TO THE STAIRCASE. It is new,
      unburnt. Two KIDS come scrambling down the stairs laughing.

      The entranceway, the archway to the front room, the staircase
      are all intact, just as we saw them in the opening scene.

      CYNTHIA peers into the kitchen. Two WOMEN in work aprons are
      kneading bread dough, chopping vegetables. They smile at
      Cynthia.


                Cynthia!   Are you staying for
                supper?

      Cynthia is silent, wide-eyed, taking it all in.    She turns
      towards the front door. Victor is coming in.


                Cynthia.   It's good.   Come in.

      She in unable to resist.



      They walk in. The room is filled with people. There is a
      fire in the hearth. Children play. Candles illuminate the
      space. Unity Members smile and great her casually as she
      passes them.

      Miriam in talking with a BEARDED MAN intently.


                Cynthia, I'm so glad you're here.

      Ed and Connie are by the fireplace with some others.    They
      smile at Cynthia knowingly.

      Lana is sitting contentedly on the window seat reading with
      some children.

      Ralph is crouched with victor in a corner.    They are laughing
      warmly.








Gilda comes up to her. She is ebullient, happier, healthier
looking than we've ever seen her.


             Cynthia, it's so wonderful here,
             but we miss you terribly.

Cynthia nears Harris. He smiles at her and kisses her.
Everyone in the room turns to her. Harris holds up a shiny
and sharp knife with ornamentation on the handle. Cynthia
doesn't see it yet.

He puts the pointed tip against her chest.


             It's time, Cynthia.    It's finally
             time, isn't it?


             Yes.


                 
             You don't exist.


             I wouldn't say that.
                 
             Go on. Take the knife.

She can't escape his gaze.


             Do it.   You know you want to.


             You know you do, Cynthia.


             You'll see how beautiful it is.


             You will.

Cynthia clasps her hand around the knife at her chest, Harris
lets go. She holds it there by herself, completely
hypnotized by his words, by his eyes.


             Cynthia, we're only telling you
             this because we love you.








          Beautiful lovechild. All will be
          in balance when you've joined us.
          All will be right when daughter is
          with father.


          You're special, Cynthia.


          Scared blood... daughter of the
          father.

Cynthia in mortified.


          I'm...?


          Now you remember.


          Yes...


          My own beautiful lovechild.
          Everyone has proven their love to
          me. Now you must.

She is weak now.    She is about to do it.

Her grasp tightens around the knife handle.      She's trembling.
She takes a deep breath.


          No!

She jams the knife into Harris' throat and pulls it out.


          No I don't! I don't love you!      I
          don't need you!

She is crazed. She flies around the room brandishing the
knife at everyone. They back off.


          I never loved any of you! I hate
          you! I hate you all! What you did
          was wrong!








      She swats the knife at them all. Victor's arm gets cut.
      Gilda has to dive away from her. Cynthia is knocking over
      lamps and chairs in her rage. She is crying hysterically.


                It was WRONG! It was stupid!


                    
                Oh, Cynthia.


                I never needed you!    Any of you!

      We are TIGHT ON CYNTHIA. She is winding down, crying with
      her face buried in her arms.


                I never did...

      She is still.    Gradually, the silence fills with a quiet



                Cynthia?

      She drops the knife. The knife is all rusty and corroded.
      The floor is a charred mass.

      Cynthia turns around.

      Alan comes in the front door. The room is again its empty,
      skeletal self, blackened and silent.

      Cynthia is trembling.

      She walks out of the room.


                Are you all right?


                Let's go.



      She stands on the porch, holding onto a post, trying to calm
      herself. Alan comes out. As he starts the car, a gust comes
      up. The trees are thrashed around.

      The WIND ECHOES through the house.








      Cynthia descends the stairs.    The station wagon pulls up.
      She gets inside.



      They pull out. Slowly we see Cynthia collect herself.      A
      sense of hope is evident.


                   It's going to be okay.   I'm going
                   to be okay.



      The car speeds off trailing dust.

      We see the UNITY HOUSE in the distance.     The winds kicks up
      again.



      We are CLOSER. Branches and leaves are being tossed around
      by violent gusts as we MOVE TOWARD the structure.

      A teenage GIRL comes running up from the field behind.     She
      is crying. She runs into the house. We FOLLOW HER.



      She goes to a far corner and cries some more, angrily,
      hopelessly.


                       
                   Come on, where are you? I hope
                   you're not in that house... You
                   always got like this and make
                   stupid threats that you don't mean!

      The girl peeks out the corner of the window.


      The TEENAGE BOY is in the field beyond.









             If you're not here on three, I'm
             history. Permanently. One...
             Two... Three! Fine. Good
             riddance.

THE GIRL backs away from the window, only more upset now.

A hand touches her shoulder.      She whirls around.


                 
             Who are you?


             A friend.    You're upset.

She nods.


             What would you say if I could
             promise you eternal bliss?


             Eternal bliss? What do you mean?

TRACKING IN on the old knife an the floor. It begins to
transform from its rusty and corroded state into a new and
shiny knife.



A burned, skeletal hand reaches INTO FRAME and takes it.




