






                                Written by

                               Sarah Thorp





                                                        Sept 28, 2007

                                                          First Draft




          Dec 21st. Clear sky, snow on the ground. Cold as fuck. With
          the sounds of laughter and music, we MOVE IN ON:




          An office Xmas party in progress, not a pretty sight: tipsy
          receptionists laugh and spill drinks on the rug, red-faced
          reporters loosen their belts and burp cocktail weiners...


          Arriving just in time for the door to SLAM in our face.




          A woman stomps back over to her desk and picks up her pen.
          MEET CASSIDY DALEY . Ink-
          stained fingers, notepads in every pocket: Cass doesn't have
          time for office parties, she's working.

          Her door cracks open and STEWART (almost as good looking as
          he thinks he is) appears, holding a Kahlua bottle.


                    I'm working, Stewart.


                    Come on, take a break. 
                    I've got Kahlua...

          Cass picks up a stapler and LAUNCHES it at Stewart's head.
          Stewart DUCKS OUT just in time. The phone rings. Answering:


                    Cassidy Daley. Talk to me.


                    It's Jimmy. Tell me you love me.


                    Depends on what you got.


                    I've got a confirmed place and
                    time.

          Cass is on her feet, excited.


                    I love you! So, when? Where?





                    You think I'm gonna say this shit
                    over the phone? I could get killed.
                    Just meet me at the usual place.
                    Oh, and Cass? This one's gonna cost
                    an extra hundred.

          CLICK. He hangs up. Cass drops the phone, grabs her stuff.




          Cass races for the elevator, Stewart hot on her heels:


                    Where ya going?


                    Hooters. I go there for the hot
                    wings.


                    Please. Nobody goes there for the
                    hot wings. You got a tip.


                    You got a hundred bucks on you?

          Stewart considers this, then hands her 5 20's.


                    Now are you gonna let me in on it?


                    Sorry. No can do. I have to protect
                    my source.


                    You know what? We need to talk
                    about our relationship.


                    We don't have a relationship. We
                    made out 3 years ago in the copy
                    room. I was drunk. I was broken-
                    hearted. I would have made out with
                    the xerox machine.


                    Yes, but you made out with me.


                    I have to go.




          She exits. He shouts after her:


                    I want in on that story!




          Cass driving like a maniac, doing the one thing she loves:










          JIMMY  sits in his
          car, rolling a cigarette while he waits for Cass.

          Jimmy puts the cigarette in his mouth and pulls out a
          lighter. Just as he flips the lighter open, HIS FRONT

          heavyset, crew-cut, rarely speaks, all business) reaches
          through the broken window, AND DRAGS JIMMY OUT OF THE CAR...




          Cass drives into the lot and pulls up next to Jimmy's car.


                    Hey, Jimmy, I...

          She realizes he is not in the car. THEN SHE SEES THE BROKEN



                    Jimmy?

          SCREECHING TIRES behind her. Cass glances up and sees JIMMY'S
          BASEBALL HAT IN THE BACK WINDOW OF A GREY CHEVY. The Chevy is
          racing out into traffic. Cass throws her car into reverse...




          Cass tries to follow the grey Chevy, but GETS STUCK AT A RED
          LIGHT. Shit. She looks around, decides fuck it, and HITS THE
          GAS. Her car leaps into the intersection. SIRENS.




          Cass looks into her rearview mirror: A PATROL CAR IS RIGHT
          BEHIND HER, signalling for her to pull over. Up ahead, the
          Chevy is getting away.

          Cass debates: pull over? Or follow the story? No contest. SHE





          Cass' car SPEEDS down the street, A COP CAR IN CLOSE





          Cass is losing sight of the Chevy. She races around traffic
          and is suddenly HEADED STRAIGHT FOR THE SIDE OF A MOVING VAN.
          She panics, WRENCHING the wheel to the right...











          Cass is out of her car now, arguing with a cop who has her by
          the arm:


                    Let go of me, I'm a reporter, I'm
                    warning you...

          The cop pulls her towards his squad car. Cass leans over and
          SINKS HER TEETH INTO THE COP'S HAND. The cop screams.





          CLOSE ON- A NEWSPAPER COLUMN WITH CASS' PHOTO: windswept
          hair, head tilted coyly, smile that says "I'm on top of the
          world. Beneath the photo, the byline: "CASSIDY DALEY".

          Someone whistles "We Wish You a Merry Xmas" as a MARKER
          improves on the photo: MOUSTACHE, BUCK-TEETH, PIMPLES. Then a
          MATCH enters frame, and SETS THE PHOTO ON FIRE.


                    Milo!








          Holding the flaming photo, MEET MILO: rumpled shirt, messy
          hair, looks like he slept on the floor. The bartender
           scowls at him:


                    What did I say about the fires?


                    You said "please set fires in my
                    bar". Wait, no, that's not right.
                    "Please don't set fires in my bar".
                     Ok, jeez, you try to
                    get in the holiday spirit...

          He drops the flaming photo to the floor, pours his drink on
          it, then GRINDS IT TO PIECES WITH HIS SHOE.


                    Shouldn't you be working?


                    That's the beauty of my job,
                    Crystal. Tracking down idiots is
                    something you can do pretty much
                    anywhere. See, there's one...

          He points to A DRUNK DRAPED OVER THE JUKEBOX, MOURNFULLY



                    And there's another one...

          Pointing to A WOMAN TRYING TO RIP A PAY PHONE FROM THE WALL.


                    And there's...

          Glances at the TV, which is showing LIVE FOOTAGE OF AN XMAS
          PARADE. Looks closer, recognizes someone, groans:


                    I don't believe it. That idiot. (to
                    Crystal) Save my seat.

          Tosses back his drink and SPLITS.






          Milo climbs into a Cadillac: dents, patches of rust, cracked
          windshield, bumper askew.

          RACK TO: half a block away, A DARK SEDAN IDLES AT THE CURB.




          The man behind the wheel (DWIGHT, large, babyfaced, Metallica
          t-shirt) eats a hoagie as he watches Milo get into his car.


                    There you are, you dipshit.

          He takes a last bite then tosses the sandwich and pulls away
          from the curb, tailing the Cadillac.




          MOVE IN ON- the parade we just saw on TV. Baton twirlers in
          Santa Hats. Men dressed like reindeer, pulling a sleigh. A
          boys choir singing "Joy to the World", the kids dressed like
          orphans that escaped a Broadway musical.

          A beautiful scene, if you like that sort of thing.

          RACK TO- the Cadillac, half a block away, cruising sideways
          into a spot just beneath a "TEMPORARY TOW-AWAY" sign. MILO
          climbs out of the car. Shoves his way through the crowd to
          the curb, cracking open a can of Pabst.

          Milo does not like this sort of thing. He scans the crowd
          impatiently.

          Meanwhile, THE CAR THAT WAS FOLLOWING HIM parks half a block
          away. DWIGHT emerges and heads for:

          MILO, who has just found what he's looking for. The reindeer
          are passing him and he makes eye contact with RUDOLPH, who
          does a double-take.


                    Yeah, you. Rudolph. Come here, you
                    fucking ding-dong.

          Milo takes a step towards Rudolph and DWIGHT APPEARS IN



                    We have to stop meeting this way.





                    Not now, Dwight.


                    You owe my boss money.



                    Hey, I owe everybody money.

          Suddenly, DWIGHT PUNCHES MILO IN THE GUT. Milo doubles-up,
          gasping, then BRINGS HIS HEAD UP QUICK, CATCHING DWIGHT ON
          THE CHIN. Dwight goes flying sideways and MEETS A POLICE
          BARRIER FACE-FIRST. Ouch.

          The barrier tips over, knocking over the one next to it. THE
          REST GO LIKE DOMINOS. Milo turns to see that RUDOLPH HAS
          DISAPPEARED. Then he catches sight of the ANTLERS, working
          their way through the crowd. Milo lunges after him and
          Rudolph drags other reindeer with him as he tries to avoid
          Milo. THE SLEIGH FLIPS. Santa tumbles from the sled. PACKAGES


          All of a sudden, IT'S THE XMAS FROM HELL: BLOODY REINDEER

          SCREAMING, PARENTS PANICKING. Meanwhile, MILO IS GAINING ON
          RUDOLPH, who picks up one of the packages and throws it. IT
          CRACKS MILO IN THE HEAD. Just what Milo has been waiting for:



                    I am so happy you did that.

          Milo TACKLES RUDOLPH TO THE GROUND. Around them, people
          scream and scatter. One boy bursts into tears:


                    That man is killing Rudolph!

          SIRENS. Uh-oh. Cops SWARM the scene, surrounding Milo and
          Rudolph, GUNS DRAWN. The LEAD COP (GELMAN, short, over-
          zealous) steps forward:


                    Release the reindeer!

          Release the reindeer? Milo looks around. He's got 8 or so
          guns pointed his way and Rudolph gasping at his feet. MILO
          STARTS TO LAUGH. Gelman bristles:


                    Hands behind your head, asshole!





                    Take it easy, skippy, I'm just
                    doing my job.

          Milo flashes his ID. Gelman inspects it, rolls his eyes.


                    Bounty hunter. Figures. Why don't
                    you get a real job?


                    So I can be like you patrol boys
                    and sit around all day with my
                    thumb up my ass?

          Gelman turns bright red.


                    What did you just say?

          Suddenly, a sergeant (BOBBY, late 30's, obnoxious but
          likeable, Milo's ex-partner) marches onto the scene, takes
          one look at Milo and laughs.


                    Milo Boyd. I shoulda known.


                    Sarg, you know this asshole?


                    Yeah. I know this asshole. Guy used
                    to be one of us.






          Milo drags Rudolph through the crowd towards his car. Bobby
          follows, shaking his head, bemused expression on his face.


                    Look, Milo, I know this is a tough
                    time of year for you...


                    This isn't a tough time of year for
                    me. It's Christmas. Who doesn't
                    love Christmas?


                    ...and I try to be sensitive to
                    your situation...





                    What situation? Being a man who
                    works his own hours and has his
                    freedom and lives the high life?


                    ...because I realize you're
                    unhappy.


                    Unhappy? Are you kidding me, Bob?
                    Look at me: I'm the happiest man
                    alive.

          Just then, they come to where Milo left his car. IT'S GONE.
          Bobby squints at the huge "TOW-AWAY" sign:


                    That sign is pretty hard to see.

          And with that, Milo loses it:




          He rips the sign off the pole. Stomps on it. Kicks it. Tries
          to shred it with his teeth. Hmm. He doesn't really seem like
          the happiest man alive. Rudolph, to Bobby:


                    Take me to jail. Please?




          Bobby's car is decorated with photos of his many children,
          all of whom look exactly like him, even the girls, poor kids.

          Milo's in front by Bobby, Rudolph's handcuffed in the back.


                    Ok, I got one for ya: why doesn't
                    Santa have any children? Cause he
                    only comes once a year and when he
                    does, it's down a chimney.

          Rudolph snickers. Milo does not. Bobby glances at Milo.


                    So. Have you talked to her lately?


                    Talked to who?





                    Katie Couric, motherfucker, who do
                    you think?


                    I haven't talked to her in three
                    years, why would I talk to her now?


                    Well, for one thing, so you can
                    stop taking out your rage on
                    innocent bystanders.


                        
                    Talk to her, man. For real.

          Milo reaches back, gags Rudolph with his own scarf.


                    Do what you want. But this kind of
                    shit will eat a hole in your
                    intestines, you don't deal with it.




          They pull up. Milo exits the car, pulls Rudolph from the
          back. Bobby leans out.


                    Hey, why don't you come by the
                    precinct tomorrow for our Xmas
                    bash?


                    I'm not invited. I'm not a cop
                    anymore, remember?


                    Fuck that, I'm inviting you.


                    I don't know, Bob. I'm sorta busy.


                    That's what I'm worried about.
                     Just...take it easy, Ok?

          Bobby really seems worried, but Milo waves him off. Bobby
          drives over, parks by other cop cars. Gets out, mingles with
          some cops. Laughter, inside jokes. Milo watches from afar.





                    You should go to that party, man.
                    Seriously. You need it.


                    Do I look like I need advice from a
                    grown man in antlers?

          Milo gags Rudolph and drags him into the station.




                    Milo. Hey. Princess...



          Hazy pieces: a tilting clock on the wall. A battered metal
          desk. Filing cabinets, spitting up papers. A man, SID (wound
          sorta tight, Milo's best friend) peers down at us:


                    You're drooling on my sofa.

          Milo unsticks his face from the leather couch, wobbles
          upright. Are the walls throbbing, or is it just him?


                    You do have an apartment, don't
                    you? With a bed of some kind?

          Milo grunts. Sid hands him a coffee.


                    Heard you shut down 5th Street
                    yesterday. Gave every kid in the
                    county the gift of nightmares.


                    Hey, I'm a giving kind of guy.
                    Anyway, what do you care? I brought
                    your guy in, right?

          Milo holds out his hand, palm up. Sid COUNTS MONEY INTO HIS





          Swearing under his breath, Sid is trying to stuff a Xmas tree
          into the back of a station wagon. At least half of the tree
          is hanging out of the back. Milo drinks a beer and watches.





                    You gonna give me a hand, or just
                    stand there killing your liver?


                    Is that a trick question?

          Sid glares at him. Milo sighs, puts down his beer, and grabs
          part of the tree.


                    So I told her, fine, I'd handle
                    Xmas this year. I mean, what's to
                    handle? You buy a tree, some gifts,
                    cook a ham, hang some lights. An
                    idiot could do it.


                    Well, we'll soon find out.

          Sid checks him out.


                    You have plans for the holiday?


                    The usual.


                    Gonna drink some cheap whiskey and
                    put your fist through a wall?


                    Jealous?

          The tree is definitely not going to fit. They let it go, and
          Sid pulls out a small hand saw.


                    Then forget it.


                    Forget what?


                    I've got an open bond, but your
                    thing sounds like more fun. I'll
                    give it to Doug instead.

          Sid starts hacking away at the tree.





                    Whoa. Hold up, Heidi. What the
                    fuck. I want the job, I'm in the
                    hole.


                    You're always in the hole.


                    What's your point?



                    The truth is, I'm not sure you're
                    the right person for this job. It
                    could be a total disaster. On the
                    other hand, when one friend sees
                    another friend stagnating in his
                    own filth, he has to do something,
                    right?


                    Hey. I just woke up. I was gonna
                    shower.

          Sid drops the saw. With one final shove, the tree is in.
          Phew. Sid slams the back shut.


                    Ok. But remember: you asked for it.

          He reaches into his pocket and extracts A FOLDED PIECE OF
          PAPER. Hands it to Milo. Milo unfolds it, gives it a quick
          look. A second look. A third.




                    No.


                    Yes.


                    No.


                    Yes.


                    No.


                    Are we done yet?





                    Is this a joke? Because if it is,
                    I'm gonna have to kill you.


                    It's not a joke.


                    She got arrested? And then she
                    jumped bail?


                    Apparently the whole thing started
                    with some reckless driving, and
                    ended with her assaulting a police
                    officer.

          Milo gives him a questioning look.



                    She bit him.

          Milo snorts.


                    Yeah. That sounds like her.
                    But here's my question: why the
                    hell did you post her bail?


                    Hey, I know she dumped you...


                    Whoa. She did not "dump me".



                    Ok, whatever, I...


                    No, not "whatever". I dumped her.


                    The point is, I'm aware you guys
                    have issues, but I'm running a
                    business here. A person needs bail,
                    I don't have time to check with you
                    first.


                    Well, had you checked with me
                    first, you wouldn't be out of a
                    bond right now.





                    I'm not out of a bond if you go
                    pick her up. It's five grand to
                    bring her back by 9am, Xmas day.



                    You're telling me it's five grand
                    to go pick up my ex-wife and bring
                    her to jail.  On Xmas.


                    You're a good listener.

          Milo takes a deep, calming breath. Then he EXPLODES into
          whoops and hollers. He throws himself into a snow bank and
          thrashes around. He does a Fred Astaire around a lamp post.


                    I take it you're interested.

          Milo grabs Sid and pulls him into a crushing bear hug.


                    I love you! You're the best friend
                    a guy could ever have!


                    Ok, take it easy...

          TERESA  pokes her head
          out the front door:


                    Sid, you got a DUI on line one.
                     What's going on?

          Milo drops Sid, grabs Teresa, and gives HER A LONG, INTENSE
          KISS. He releases her. She stumbles back a bit.


                    Ok.  Can I have my gum back?


                    Right. Sorry.

          He reaches into his mouth, extracts her gum and hands it to
          her. She retreats back inside. Milo beams at Sid.


                    You know what this is, don't you?
                    Karma! Payback! You know how they
                    say "What goes around comes
                    around"? Turns out it's true!



                              MILO 
                     That middle
                    initial stands for Rhonda, by the
                    way. She tells people it stands for
                    "Rachel", but that's a lie.

          Sid shakes his head.


                    I can't believe you guys broke up
                    over a stupid article.


                    We didn't break up over a stupid
                    article. We broke up because she is
                    a cheating, manipulative liar.


                    Are you sure you can handle this?


                    Why wouldn't I be able to handle
                    this?


                    Let's face it: you're not exactly
                    rational around her. I mean, if I
                    was a cop working a case and some
                    reporter came snooping around, I'd
                    say "no comment". Not "no comment,
                    but care for a cocktail"? And then
                    a month later, running off to some
                    love shack called "Caveman's Cabin"
                    and tying the knot? Who does that?


                    That's not even close to what
                    happened. For one thing, it was
                    called "Cupid's Cabin". And for
                    another, that was before I knew how
                    conniving she was. Now I know. So
                    all I have to do is track her down,
                    cuff her up, and bring her in.
                     And I've got,
                    what, two days? Shit, man. Easy as
                    pie.

          Famous last words. Sid is regretting his decision as he
          watches Milo go dancing down the street...



          With the sound of multiple ringing phones, cut to:






          QUICK TRACKING SHOT OF LORRAINE (50's, bleached blond, built
          like a trucker), as she talks on the phone and paces the
          room, giving us glimpses of a major illegal bookie operation:
          TV screens everywhere, a huge blackboard posting odds, men on
          computers, several heavily armed private security guards...


                         
                     You tell him I know where he lives.
                     I know where his bimbo wife takes
                     her yoga classes, I know where his
                     idiot son shoplifts after school,
                     so he can pay me my money or...

          She comes to a sudden stop at:


                     What the hell happened to you?

          REVEAL DWIGHT, the guy who tried to collect from Milo,



                     Milo Boyd. Fucker head-butted me.


                         
                     Yeah? Did you get the money?

          He did not. Lorraine scowls. "LUCK BE A LADY" KICKS IN:




          Milo gets his car out of impound.




          Milo gets a cut and a shave.




          Milo gets his shoes shined.




          A freshly showered and shaved Milo packs for the job, singing
          at the top of his lungs:





                    Luck be a lady...

          He puts an empty duffle on the bed and starts filling it:



                    Toooo....NIIIIIGHT!

          He stares at his collection and smiles:


                        
                    I told you this day would come.

          Milo zips up the bag.




          Milo tosses the duffle in the backseat. He pulls out the job
          sheet and inspects it. CASS' CELL PHONE NUMBER IS LISTED.
          Pulls out his cell phone, then hesitates. He glances around
          and sees a PAY PHONE ACROSS THE WAY.

          Pockets his cell phone and crosses to the pay phone.




          CASS, expensive leather jacket, boots, dark glasses, trying
          to be incognito. Hurrying towards her car when she sees SOME
          COPS EXIT A DINER up ahead. She slips into a doorway, waiting
          for them to pass, when her phone rings.

          She checks it  and answers:


                    Jimmy?



          Nope, NOT JIMMY. Milo doesn't speak. Cass listens for a
          moment. She can hear breathing. What the fuck? An evil grin
          crosses Milo's face. Cass goes pale.

          Milo takes a step forward. Cass takes a step back. Milo
          LUNGES and CASS DROPS HER PHONE AND BOLTS OUT OF FRAME.




          Milo smirks at the receiver.





                    You better run, you crazy bitch.




          Sid shuts his door, then speaks into his phone, low:


                    Yeah. He took the job. But if this
                    thing goes bad, I'm blaming you.

          He hangs up.




          Milo sips from a coffee cup and watches:

          MILO'S POV- THE FRONT DOOR OF A FANCY BROWNSTONE. A woman
          with a toy poodle emerges from the building, struggling with
          the heavy door..




          Milo appears next to the woman and holds the door for her:


                    Nice dog. Very compact.

          The woman exits and Milo enters.





          Milo stops in front of 303, and knocks on the door.


                    Candygram.

          No answer. Milo glances around, then works the lock...




          Milo slips inside, pulling the door shut behind him. It's
          dark and quiet. He glides through the room, scoping it out.
          The place is huge, white rug and couch, flat screen TV.

          And lining the bookshelves are FRAMED ARTICLES, AWARDS,
          PHOTOS OF CASS WITH VARIOUS PUBLIC FIGURES: the home of a
          successful and dedicated journalist.




          Milo is halfway across the room when he realizes he has left
          a set of MUDDY PRINTS across the formerly pristine white rug.


                    Whoops.




          Cass enters frame. Nervous looks all around as she tries the
          knob. Surprise: THE DOOR SWINGS OPEN. She hesitates.





          OVER THE COUCH, ETC. Looks like Milo had a little field day
          here. He is taking a closer look at the shelves: no photos of
          a boyfriend, family, pets: IT'S ALL WORK.

          He picks up one of the framed articles with the headline

          RING". There's a photo of CASS SHAKING HANDS WITH THE AN


          Milo's face clouds over.




          Cass slips inside and the door swings shut behind her with a
          soft CLICK.




          Milo's head whips around. SOMEONE'S IN THE KITCHEN. Big grin
          as he replaces the frame and draws his gun. A couple careful
          steps across the room and a floorboard CREAKS.




          Cass startles. SOMEONE'S IN THE LIVING-ROOM. Grabs a heavy
          saucepan off the stove. Grips it like a weapon, soft-foots it
          towards the hallway...




          Milo reaches the hallway entrance. Positions himself up
          against the wall, waiting...






          Cass tiptoes down the hallway, saucepan at the ready...




          Milo holds his breath. A SHADOWY FIGURE STEPS INTO THE ROOM.
          Milo puts his gun to their head:


                    `Allo, love.






          Cass takes a breath and LUNGES...









          THE PAN CONNECTS SOLIDLY WITH A CAT. Cat goes flying, bounces
          off wall, lands on the coffee table, fangs bared.


                    Whoops.

          So, if we didn't know already: CASS AND MILO ARE IN DIFFERENT





          Stewart is trying to explain himself to a skeptical Milo:


                        
                    ...so, I heard a noise in here and
                    became concerned...


                    Wrong. Try again.


                    Ok, the truth is she asked me to
                    pick up her dry-cleaning...




          Milo just waits.



                    Ok, Ok, look, she's working a big
                    story that was supposed to be mine,
                    and I want it back.

          Milo considers this.


                    You sleeping with her, Stu?


                        
                    You mean, like, at this moment?


                    Yeah, that's what I mean. Are you
                    sleeping with her at this very
                    moment?


                    We have a history, yes.


                    A "history", huh?  Good
                    luck with that.




          Cass tries to coax the terrified cat out from under the sofa:


                    Here, kitty kitty...

          Suddenly the LANDLADY  pops her head
          in the door, startling Cass:


                    Aahh!


                    You're not Jimmy.


                        
                    Oh. No. I'm looking for him.


                    Under the sofa?





                    Maybe you can help. I'm his
                    girlfriend.



                    You're LaKeesha?

          Oh. Whoops.


                    Yes. That's my name. LaKeesha.


                    Maybe I should call the cops.


                    Wait! Ok, look: Jimmy's in trouble.


                    What kind of trouble? Money
                    trouble? Drug trouble?  Sex-
                    change trouble?

          "Sex-change trouble"?


                    Something like that. All I know is,
                    he's missing.


                    I've had a lousy week, too. My
                    cousin Linda fell off a cruise
                    ship.


                    Oh. I'm sorry.


                    Hey. A grown woman outta know how
                    to swim.


                    I hear ya. Anyway. Mind if I take a
                    quick look around?

          The landlady thinks this over.


                    Jimmy's behind on his rent. I bet
                    his girlfriend would want to take
                    care of that.

          ON CASS- Dammit.





                    I bet she would.




          Milo explains, as he pokes around:


                    The thing is, Stu, she'll make you
                    think she's interested in you, when
                    really all she's interested in is
                    the case you're working on, because
                    she wants to launch her big hot-
                    shot career.

          It is just dawning on Stewart:


                    Wait a second: you're Milo. She
                    talks about you all the time.


                        
                    Really?


                    Oh yeah, dude. She hates you.

          Milo turns an angry red.


                    Oh, she hates me?


                    Yeah. She says you're the most
                    selfish, immature, stubborn...



                    I'm selfish? I'm immature? You know
                    what? Forget it. I'm not even gonna
                    dignify this with...whatever.


                    Hey, man, I'm on your team.


                    No you're not, Geraldo. I don't
                    allow reporters on my team.

          Milo tosses some papers around on her desk furiously.





                    And for the record: I'm the one who
                    hates her. Just so that's clear.

          He picks up the phone and checks the last dialed number: it
          comes up "CAESAR'S CASINO". Milo smiles.


                        
                    That figures. Run home to mommy.

          Milo erases the number, then heads for the door.


                    Well, nice meeting ya, Stu.


                    Wait, where are you going?


                    I'm going to pick up your
                    girlfriend. But don't worry, if she
                    ever gets out of jail, I'm sure
                    you'll be very happy together.

          Milo exits. Stewart hurries to the phone and checks it, but
          Milo erased the number. Shit. Stewart RACES to the window.






          Cass is about to give up when she spots, peeking out from the
          bookshelf, A PLAIN ENVELOPE MARKED "CASSIDY DALEY". She slips
          the envelope into her pocket just as the landlady appears:


                    Time's up. Find anything?


                    Nope. Not a thing.


                    Oh, well. Don't worry, hon. He
                    probably just went away for the
                    holidays.




          The sun sparkles off the casino windows. It looks fun.
          Exciting. A great place for the holidays.










          IT'S JIMMY, being dangled off a 25th floor balcony by Mahler,
          who barely breaks a sweat.



                    Ok, ok, I told one person about the
                    Xmas Eve job, but she doesn't even
                    have all the details, I swear!

          Mahler lets go of one of Jimmy's feet. Now Jimmy is hanging
          by one ankle. He starts to scream again.


                    Gimme a name.




          Milo gets in, on the phone with Sid:


                    ...and this loser she's dating
                    looks like he buys his clothes from
                    Kmart.




          Sid is at home, trying to get the hacked up Xmas tree to
          stand up straight. His 5 and 6 year old sons beat on each
          other in the background.


                    Why do you care?


                    I don't. I just think it's funny.


                    Hilarious. Listen to me: you guys
                    made a terrible couple.


                    I know that. You don't have to tell
                    me that.





                    Relationships aren't about
                    competition, they're about
                    compromise.


                    You mean like when your wife wants
                    to do one thing, and you want to do
                    another, and you compromise by
                    doing what she wants?


                    Exactly. Now just get her here.
                    Cause I can't afford to lose this
                    bond.


                    No worries. In fact, I already know
                    where she is and I'm gonna go pick
                    her up right now.




          The cadillac pulls away from the curb.


          Stewart pulls into traffic, FOLLOWING THE CADILLAC.




          The Cadillac on route to Atlantic City, the Hyundai not far
          behind.


                    Milo Boyd. Ex-cop, current bounty
                    hunter...




          RAY  reads from his
          laptop while Lorraine paces behind him, swinging a golf club.


                    ...lives in Jersey City, drives a
                    68 Caddy. Been in the hole on and
                    off with us the past 3 years. We
                    checked his place, his hangouts, no
                    luck.





                    This is no good. We let this guy
                    slide, suddenly everybody thinks,
                    hey, it's the holidays! All debts
                    are cancelled! Get the word out, I
                    want this guy brought here so he
                    can pay what he owes us, Dwight can
                    break something of his, and we can
                    all enjoy our Xmas.

          Ray nods and picks up the phone.





          A HALF MILE AWAY AT CAESAR'S, Milo is pulling into the
          crowded parking lot.



          Milo exits his car and heads inside. STEWART, feeling super
          sly, pulls up to a space near Milo's car, but another car
          slips into the spot.


                    That's my space, you asshole!




          Milo knocks on the door. A woman in heavy makeup (LOIS, Cass'
          mother) opens the door, takes one look at Milo, SLAMS the
          door shut. Milo waits. After a moment, Lois opens it again.


                    Happy to see you, too.


                    How dare you...after what you did
                    to my baby...

          Lois bursts into tears and collapses into Milo's arms.


                    Ok. What say we do this inside?




          Men running around in gowns and feather boas. A completely
          recovered Lois sits by a make-up mirror, adjusting a wig.
          Stuck to her mirror is a PHOTO OF MILO AND CASS, ARMS AROUND
          EACH OTHER, SMILING. Milo gives the photo a dirty look.





                    What happened to the pirate show?


                    I got sick of it. Now I'm a female
                    impersonator.


                    But...you are female.


                    That's why I'm so good at it. Help
                    me with this.

          She stands and wiggles into an evening gown. Milo struggles
          with the zipper.


                    Where is she, Lois? I need to talk
                    to her.


                    Oh, Milo, where did it all go
                    wrong? Do you have any idea what it
                    means to waste a woman's child-
                    bearing years? It's criminal. Every
                    month her eggs are jumping out of
                    her ovaries like sailors abandoning
                    a sinking ship. I mean, I know you
                    were mad about that article...


                    I wasn't mad about that article. In
                    fact: what article?


                    Listen to me, Milo: Cassidy may be
                    a strong independent woman on the
                    outside, but on the inside she's
                    just a girl who wants to be
                    protected and loved by her man.
                    What happened between the two of
                    you devastated her.


                    Devastated her right to the top.



                    She has done well, hasn't she?



                              LOIS 
                    I must admit, it makes me proud to
                    think that my little girl, whose
                    only friend growing up was an
                    imaginary orphan with a tin leg
                    named Leslie, now gets invited to
                    tour the White House...

          Milo's jaw hits the floor.


                    She got to tour the White House?

          Now he really wants to take Cass to jail.


                    Tell me where she is, Lois.


                    Oh, who knows. She was running
                    around like a chicken with its head
                    cut off, said she was on the
                    biggest story of her career. Said
                    she was going somewhere to think.

          Milo thinks this over, then a grin breaks out on his face.




          Stewart has finally found a parking space, and is exiting his
          car when he sees Milo come out and jump into the Cadillac.


                    Dammit.

          Stewart hurries back into his car.




          Stands mobbed with people, horses galloping down the track,
          dust rising in their wake. MOVING IN ON...




          Surrounded by people cheering, CASS IS HARD AT WORK. Notebook
          open, phone to ear, lap holding the plain envelope, ripped
          open, contents exposed: A PIECE OF PAPER THAT SAYS: "ATLANTIC


          She has underlined "Sparrow" and made a list: "Person's name?
          Company? Hotel? Casino?"





                        
                    No one with that name? What about a
                    casino? Nothing? Thanks.

          She clicks over to an incoming call, "PRIVATE CALLER":


                    Jimmy?




          STEWART, at the mobbed track entrance, lost and frustrated:


                    No, who's Jimmy?


                    Look, Stewart, I'm busy.


                    Ok.  Where are you, by
                    the way? I mean, exactly.


                    I'm in Miami, if you must know. I'm
                    on the beach building a sand castle
                    and drinking from a coconut...

          Someone taps her shoulder. She glances up and sees: MILO,
          SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO HER, GRINNING. She slowly closes her
          phone, not bothering to say goodbye.


                    Hello, Cass.


                    Hello, Milo.

          A MILLION DIFFERENT EMOTIONS CROSS CASS' FACE. Surprise,
          anger, anxiousness. All the mixed emotions you have when you
          suddenly run into THE MAN WHO BROKE YOUR HEART.


                    Fancy meeting you here.


                    Yeah. Fancy that.

          Strange, charged moment as they look at each other. Then they
          have a casual contest:





                    How are you?


                    Fine. You?


                    Swell. Nice day.


                    Bright.


                    Brisk.


                    Crisp.


                    Invigorating.


                        
                    What are you doing here?

          Milo smirks.


                    "Building a sand castle, drinking
                    from a coconut". Man, once a liar,
                    always a liar.

          Cass immediately stands.


                    You know what? I don't have time
                    for this, I'm working.

          She grabs her stuff. Milo blocks her with his leg.


                    Working? Hey, me too.


                    Congratulations. Move your leg.

          Milo doesn't budge. Spelling it out for her:


                    What I do is, I track down
                    criminals. People who jumped bail.
                    Idiots who decided to go on the run
                    after biting police officers. I
                    find them, and I take them to jail.




          Cass stares at him, eyes wide:


                    Now, hold on just a second, Milo...


                    Tell you what: I'll give you more
                    than a second. I'll give you 10.
                    For old times sake.

          Milo moves his leg, kicks back, starts to count.




          Cass stares at him, her jaw working, trying to decide what to
          do. Then, all of a sudden, she BOLTS. Milo smiles. THE





          Cass jumps into her car and turns the key. NOTHING. She tries
          again, then hears soft laughter. MILO IS SEVERAL YARDS AWAY,



                    Strike one.

          Cass leaps from the car and runs.




          Cass runs for the elevator. It opens and people exit,



                    Strike two.

          Cass turns heel and bolts.




          Cass races out, flagging a taxi. Milo pulls up:


                    Strike three. Get in.


                    I'm not going to jail, Milo.





                    I beg to differ.

          She heads for the cabs. Milo exits his car, GUN IN HAND.


                    Oh please. Like you're gonna shoot
                    me.


                    Nope.  I'm gonna shoot a
                    cab driver.

          Head whip around in his direction. THEN EVERY CAB IN THE
          PLACE GOES OFF-DUTY. Cass stomps her foot, furious.


                    Chicken shits.

          Cass marches back over to Milo.


                    Ok, look: let's talk about this.


                    Ok.

          With that, Milo sweeps her up into his arms. AND THEY FIND



          Cass stares at Milo. Is he gonna kiss her? Again, she feels
          weird. Confused.



                    Listen, Milo, I'm not sure we
                    should...

          Suddenly, MILO DUMPS HER IN THE TRUNK OF HIS CAR.


                    Hey, wait a minute!

          He smiles at her, waves, then SLAMS down the lid.

          CUT TO BLACK. Well, now she knows exactly how she feels:



                    Bastard.






          And immediately: A PHONE RINGS.


                    Great. Perfect timing.

          A match is struck, illuminating the trunk as Cass scrambles
          for her phone. Trying to sound professional:


                    Cassidy Daley.




          CLOSE ON- JIMMY, head tilted back, tense smile on his face.
          PULL BACK a little to reveal the GUN MAHLER IS HOLDING UNDER



                    It's me. Jimmy.


                        
                    Shit, Jimmy, I thought you were
                    dead.


                    Don't be silly. 
                    Listen: you didn't happen to go to
                    my place and find that envelope I
                    left, did you?


                    I did, but I don't really get it,
                    what's "Sparrow"?


                    It doesn't matter. Did you tell
                    anyone else about this story?


                    Are you kidding? You think I want
                    to share a story like this?


                    Ok. Good. Cause the truth is, there
                    is no story. I made the whole thing
                    up. So you should just drop it...


                    Uh-uh, no way are you backing out
                    on me now, Jimmy. This story is way
                    too good...




          Mahler nudges Jimmy.



                    Where are you?


                    I'm at the Atlantic City Boardwalk.
                    Actually, I'm in the trunk of my ex-
                    husband's car. Long story. More
                    importantly, where are you?


                    I'm...



          ON CASS- she stares at her phone. Uh-oh:


                    Jimmy? Hello?

          Suddenly, MUSIC KICKS IN and we hear MILO SINGING AT THE TOP



                    Deck the halls with boughs of
                    holly, fa la la la laaaa...




          Now Milo really is the happiest man alive. He pulls out his
          cell phone, dials:



          Teresa removes her gum, sticks it on her mouse-pad, answers:


                    Sid's Bail Bonds.


                    Guess who's in my trunk?


                    Is that some sort of perverted
                    innuendo? Who is this?


                    Aw, come on, Teresa, you know it's
                    me. Put Sid on.





                    Sid's busy shopping.  He
                    thinks he can handle Xmas.


                    Ok, just tell him I got her and
                    I'll be back in 2 hours. I want a
                    bonus for bringing her in so quick.


                    Yeah? I want a bonus for getting
                    through the holidays without
                    stabbing anyone with a fork.


                    Don't be such a pessimist. You
                    still have time.

          His phone beeps. IT'S CASS CALLING FROM THE TRUNK.


                    Gotta go. I got another call.

          He clicks over.


                    Tina's Thai massage! Where every
                    ending is a happy one!



          Cass rolls her eyes.


                    You're disgusting. Let me out of
                    the trunk.


                    Hmm. Nope. By the way, your
                    boyfriend Stewart's been following
                    me. Unfortunately, I had to ditch
                    him at the track.


                    Why is Stewart..?  And
                    wait: who said he's my boyfriend?


                    Aw, don't be embarrassed. These
                    things happen. You were drunk when
                    you guys hooked up, right?

          Cass turns bright red. She was drunk when they hooked up.
          Changing tactics, she tries to flatter him:





                    You know what, Milo? I shouldn't
                    have run from you like that. I
                    was...I don't know. You caught me
                    off-guard. The truth is, I'm kind
                    of in some trouble and I could
                    really use your help.


                    Bad news for you, then. I wouldn't
                    help you if you were the very last
                    baby sea turtle in the world,
                    dragging its tiny weak body across
                    the burning hot sand while sea
                    gulls circled overhead. I'd just
                    pull up a chair, sip a pina colada,
                    and let nature take its course.

          Long beat. Suddenly, CASS STARTS TO SOB. LOUD, HYSTERICAL
          SOBS. Milo listens for a moment, out of a purely clinical
          interest, then:


                    Hey, I used to be a sucker, but no
                    more. You can cry til the cows come
                    home, for all I care.

          Cass instantly stops crying and slams her phone shut.

          CUT TO BLACK. Then, the sound of a trunk opening, and WE ARE





          Mahler reaches into his trunk and REMOVES HIS HANDGUN. Checks
          the cartridge, pockets the gun. Slams the trunk shut.

          He climbs into his front seat, and as he pulls out of the
          lot, we see CASS' NEWSPAPER PHOTO THAT HAS BEEN RIPPED FROM
          THE PAPER, on the passenger seat.




          Milo drives along happily humming when, suddenly, A SMALL
          TRAIL OF SMOKE drifts over his shoulder. What the hell...? He
          glances into the rearview mirror and:




                    Holy shit!  Hey, um,
                    Cass?  Cassidy?




          Still nothing. Milo jerks the car to the right, and SLAMS on
          the brakes.




          The car screeches to a halt on the embankment. Milo leaps out
          of the driver's door and races to back, fumbling with his
          keys. SMOKE CONTINUES TO POUR OUT OF THE TRUNK.


                    It's Ok, hang on, I'm coming...

          Gets the key in, pops the lid and sees: CASS, HANDKERCHIEF
          OVER HER NOSE, PACK OF FLAMING MATCHES IN HAND. Cass tosses
          the matches and handkerchief, AND PUNCHES MILO IN THE BALLS.

          Milo groans and crumbles to the ground. Cass jumps out of the
          trunk and stands over him:


                    You know something, Milo? You're
                    one of the most gullible...

          BAM, Milo grabs her ankle and JERKS and Cass hits the ground.
          Next thing you know, IT'S WWF TIME, THE TWO OF THEM ROLLING


          Milo gets her pinned, but Cass grabs his ear and TWISTS:




          He pulls her arm behind her back...


                    Ow ow ow...

          ...and she jerks her head back, SMACKING him in the nose.


                    Son of a...

          He gets her in a BEAR HUG...




          ...and she BITES him.







          Finally, he has her on her back, TRAPPED. He gets his face
          right over hers and STARTS TO LET A GLOB OF SALIVA FALL FROM



                    NOOOO! Uncle, uncle, uncle!

          Milo collapses onto the ground next to her, laughing. She
          looks at him and she starts laughing too.


                    Dirty fighter.


                    Me? I'm the dirty fighter?

          They both laugh harder. Then Milo stands and offers her a
          hand. She takes it, and he helps her up. Awkward pause as
          they look at each other.


                    Should we...I don't know...hug, or
                    something?


                    Sure. What the hell.

          He opens his arms. She moves closer. They hug. Milo feels her
          hands moving towards the gun in his belt. He smirks. CLICK.



                    Hey. I had to try, right?


                    Get in the car.




          They are driving along, both a little dishevelled, ONE OF
          CASS' HANDS CUFFED TO THE PASSENGER DOOR. They pass casinos
          as they head out of Atlantic City.


                    Your windshield's cracked.


                    Thanks, Captain Obvious.

          Cass turns to inspect him more closely.





                    And you look like shit, Milo. What
                    have you been doing, sleeping on
                    the floor?

          Milo has been sleeping on the floor.


                    I enjoy sleeping on the floor.
                    Matter of fact, I love sleeping on
                    the floor. I love everything about
                    my life. Great job, good friends,
                    hot girlfriend...


                    You have a girlfriend?


                        
                    Yes I do.

          Cass is skeptical:


                    Really? What's her name?


                        (the first name that pops
                         into his head:)
                    Teresa. Rocking hot body. Likes to
                    cook pasta for me and perform strip-
                    teases.


                    Wow. Is she missing a chromosome?


                    Oh, she has all her chromosomes,
                    believe you me.

          Cass thinks this over, then counters:


                    Well, my life is great, too.


                    I can tell. You and Stewart make a
                    great couple, by the way. You and
                    me made a terrible couple. But you
                    two? Like peas in a pod.

          About to deny that she and Stewart are a couple, it occurs to
          Cass: Milo seems a little JEALOUS. She jumps on this:





                    You know what I like about Stewart?


                    I can't imagine.


                    He's not you.


                    Not even on his best day.


                    Or his worst.


                    I'll bet he has a lot of those.


                    Still betting, huh?


                    You can't win if you don't play.


                    Or, in your case, even if you do.

          He shoots her a sharp look. She stares back, waiting.


                    I win all the time.


                    Really? I hadn't noticed.

          Ok. That is definitely a challenge.


                    You know what? Seeing as how I'm
                    about to come into five grand...

          Milo makes a SUDDEN TURN OFF THE HIGHWAY and pulls into the
          parking lot of BALLY'S CASINO.


                    I think I'll do a little betting
                    right now.


                    Don't you have to take me back?


                    Please. I have two days. A monkey
                    could get you back in two days.




          Again: famous last words. Milo exits the car. Cass smiles to
          herself. This is obviously what she hoped would happen. She
          glances around, spots THE DUFFLE in the back seat. PEEKING
          OUT OF THE TOP OF THE DUFFLE IS THE TASER GUN. Hmm...




          Milo opens her door.


                    Aren't you afraid I'll get away?


                    Nope.

          He uncuffs her from the door, CUFFS HER TO HIS OWN WRIST.




          Stewart is heading back to the city, cursing his bad luck,
          when he happens to glance over and see MILO AND CASS HEADING



                    Damn, I'm good!

          He makes a quick turn off the highway and into the Bally's
          parking lot.




          The clerk at the chips cage recognizes Milo as he and Cass



                    Merry Xmas, Mr Boyd!

          Behind the clerk, a FEMALE CLERK perks up at this name...


                    What a nice surprise! Let's hope
                    your luck is better today.

          Milo glances at Cass.



                    Sure, if there's such a thing as
                    better than great, which is how my
                    luck has been lately. Great.






                    Oh. Yes sir. Of course. My mistake.

          While the clerk is counting out chips, WE NOTICE BEHIND HIM





          Lorraine on the phone, listening intently. Then she hangs up,
          grinning.


                    The idiot just showed up at
                    Bally's.



                    I'm on it.


                    Uh-uh. Not you.  RAY.

          RAY appears next to her.


                    Go get this asshole.

          Ray cracks his knuckles, smirks at Dwight, and exits.




          Milo sits at a blackjack table, pulling Cass into a seat next
          to him.


                    Prepare to observe the master.

          He bets while Cass sits next to him, scheming:


                    Ok, how about this:

          She uses her free hand to pull out her wallet:


                    If I give you all the cash in my
                    wallet, will you let me go?


                    Hmm. Lemme see...




          He takes the cash from her and thinks for a moment.


                    Nope. Guess not.

          Milo adds her cash to his bet on the table.


                        
                    Hit me.


                    I'd really like to.

          The dealer deals the cards.


                    Dealer wins.


                    Nice going, master.

          Milo quickly lays out some more money. A WAITRESS (smells
          like an ashtray) appears:


                    And for the couple over here?



                    We're not a couple.


                        
                    Why would you think we were a
                    couple?


                    We used to be together. Back when I
                    was young and foolish.


                    And I was confused.


                    And I was slumming.


                    And I was drunk.

          The waitress looks back and forth between them.






                    Great story. I have to get back to
                    work now.


                    Wait. Champagne! I'm celebrating.

          The waitress rolls her eyes and leaves. Milo turns to see he
          has lost more money.


                        
                    Son of a bitch.

          Ok. Cass has had enough of this. She leans closer:


                    Look, Milo, the truth is...my Mom
                    is in the hospital.

          Milo perks up.


                    Oh? Old Lois not feeling up to par?


                    She might be really sick. That's
                    why I had to jump bail.


                        
                    Taking care of her, huh? Putting
                    aside your career for a loved one?
                    Golly, that's so you.

          "Golly"? Cass stares at him, realizing:


                    You've already been to see her.


                    Impressive. No wonder you got all
                    those awards. So lemme guess: the
                    real reason you jumped bail is
                    cause you're on a story.

          Cass narrows her eyes:


                    Stewart. Stewart told you.






                    I would have figured it out on my
                    own, trust me.


                    I wouldn't trust you if you were
                    the last man alive.


                    You think about that much? Me being
                    the last man alive? Am I naked in
                    this fantasy?

          Cass takes a deep breath. This is getting her nowhere. But
          she is clearly hesitant to give him the real story.


                    Ok, you're right. I'm on a story.
                    A very important story. It just so
                    happens that I'm possibly about to
                    uncover a whole ring of dirty cops.

          Milo snorts.


                    What?


                    Please. Isn't the whole "dirty cop"
                    thing kind of old? Maybe you should
                    do a story about something people
                    are interested in. Like internet
                    porn. Or lesbians.


                    I'm serious, Milo. This is gonna be
                    big. And here's what I'm willing to
                    do : I'm willing to
                    credit you in the article.


                    Oh, sure, like you credited me in
                    the 13th Street Article?

          Cass stares at him.


                    Why on earth would I have credited
                    you? I worked my ass off for that
                    story.


                    That's one way of putting it.





                    What's that supposed to mean?


                    Forget it. I don't want to be in
                    your article. In fact, I would
                    rather eat a bowl of broken glass
                    than have my name in any way
                    associated with one of your lousy
                    articles...


                    Fine. Forget I mentioned it.


                    I already have.


                    I mean, you're not a cop anymore,
                    right? What do you care if people
                    were murdered?


                    Please. Nobody was murdered.


                    Just my source.



                    Oh yeah? How? Bullet to the back of
                    the head?


                    Well...


                    Dumped in a reservoir?



                    I don't know.


                    Car accident?


                    Ok, ok, maybe he wasn't murdered
                    yet. But I wouldn't be surprised
                    if...

          Milo breaks out into loud guffaws. Cass is furious.





                    Maybe this whole thing sounds like
                    no big deal to you...


                    You know what it sounds like? It
                    sounds like you're going to jail.

          Cass can't believe this.


                    Milo, listen, you have to believe
                    me, come on, you know me...


                        
                    Exactly! I do know you. Which means
                    I know you are a deceptive, cold-
                    hearted bitch who is going to jail
                    where she belongs.

          Wow. That was pretty harsh. Cass looks at him, stunned. They
          stare at each other in silence.

          The waitress arrives with the drinks:


                    Champagne. So. What are we
                    celebrating?



                    I have to use the bathroom.


                    Alrightee, then. Cheers.




          Stewart taps his steering wheel restlessly, watching the door
          of the casino for signs of Cass and Milo. Waiting in this
          parking lot is boring. Finally, he exits his car. Sidles over
          to Milo's car. Checks the door handle.

          IT'S UNLOCKED. Stewart glances around, then climbs in.




          Cass enters and Milo follows:


                    Can I have some privacy, please?




          Milo checks the room. Looks like there is no escape from
          here. He UNCUFFS HER, but then:


                    I'm gonna have to frisk you.


                    Get it over with, then.

          Milo checks her pockets. Her ankles. Her legs. He goes behind
          her and checks her shoulders. Her back. He reaches around and
          checks her belly.


                    You gain a little weight?


                        
                    You lose a little hair?

          Milo reaches higher and:


                    Yeah. Right. I'm hiding a weapon in
                    my breasts.

          Milo backs off, turning red.


                    Make it quick.

          He exits. As soon as he is gone, CASS PULLS MILO'S TASER GUN





          Stewart is rummaging around inside Milo's car when he looks
          up and sees: RAY, standing there, smiling at him.


                    Shit, man, you startled me. 
                    Can I help you?


                    Night-night.

          Suddenly, Ray GRABS STEWART'S HEAD AND SMASHES IT INTO THE





          Milo checks his watch, then raps on the door.





                    You almost done in there?




          Cass squints at the taser gun, trying to read the tiny
          instruction label on the side:


                    "Put open end in direct contact
                    with skin. Press button..."


                    Hello? Ok, that's long enough, I'm
                    coming in...

          He comes in and SHE JAMS THE TASER GUN INTO HIS NECK AND HITS









                    Sorry...

          ...and keeps going. She hurries to the curb and tries to flag
          down a ride.


          STARING AFTER HER. IT'S MAHLER. Mahler compares her to the
          newspaper photo he is holding. Yup: THAT'S HER.

          Cass glances around, keeping an eye out for Milo, and SPOTS
          MAHLER STARING AT HER. Suddenly, he starts heading towards
          her. Cass backs up slightly, nervous. WHO IS THAT GUY?


                    Need a lift?

          Cass looks around. A trucker has pulled up next to her.
          Relieved, she quickly climbs on board.

          RACK TO- MAHLER, WATCHING THE TRUCK PULL AWAY. He doesn't
          seem worried. He turns and heads for his car.




          Cass is fixing her hair, pulling herself together.





                    He says we made a terrible couple.
                    Which is true. I know that. I'm the
                    one who thought that first. I'm the
                    one who came up with that. The fact
                    is, I don't want to be with someone
                    who can't admit he was wrong.


                    So you're available.

          Cass looks at him. He smiles coyly.


                    Available for what?


                    I have a waterbed in my trailer.


                    I hope you don't think you're
                    telling me something that interests
                    me.


                    You know what I want for Xmas?

          The driver mouths something at her we can't see. Cass leans
          over and SMACKS HIM AS HARD AS SHE CAN.




          The truck SCREECHES to a halt by the side of the road. Cass
          gets booted out the passenger door. The door is slammed shut
          behind her. Cass gives the guy the finger as he drives off.

          She turns to see a car headed her way. She starts flagging it
          down. But wait... Yup, IT'S MILO. Shit. She looks around, but
          where's she gonna go? Meanwhile, as Milo nears, HE SEEMS TO
          BE SPEEDING UP. Cass stares. He keeps coming, an evil look on
          his face. IT LOOKS LIKE HE IS GOING TO RUN HER OVER.

          She turns and STARTS TO RUN.




          Milo is laughing.


                    You better run.






          Cass runs into a field. Milo drives off the road and follows.
          He gets her cornered by a pen. He looks triumphant. She
          scowls. Then she throws open the pen, REVEALING A HUGE BULL.
          Now she looks triumphant. He scowls.









                    Hey, it's locked!



                    I know.




                    Open the door, you son of a bitch!

          Finally, Milo opens it. She DIVES INTO THE CAR AND SLAMS THE
          DOOR just before the BULL RAMS INTO THE SIDE OF THE CAR.

          Cass and Milo watch, stunned, as the bull looks at them for a
          moment, THEN TOPPLES OVER, UNCONSCIOUS. Milo and Cass hear a
          strange sound, and look over to see A SMALL HERD OF BULLS,



                    Uh-oh...










          Lorraine waves Dwight over.


                    Ray's got something to show you.


                    Merry Xmas.




          Ray THROWS open the bathroom door to reveal: A VERY
          DISGRUNTLED STEWART, HANDCUFFED TO THE TOILET. Stewart blinks
          up at them, disoriented.

          Lorraine hands Dwight THE GOLF CLUB.


                    Pick something and break it.


                    Whoa, wait just a minute...





                    Feel better?


                    You know, I do feel better. 
                    Who is this guy, anyway?

          Lorraine and Ray stare at him.


                    Milo Boyd.


                    That's not Milo Boyd.


                    He was in Milo Boyd's Cadillac.

          They all look at Stewart, who moans in pain.


                    Both of you go this time, and make
                    sure you get the right guy. I don't
                    have time for this shit.




                    What about me?

          Lorraine considers him for a moment, then SLAMS the bathroom
          door in his face.




          Milo and Cass are back on the highway, both looking a little
          worse for wear. Milo's nose is swollen, Cass' clothes are
          muddy.




          Milo MOVES HIS WEAPONS FROM THE DUFFLE INTO HIS OWN JACKET
          WHILE HE DRIVES. He smirks at Cass.


                    Clever. 
                    Wow. You were gonna use all that
                    stuff on me?


                    A guy can dream, can't he?

          NOW HIS JACKET IS FULL OF WEAPONS. He turns his attention
          back to the road. Cass studies his profile.


                    Ok, look, Milo, let's just clear
                    the air, Ok? So maybe it was a
                    mistake, thinking we could be
                    involved while working on the same
                    case...


                    Hey, I know it was a mistake. Don't
                    think you're telling me something I
                    don't know, cause you're not.


                        
                    Ok. Fine. But can we just put aside
                    our differences for two seconds?
                    Because back at the casino, I think
                    I saw someone following me.


                    Sure that wasn't me?


                    I don't think so. This guy was
                    lacking your trademark smell of
                    booze and KFC.


                    Ha ha.

          Milo surreptitiously sniffs himself.


                    Anywho. If these dirty cops have my
                    source hostage somewhere...

          Milo starts to laugh. Cass flushes:


                    What's so funny?





                    You think dirty cops are trying to
                    kill you? Look, I know you think
                    you're hot shit and everything, but
                    I'm pretty sure the only one around
                    here who might want to kill you is
                    me.

          Cass SEES A DARK CHEVY in the rearview mirror, gets a look at
          the driver and goes pale.


                    Oh no.


                    What?


                    Behind us. It's him. The guy I saw
                    back at the casino.

          Milo glances into the mirror, checking the guy out.


                    Yeah? He doesn't look like a cop to
                    me.


                        
                    Speed up!


                    Would you just calm down for a
                    second and...




          Cass kicks a leg over and SLAMS HER FOOT ONTO THE GAS. The
          car LEAPS forward...


                    Jesus christ...

          Milo tries to push her foot off the gas while they wrestle
          for the wheel. THE CAR DOES A CRAZY ZIG-ZAG BACK AND FORTH...






















          She points past him. Milo turns to see MAHLER DRIVING BESIDE





          They both duck as Mahler starts firing. GLASS SHATTERS ALL
          AROUND THEM. MILO PULLS OUT HIS GUN and STARTS FIRING BACK...














          GROUND. Cass is hunched over in the passenger seat, excited
          and frightened at the same time.

          Mahler pulls alongside them again and Milo WRENCHES the wheel
          to the left, SLAMMING THE CADILLAC INTO MAHLER'S CAR.
          Mahler's car goes skidding across the road, hits a ditch and





          The cadillac SPEEDS away, leaving Mahler's car behind.




          The Cadillac is parked on the shoulder, Milo changing the
          tire, Cass standing by the passenger door, still handcuffed,






                    I told you they were trying to kill
                    me!


                    Yeah, well, no one's killing you
                    until I get you to jail.

          Cass whips her head around to look at him:


                    You're still taking me to jail? But
                    it's the cops who are after me.


                    First of all: that guy was not a
                    cop. Second of all, we just left
                    him unconscious in a ditch. You'll
                    be fine.


                    But...this is important! This is my
                    job!


                    And this...
                    is my job.


                    Milo, you don't understand what's
                    going on!

          Milo rolls his eyes and straightens up.


                    I'll lay it out for you: some loser
                    with a minor sheet calls you up and
                    says, hey, I've got a big story for
                    you, you interested? It'll only
                    cost you a couple hundred bucks,
                    and I'll tip you onto some criminal
                    activity, it's your chance to
                    expose some bad guys and write the
                    story of your life. Then the moron
                    gets himself caught, he's probably
                    in cold storage somewhere, and now
                    you think the bad guys are after
                    you.  See? I get it. I just
                    don't care.

          Milo finishes with the tire, throws the jack in the back, and
          heads back around to the driver's seat.




          Cass watches him closely, getting an idea. She reaches into
          her pocket and pulls out the paper from Jimmy.



                    If only I knew exactly when and
                    where this deal was going down.
                    Course, if I can't figure out that
                    part, then you definitely can't
                    figure out that part, because we
                    both know I'm much smarter than
                    you.

          Milo flinches, then forces a laugh.


                    Please. My brain can dance circles
                    around your brain.


                    I don't even know what that means.


                    Case closed.



                    Fine. Guess we'll never know.

          Milo hesitates. Then decides: fuck it. He strides around the
          car and SNATCHES the paper from her hand. He reads:


                    "Atlantic City. Xmas Eve. Sparrow."
                    What's "Sparrow"?


                    I knew you couldn't figure it out.



                    It's a business.


                    No.


                    Casino.


                    Nope.


                    Stripper?





                    I don't think so. What kind of
                    strip bars have you been going to,
                    anyway?

          Milo stares at the paper, wracking his brain. Cass sighs
          loudly and SNATCHES the paper back.


                    Oh, well, forget it, I knew you
                    couldn't do it.


                    Please. I could crack that story
                    and still get you to jail on time.


                    Oh yeah?

          Cass stares him in the eye and says the magic words:


                    Wanna bet?

          Milo stares at her. She stares back. Long beat. Milo's face
          is red. He clenches his fists. He unclenches them. Fuck. He
          thrusts out his hand:


                    You're on.

          They shake.


                    I have to make a call.

          He starts to walk away.


                    Hey. Aren't you going to uncuff me?


                    Why? You going somewhere?


                    Um...no.


                    Then you don't need to be uncuffed.






          Cass sits in the passenger seat and watches in the rearview
          mirror while Milo paces behind the car, on the phone.


                        
                    Asshole.




          Milo is talking to Sid:


                    So there's just gonna be a little
                    delay...





          Sid's at the mall. On Dec 23rd. With all the other desperate,
          last-minute shoppers. In other words, HE'S IN HELL.


                    I don't get it. Why are you helping
                    her?


                    But that's the beauty of it, Sid,
                    I'm not helping her, she only
                    thinks I'm helping her.


                    Yeah? If you're not helping her,
                    what are you doing?

          Milo notices Cass watching him and turns his back slightly.




          Cass narrows her eyes:


                        
                    What is he up to?




          Milo is making this up as he goes along:





                    I'll tell you what I'm doing: I'm
                    gonna crack this case first, and
                    I'm gonna take all the credit. Who
                    knows, maybe I'll even get my job
                    back....


                    You are so full of shit. You don't
                    want your job back. You just want
                    to prove you're smarter than she
                    is.


                        
                    I am smarter than she is. I would
                    have cracked that 13th Street case
                    way before she did if she hadn't...


                    ...cheated, right, I know, you've
                    told me a million times. Did it
                    ever occur to you that a normal
                    couple wouldn't compete the way you
                    guys do in the first place?

          Sid spots what he is looking for. So does another last-minute
          shopper. They both reach for the toy.


                    This from the man currently trying
                    to prove to his wife he can handle
                    Xmas.


                        
                    I can handle Xmas!

          Sid WRENCHES the toy from the other shopper.


                    Just..trust me, Ok?


                    Do I have a choice?


                    Nope.

          Milo hangs up and gets in the car.






          The cadillac pulls a U-turn and HEADS BACK TOWARDS ATLANTIC





                    So. Atlantic City. Xmas Eve...




          Milo buys a chili dog while talking to Cass who stands next
          to him, handcuffed.


                    ...so what exactly are these dirty
                    cops supposed to be doing?


                    Stealing evidence from property
                    rooms. Then destroying it, for the
                    right price.

          Milo stares.


                    What?


                    Nothing. It's just...it's a good
                    idea. If it weren't, you know.
                    Wrong.  So. Your plan
                    is to catch them red-handed before
                    they can destroy the evidence, then
                    write an expose for the paper and
                    win yourself another big award.


                    Something like that.


                    Only, you don't know what Sparrow
                    is.  Could be a nickname.
                    Or the place where the evidence is
                    stashed. Or a code word of some
                    kind. But the guy who knows has
                    gone missing, and you think the
                    dirty cops got a hold of him.






                    When Jimmy called earlier, someone
                    else was there. And they
                    disconnected the call.

          Milo is staring at her.


                    So we find your source, we find the
                    dirty cops. Gimme your phone.

          She hands it to him. Milo checks the record of incoming calls
          and smiles.


                    What?


                    Milo! Merry Xmas!





          Bobby talks into his cell phone while supervising a parade of
          hookers being loaded into a van:


                    Here's one: why did the snowman
                    pull down his pants? Cause he heard
                    the snowblower was coming!


                    Funny. Listen, Bob, I need a favor.


                    Anything.


                    I need an address to go with a
                    phone number. But I need it ASAP.
                    Kinda got a guy on my tail...




          A tow truck is pulling up, towing Mahler's car. The tow truck
          driver turns to Mahler, who is in the passenger seat:


                    The garage is closed for the night.
                    Guess you'll have to wait til
                    tomorrow.




          Mahler thinks this over, then SMACKS THE DRIVER ACROSS THE
          FACE WITH THE BUTT OF HIS GUN. The driver crumples in his
          seat.


                    Guess not.

          Mahler leans across him, opens the driver's side door, and
          BOOTS him out of the cab.




          The tow truck is driving away from the garage.




          Milo climbs back into the car, holding a piece of paper with
          the words "Trump Casino, room 2504" on it. He grins at Cass.


                    Pretty proud of yourself, ey?


                    Hey. You're a reporter. Great. But
                    I used to be a cop. Let's face it:
                    I'm naturally gonna be one step
                    ahead of you.


                        
                    You weren't last time.

          Milo whips his head around:


                    What did you say?


                    I said you're doing a great job.




          The Trump Casino on the strip, coming into view...




          Milo pulls into the crowded parking lot and checks the
          cartridge of his gun. Beside him, Cass is bubbling over with
          excited energy:





                    Ok, here's what I think we should
                    do: I'll go up first, Jimmy knows
                    me, so if anything's wrong I'm sure
                    he'll give me a sign...


                    Excellent plan. Oh, except you're
                    staying in the car.

          Milo exits the car.


                        
                    But...it's my story!

          But he is already headed for the casino entrance. He waves at
          her and disappears inside.


                    Asshole.




          Milo glides through the casino, past the blinking lights of
          the slot machines, headed for the elevators. A DRUNK GUY in a
          Hawaiian shirt is coming towards him and HE AND MILO



                        
                    You Ok? My bad.


                    Watch where you're going. (under
                    his breath) Prick.

          The drunk guy continues past. Milo holds up THE ROOM CARD KEY



                        
                    Merry Xmas to you, too!




          The elevator dings and Milo exits. He turns a corner and
          heads down the hall. Another elevator DINGS behind him.

          Milo continues down the hall. Suddenly, he STOPS and looks
          behind him. No one is there.




          He turns another corner and FINDS 2504. There is a "DO NOT
          DISTURB" sign on the door. HE GOES PAST IT AND TAPS LIGHTLY



                    Room service.

          No answer. He glances down the hall and sees a slight
          movement. SOMEONE IS WATCHING HIM. He moves away from the
          door, continues down the hall, THEN SLIPS INTO THE ICE





          Milo hits the light switch off and waits just inside the
          door. Someone steps in, and MILO GRABS THEM AND THROWS THEM
          AGAINST THE WALL. The person SCREAMS. Milo slaps a hand
          across the person's mouth and switches on the light. And
          finds himself face to face with:




                    What the...?

          He looks at the handcuff dangling from her wrist, STILL



                        
                    What the hell are you doing?



                    It's my story, I don't break
                    stories by staying in the car!


                    Yeah, well, 
                    you're paying for that.


                    Oh, ok. Here's a nickle.

          Suddenly, Milo goes still. THERE IS A CREAKING SOUND as
          someone creeps down the hall. Milo puts a finger to Cass'
          lips.

          Then he peeks out the door.


          HALL BY THE MAID. The maid stops by a room and enters.





                    Perfect.  Play along.




          Milo passes the maid's cart, glancing at her ROOM RECORD
          SHEET, then continues on to room 2505. He uses the CARD HE
          SWIPED on the door. Of course, IT DOESN'T WORK.



                    Godammit. Son of a bitch.

          The maid peeks out into the hall.


                        
                    This is like the third card they've
                    given me...


                        
                    Take it easy, honey...


                    Don't tell me to take it easy, now
                    we have to go all the way
                    downstairs again...

          Cass looks pleadingly at the maid.


                    What's the name?


                    Davenport. Room 2505.

          The maid checks her chart, then crosses the hall and USES HER



                    You're an angel.

          Milo and Cass go inside.




          Milo closes the door carefully behind them, then tiptoes
          across the room to the connecting door, Cass close on his
          heels. All is silent.






                    Wait a second: where's my gun?



                    I don't know. Where is your gun?


                    I don't have one.


                    Then you've answered your own
                    question.

          Milo tiptoes closer to the door. Cass pulls on his sleeve.


                    Come on, give me something. You've
                    got, like, a million weapons in the
                    jacket.

          She reaches for his jacket, and Milo pulls away.


                    Hey. These are not toys. You can't
                    just give them to someone and have
                    them know how to use them.


                    I seem to remember doing just fine
                    with your taser gun.

          They are at the door. Milo puts a finger to his lips and
          tries the doorknob: LOCKED. He is about to work the lock when


          No time to do this quietly. MILO TAKES A STEP BACK, THEN





          Halfway down the hallway, THE MAID HEARS THE DOOR BEING
          KICKED IN. Nervous, she backs away, headed for the
          elevators...




          Milo QUICKLY ENTERS THE ROOM, GUN RAISED. THE SCREAMING IS
          COMING FROM THE TV. Milo clicks it off and checks the room.
          The place appears to be deserted. He crosses to the bathroom
          and peers in: EMPTY.




          Meanwhile, Cass has cautiously entered the room and sees
          spots on the rug:


                    Oh, god, is that blood?


                    Hey. Columbo. Wait by the door.


                    I'm just trying to...


                    This could be a crime scene. There
                    are clues all over this room that
                    only a trained eye can find. And as
                    I seem to recall, you were the one
                    who was unable to figure this out
                    by herself.

          Oooh. Cass grits her teeth.


                        
                    He is unbelievable.


                    Who are you talking to, your
                    imaginary friend Leslie?



                    Hey. Lots of kids have imaginary
                    friends, despite what my mother
                    believes.


                    Whatever. You wait by the door. And
                    I'll handle this.



                    Fine.

          She moves back to the door. As she does, she notices a
          matchbook on the floor: IT'S A GREEN MATCHBOOK WITH A BLACK



                    So you're saying you don't want my
                    help.


                    I'm saying I don't need your help.






                    Ok.

          As he turns away, SHE SLIPS THE MATCHBOOK INTO HER PURSE.
          Milo catches this movement out of the corner of his eye and
          glances back:


                    What was that?



                    What was what?


                    Did you find something?


                    How could I find anything? I'm not
                    the detective.


                    Lemme see your purse...

          Milo takes a step closer to her, but:




          Cass and Milo turn to see A HOTEL SECURITY GUARD IN THE
          DOORWAY, EXCITEDLY POINTING HIS GUN AT THEM. Milo rolls his
          eyes.


                    Hotel security! Stay where you are!


                    Ok, Ok, no problem. You're probably
                    gonna want this.

          Milo holds up HIS GUN.






                    Take it easy. I'm just gonna unload
                    it.

          Milo drops the cartridge, then TOSSES THE GUN RIGHT AT THE





          The guard instinctively raises his hands and Milo CHARGES
          him, tackling him to the ground, then handcuffing him to the
          table.

          Milo GRABS Cass hand and races from the room.




          Cass and Milo run up to the elevators. ALL CARS ARE RISING:
          BACK-UP IS ON THE WAY. Milo hits the fire alarm and pulls
          Cass into the stairwell...




          Milo and Cass are almost to the bottom, WHEN SECURITY APPEARS
          IN THE STAIRWELL BENEATH THEM. Milo looks up. SECURITY IS
          COMING FROM ABOVE, AS WELL. Shit. Milo cracks the stairwell
          window and peers out: THEY ARE 4 STORIES UP.


                    You're gonna have to jump.


                    I can't.

          Milo considers this, then picks her up and TOSSES HER OUT THE





          Cass screams as she falls. Milo falls next to her. They fall
          and fall and BOOSH: THEY LAND IN A SNOW BANK AND TUMBLE TO


          Seconds later, they are on their feet, RUNNING FOR THE CAR.


                    Ok, so some guy you're looking for
                    has disappeared. You want me to put
                    out an all-points on him?




          Milo and Cass are speeding away from the Trump Casino.


                        
                    The thing is, Bob: Cass thinks
                    dirty cops might be involved.








          Bobby is in his office. His door opens onto the squad room,
          busy with police activity. Bobby sits up straighter in his
          chair.


                    Whoa, whoa, whoa. You're with
                    Cassidy? Shit, Milo, you know when
                    you're around her your brain turns
                    to mush.


                    Yeah, well, that doesn't change the
                    fact that someone took a couple
                    shots at us.

          Beat.


                    You get a plate number?


                    Happened too quick. But it was a
                    dark 4-door Chevy, blue or grey,
                    New Jersey plates, and the car was
                    wrecked, I know that.

          Bobby thinks this over.


                    Ok. Lemme look into it. See what I
                    can find. Just hold tight, Ok?

          Milo checks his watch.


                    Ok. But we're kinda on a clock
                    here.


                    Milo, don't fuck around with this.
                    If there are dirty cops in the
                    house, we all have a problem. So do
                    me a favor: get off the strip, find
                    somewhere to lie low and wait for
                    my call.






          The scene has calmed down a little. A DARK SEDAN appears and
          RAY AND DWIGHT exit the car, looking like a an ugly,
          dangerous Odd Couple.

          An employee slips out the back door and hands Ray a PHOTO

          Dwight snatches the photo from Ray.


                    Yeah, that's him.


                    Who's the chick?


                    Who gives a fuck? Anyway, they
                    can't be far.

          It's true. They aren't too far. They are:




          A LUXURIOUS, ROMANTIC B&amp;B. Xmas lights winking on the trees,
          "Come All Ye Faithful" gently wafting out the oak front door.



          The whole scene looks beautiful, peaceful, romantic...


                    Ok. Kill me now.

          PULL BACK TO REVEAL MILO AND CASS, parked in front. REVEAL
          THE SIGN NEXT TO THEM: "WELCOME TO CUPID'S CABIN". Yup. The
          place Milo and Cass ran off to and got married 3 years ago.


                    I'm sorry, it's the only place I
                    know off the strip.


                    I'm not going in. What if they
                    remember us?


                    They won't remember us. Why would
                    they remember us? Just...try to act
                    normal.






          A small, family-run, luxury bed and breakfast. The kind of
          place that prides itself on its service. DAWN (long, graying
          hair, glasses, moccasins) greets them with a smile:


                    Can I help you?  Wait,
                    it can't be...

          She looks behind her at a bulletin board. At photos of all
          the happy couples who have passed through her. And finds: A




                        
                    Edmund, come quick!

          A balding man in flannel comes out, takes one look, and
          clasps both hands to his chest.


                    Be still my beating heart.



                    Looks like they remember us.



                    Ya think?


                    What a lovely surprise. It's been,
                    what, 3 years?

          Milo and Cass both try to downplay:


                    Has it?


                    I don't really remember...



                    And you came back! To celebrate
                    your anniversary!


                    Oh, no. No, no...





                    What an honor for us!


                    Actually, we're not...


                    You know what? In light of this
                    special special occasion: it's on
                    the house!

          Before Cass can protest more, MILO GRABS HER ARM.


                    Honey? Can I talk to you?

          He pulls her slightly aside.



                    You have any money?



                    No, as you recall, I gave you all
                    my money at the blackjack table...
                     You blew all the money!


                    Hey! I would have won it back if
                    someone hadn't tasered me in the
                    bathroom!


                    So. Use a credit card.


                    Mine's max'd. Lemme have yours.


                    Mine's max'd too. 
                    What, I like to shop.

          They give each other a horrified look as they both realize
          what this means. Then they turn back to the couple, put their
          arms around each other, and smile:


                    It's our third anniversary!


                    Congratulations!





                    Thanks!

          Milo and Cass snuggle closer. He surreptitiously squeezes her
          ass. She surreptitiously STOMPS on his foot.




          Full of couples in love. Young couples, old couples, gay
          couples, straight couples. Even a dog couple snuggled up by
          the fire.

          And then there's Milo and Cass, bruised and dishevelled,
          being served an elaborate romantic meal. They smile
          uncomfortably as Edmund arrives with a tray of oysters:


                    To begin: a little aphrodisiac!

          He gives them both a broad wink.



                    Wow.



                    Great.


                    So tell me: how have you managed to
                    keep the romance alive all this
                    time?


                    Well, I'll tell you, Edmund.
                    The secret to our success is that
                    the little woman here knows her
                    place. She cleans for me, cooks for
                    me, and every night when I come
                    home she gets down on her knees and
                    massages my feet.

          He beams at Cass. Cass grins through her teeth.


                    Yes, Edmund, it's true. I massage
                    his feet to help him feel like a
                    man. It's important, especially
                    when your husband has such a teeny
                    tiny...

          Just then, Dawn hustles over, interrupting:





                    How is everything? Is it like that
                    magical night 3 years ago?


                    Uh-huh.


                    Yup. You betcha.


                    This calls for a toast!

          She raises a glass, tapping it with a spoon. Milo and Cass
          both groan under their breath.


                        
                    May I have your attention please?
                    Edmund and I would like to share
                    with you the most romantic moment
                    we have ever seen. It was three
                    years ago today, in this very
                    restaurant, when this lovely young
                    man here, right in the middle of
                    the meal, threw down his napkin,
                    got down on one knee, and said
                    marry me, right now, right this
                    second, I want to go to sleep
                    tonight knowing you're my wife!


                        
                    And she said yes, with tears in her
                    eyes and a tremble in her hand,
                    let's get married, and they ran out
                    to the all night chapel and came
                    back an hour later, man and wife!

          The whole restaurant starts clapping. Milo turns to Edmund:


                    Can I get a whiskey?


                    Make that two.




          Milo and Cass stumble down the hall, laughing hysterically,
          falling down drunk.





                    After we broke up, I was so mad at
                    you, I told everyone I know you
                    have herpes.


                    I told everyone you flunked out of
                    3rd grade.


                    I told everyone you have a
                    moustache.


                    I told everyone you like to wear my
                    panties.


                    Hey!

          This one is obviously true. Both laugh harder.




          Milo and Cass stagger in, blinking hazily at their new
          surroundings. A heart-shaped bed. Champagne. A bubble bath. A
          fireplace. The works. Like Cupid threw up in here.

          The laughter slowly fades. Long beat. Then:


                    Wow. This would be really awkward
                    if we still had feelings for each
                    other. Which we don't...


                    That's right. Luckily, we're
                    different people now. We don't feel
                    the way we used to.


                    Right. We've moved on.


                    We have no feelings about each
                    other whatsoever.


                    Just two people who used to know
                    each other.


                    Two casual acquaintances.





                       Feels good, doesn't it?


                       Feels fantastic.


                       A platonic relationship. Working
                       together.


                       Helping each other.


                       Trusting each other.

          Which reminds them: THEY DON'T TRUST EACH OTHER. Awkward
          pause. Then:


                       Well. Mind if I shower?


                       Ladies first.

          Cass disappears into the bathroom, closing the door behind
          her. Beat. Then MILO HURRIES OVER TO THE DOOR AND LISTENS.




          CASS IS PRESSED ON HER SIDE OF THE DOOR, ALSO LISTENING. She
          reaches over and turns on the shower.




          As soon as Milo hears the water, HE HURRIES OVER TO THE BED







          Cass is seated on the toilet lid, HUNCHED OVER HER PHONE:



                       Hey. It's me.


                       Sheryl?






          Mom is at a gay bar, having a cocktail.


                       No, not Sheryl. Cass.  Your
                       daughter.


                       Jesus Christ, where the hell are
                       ya, Niagara Falls?


                       No. You're not gonna believe this,
                       but: I'm at Cupid's Cabin with
                       Milo.



                       Oh my god...


                       Mom...


                       I always knew you two would...


                       Mom. We're not back together.

          Long beat.


                       Why the hell not?




          Milo is looking through Cass' purse. HE KNOWS SHE WAS HIDING
          SOMETHING FROM HIM AT THE CASINO. While searching through her
          wallet, he suddenly stumbles across A WEDDING PHOTO OF


          Huh. He glances at the bathroom door. She carries their
          wedding photo around?




          Cass listens while Mom rants:





                    I mean, I just don't get it, you're
                    in this romantic place, you have a
                    perfect opportunity to win him
                    back...


                    Why should I have to win him back?
                    He should have to win me back! And
                    who says I want him back, anyway?


                    I have never understood this
                    competitive streak of yours...


                        
                    Look, the reason I called: I
                    remember you worked at this one
                    place where they had these bright
                    green matches with, like, this
                    silhouette of a horse on them?


                        
                    That was a long time ago! And all I
                    did was serve drinks...


                    I just need to know the name of the
                    place.


                    Charley's. And Ok, I admit, maybe I
                    did a little dancing, but how often
                    do you make 200 an hour in tips?


                    I gotta go.


                    I want grandkids!

          Cass hangs up. She sits for a moment, staring at her phone.
          Is her mother right? Is she making a mistake right now? She
          looks around the bathroom. Candles, flowers, thick robes.

          A bottle of champagne chilling by the heart-shaped tub. She
          slowly stands and checks herself out in the mirror, brushing
          back her hair with her hands.

          Suddenly, on impulse, she grabs the bottle of champagne and
          two glasses. WHAT THE HELL, WHY NOT?




          They're here, maybe they should seize the moment. She peeks
          out the bathroom door and sees...







                        
                    Sneaky bitch.




          Cass is disappointed and vindicated all at once. She puts the
          champagne back.


                        
                    Sneaky bastard.




          Milo hears the water go off. HE POCKETS THE MATCHES, tosses
          the purse away and lies on the bed, striking a casual pose.

          Cass emerges.


                    Good shower?


                    The best.


                    Great.


                    You know what's great? Trusting
                    each other.


                    I agree.

          He holds up the handcuffs:


                    Time for bed!

          MUSIC KICKS IN: "Silent Night".










          Suddenly, CASS' EYES SNAP OPEN. She sits up a little and
          glances over at MILO'S NIGHT TABLE WHERE HE LEFT THE KEYS AND
          GUN IN PLAIN VIEW. She smiles...




          Cass is doing a slow, careful, ACROBATIC CLIMB ACROSS MILO'S
          BODY in an attempt to reach the gun without waking Milo up.
          She puts a hand on the headboard. She is lifting her knee
          over him, when he stirs.

          She freezes, waiting for him to settle. It's like playing
          Twister, only if the person you're playing with finds out,


          She manages to get herself STRADDLING HIM, arms stretched,
          THE GUN ALMOST WITHIN REACH, when:


                    Excuse me.

          Cass FREEZES.


                    What are you doing?

          She looks down. Milo is watching her, wide awake. Hmm. This
          is going to be a tough one to explain.


                    Um...


                    Are you trying to seduce me?



                    Yes. Yes I am.

          She tries to reach for the gun while they talk.



                    I didn't know you were still so
                    attracted to me. I mean, I remember
                    how you used to like to greet me at
                    the door in nothing but a...






                    Yes, it's true, I'm still attracted
                    to you.

          Her hand is groping around blindly, where the fuck is it? She
          stretches more, bringing her face even closer to Milo's.


                    Really? Wow. That's great news. You
                    know what would be really sexy
                    right now?

          Uh-oh.


                    If we both just went to sleep?


                    No. If you talked dirty to me.

          The gun seems to be getting father away. THEIR LIPS ARE



                    Ok.  Sewage. Mold.
                    Rotting carcass...


                    No, I mean, tell me about your
                    attraction to me.


                    Um...I can't stop thinking about
                    you.


                    Really? What part of me?


                    Just...all of you.


                    Be specific.

          Cass blushes fiercely. If she didn't want that gun so bad...



                    My great hair? My chest?
                    Or...something lower like...

          He reaches down and WHIPS OUT:





                    My gun?

          THE GUN IS IN HIS HAND. That's why she couldn't reach it. HE
          KNEW WHAT SHE WAS UP TO THIS WHOLE TIME. She flips off him
          and back onto her side. Milo sits up, flipping on the lights.


                    I knew I couldn't trust you!


                    I knew I couldn't trust you!


                    When were you gonna tell me about
                    the matches you found back there in
                    the hotel room?


                    When were you gonna tell me you
                    have no intention of helping me
                    with my story?



                    You're right. I'm not helping you.
                    This is my story now. This time I
                    get to come out on top! Karma,
                    babe. K-a-r-m-a. Karma....


                    Oh my god, would you get over it
                    already! So I cracked the case
                    before you did, it was 3 years ago,
                    it happened, stop being such a baby
                    and move on!


                    Oh I'm moving on. You know how I'm
                    moving on? By cracking this case
                    before you, then taking you in so
                    you can spend this Xmas in jail,
                    all alone.

          He rolls over, turning his back to her. Cass stares at the
          ceiling, fuming.




          A strip club on the boardwalk. MOVING IN ON THE BACK DOOR...






          Jimmy, tied to a chair, watches nervously as MAHLER TAKES




                    So this is your place, huh? Nice.
                    Cozy. Probably more fun to sit
                    where you can actually see the
                    dancers, but...

          Mahler has all the boxes loaded up. He grabs a rag and
          approaches Jimmy.


                    Oh. Hey, listen, no need for that,
                    I swear I'll be as quiet as a
                    mouse.

          Mahler gags him, THEN PUNCHES HIM IN THE FACE. JIMMY SLUMPS



                    I know you will.

          Mahler grabs the dolly, flicks off the lights, and EXITS OUT







          Cass is in a booth, handcuffed, her mouth set, her face grim.
          No more Mr Nice Guy. She is scheming her way out.


          keeping one eye on Cass:


                    I'm just curious.



          Teresa at her desk, sipping eggnog.


                    No, I do not keep my ex's photo in
                    my wallet.

          Sid passes through, kids in tow, and carrying A HUGE, TANGLED
          BALL OF XMAS LIGHTS. Sid looks like he wants to put a bullet
          through his brain.




          Teresa mouths "Milo". Sid picks up the other extension.


                    What's the problem now?


                    No problem...


                    She keeps their wedding photo in
                    her wallet. He wants to know what
                    that means.


                    It means she's madly in love with
                    you.


                    Really?


                    No, you idiot, it means she hasn't
                    cleaned out her wallet in 3 years.
                    I'm pretty sure I'm still carrying
                    around a condom from 1987. (to one
                    of the kids) Son of a bitch,
                    Jeremy, don't eat things you find
                    on the floor.


                    I think it means she loves him.


                    Really? Cause it did make me
                    wonder...


                    Why do you care? Listen to me: you
                    hate this girl, remember? You drank
                    yourself out of a job over this
                    girl.


                    I quit my job.


                    You were fired.


                    I quit by getting myself fired.


                    Are you sleeping with her?





                    Teresa, get off the line. I knew I
                    should have sent Doug. Milo, do me
                    a favor. Don't call me again until
                    you get her to jail.

          CLICK. Sid hangs up. Milo turns to see Cass CONFERRING WITH



                        
                    Shit.




          Milo joins Cass. Re: Dawn:


                    What was that about?


                    Nothing. I had her add mayo to your
                    burger. I remember you like that.

          Milo glances at Dawn and she nods in confirmation.


                    Oh.  Thanks.

          Milo takes a bite from his burger and considers Cass.


                    Ok, look: I know you're probably
                    upset that you're not gonna get the
                    story. But a person can't win every
                    time, right?


                    Depends on the person.


                    Whadya mean?


                    Well, if the person you're
                    referring to is you, I agree: you
                    can't win every time.

          Suddenly, MILO GETS A FUNNY LOOK ON HIS FACE.



                    What's wrong?





                        
                    This burger...


                    One day stuff like that is gonna
                    kill ya.  Who knows? Maybe
                    even today.


                    My tug...is thwelling...
                    I tink dere might be sesame...


                    Yeah, I had her add that with the
                    mayo. Is that bad? Oh wait, you're
                    violently allergic to sesame.
                    Whoops. My bad.


          SLOWLY SLIDES OFF HIS CHAIR ONTO THE FLOOR. Cass calmly
          reaches across the table, taking his keys and unhandcuffing
          herself.

          Car keys in hand, she bends down to whisper in his ear:


                    You know what that is? "Karma". Oh,
                    and, I'll get the story. Watch me.

          ...and heads for the door.


                        
                    911? Yeah, there's a guy here about
                    to go into anaphylactic shock.
                    Better hurry.




          Cass drives along, on the phone with 411:


                    Yeah, "Charley's".  On
                    the boardwalk? Great. Thanks.




          Next to an ambulance, Milo is unconscious on a stretcher. An
          EMT prepares a HUGE SYRINGE, picks a spot on Milo's chest,
          then PLUNGES THE NEEDLE INTO IT.




          Milo JERKS up on a gurney, gasping for air.


                    Relax. That was an adrenaline shot.


                    I don't believe it. She tried to
                    kill me.

          The EMT exchanges a look with the ambulance driver, then
          helps Milo off the stretcher.


                    No one tried to kill you, buddy.
                    You just need to be more careful
                    about what you eat.


                    Thanks. Great tip.

          He checks his watch, then pulls out the GREEN MATCHBOOK:


                    Know where this place is?


                    Sure. Charley's, on the boardwalk.
                    And just FYI: when they say "don't
                    touch" the dancers, they mean with
                    with any part of your body, not
                    just your hands.

          The EMT folds the stretcher, loads it into the ambulance, and
          THEY DRIVE AWAY, leaving Milo in the parking lot.


                        (calling after them,

                    Thanks for the ride, by the way.

          Milo starts trying handles of parked cars until he finds one
          that's open and SLIPS INSIDE.




          Cass pulls up, parks in a lot, and instantly spots CHARLEY'S
          GREEN SIGN WITH THE BLACK HORSE SILHOUETTE, squeezed between
          a burger place and a souvenir shop. She slips out of the car,
          takes a careful look around, then works her way towards the
          club.








          CASS' POV- WOMEN DANCING, MEN DRINKING. Seedy and cheesy at
          the same time. Cass thinks this over, then slowly lets the
          door swing closed.




          Cass finds the back entrance. THE DOOR IS BOLTED. She is
          looking for a window to climb into, when she spots JIMMY'S


          Shit. Cass stares at the hat: JIMMY IS HERE SOMEWHERE. She
          presses her ear up against the back door:



                    Jimmy?

          Suddenly, SHE HEARS GROANING COMING FROM INSIDE. Or grunting.
          LIKE SOMEONE TRYING TO CALL OUT THROUGH A GAG. She looks
          around. There is a window higher up on the wall. Cass drags a
          trash can beneath the window, stacks another one on top of
          it, and cautiously climbs up.

          The window is locked and she can't see through it. Hmm. Fuck
          it. She takes her purse and SMASHES a pane of glass.

          She wobbles on trash cans and GRABS THE WINDOWSILL JUST AS





          Jimmy is staring nervously up at the broken window. He can
          see hands and can hear someone cursing under their breath.
          The top of a head appears, then a face: IT'S CASS.

          Relieved, Jimmy starts gesturing excitedly for her to come
          in. Cass climbs in, drops to the floor, hurries over to Jimmy
          and ungags him.


                    Untie me, quick, that psychopath is
                    gonna be back here any second...




          Cass peeks out the door, then gestures for Jimmy to follow.






          Cass and Jimmy are hurrying to the Cadillac...




          Cass and Jimmy climb in...


                    So what the hell is "Sparrow"?

          ...but before Jimmy can answer:


                    I have a better question...

          Cass looks in the rearview mirror. SHIT: DWIGHT AND RAY ARE



                    Where the fuck is Milo?

          Jimmy almost bursts into tears.


                    You know what? I think I'll get a
                    real job. Work at Kinko's. Or
                    Burger King. That doesn't sound so
                    bad anymore...



                    Hey. Who the fuck are you?


                    Nobody.


                    Right. So what the fuck are you
                    doing in this car?

          Jimmy glances back at them. Do they mean he can just...?


                        
                    Run, you jackass.

          Jimmy gives Cass a quick look , then exits the car
          and TAKES OFF RUNNING DOWN THE BOARDWALK. CASS CAN'T BELIEVE
          IT. She drops her forehead into the steering wheel in
          despair.






          Milo is driving along in a stolen Volvo, cables hanging under
          the steering wheel from where he hot-wired it. He is just
          coming up on the boardwalk when his phone rings.



                    What do you want, you crazy bitch?




          Cass is seated in a booth with Dwight and Ray. Into phone:


                    What kind of asshole runs up a
                    gambling debt with a bunch of
                    Neanderthals...


                    That's not what I told you to say.

          Ray grabs the phone away from her. Into phone:


                    As you can see: we have your
                    girlfriend.



                    And I'm not his girlfriend.


                    Oh, she's my girlfriend alright.
                    But fair is fair: you guys can keep
                    her.

          CLICK. Ray stares at the phone. In disbelief:


                    I think he hung up.


                    He what?


                        
                    Gimme that.






          Milo is pulling up. Sees Charley's. Then SEES HIS OWN CAR. He
          glances around: CASS MUST BE AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE.

          His phone rings again.


                    Hello, Lucky's Libations!




          Dwight tries to explain:


                    Look, Milo, I don't think you
                    understand: we're gonna hurt her.

          Milo hears MUSIC COMING FROM DWIGHT'S END. DANCE MUSIC.


          He heads for CHARLEY'S. Into phone:


                    Oh, I understand, alright, and I
                    don't blame ya. I want to hurt her
                    all the time.

          Cass grabs the phone from Dwight. Into phone:


                    Milo, listen, they're not kidding,
                    Ok?




          Milo slips inside and scans the room. HE SEES CASS IN A BOOTH
          ACROSS THE ROOM WITH DWIGHT AND RAY. Into phone:


                    Ok. Fine. Say you were wrong.

          Cass hesitates. Into phone:


                    For what?


                    For what? For poisoning me with
                    sesame and almost killing me!

          Beat.





                    Ok. Maybe that was not the best...


                    Say you were wrong.


                    I could have found a more mature...


                    Say you were wrong.


                    I was possibly out of line...


                    Say you were wrong.


                        
                    Ok, ok, I was wrong!


                    Ok. Now. Admit that the only reason
                    you were able to crack that case
                    three years ago was because you
                    looked through my files.

          Long pause.


                    What?


                    I think I'll hang up now...



                    Ok, Ok. I looked through your
                    files. Are you happy?


                    Thrilled. Now tell them I'll be
                    there in 20 minutes. Meanwhile,
                    stop shifting in your seat like
                    that and just tell them you have to
                    use the bathroom.

          Cass sits up straighter. Wait a second, he's here?


                    Don't look around. Just do it.

          CLICK. He hangs up.







                    You boys mind if I use the ladies
                    room?




          Cass enters. Milo is behind the door. He SLAMS the door
          closed after she is in, and blocks her escape.


                    You know what my mistake was? I
                    never should have let you out of
                    the trunk. I'm fine, by the way.
                    The doctor said I may have been
                    technically dead for a few seconds,
                    but I'm fine now.

          Cass is not impressed. She stares at him coldly.


                    So that's what you really think?
                    That I stole information from you?


                    It's not what I think, it's what I
                    know. How else did you beat me?


                        
                    Did it ever occur to you that I
                    just might be good at my job?

          Milo stares at her. Huh. It actually didn't occur to him...


                    That's what I thought. You know
                    what, Milo? You're an even bigger
                    asshole than I previously
                    suspected, and you deserve
                    everything that's happened to you.
                     And everything that's about
                    to happen to you.

          "About to happen"? Milo is just starting to realize...


                    You wouldn't...








          Son of a bitch. The bathroom door SHOOTS open and DWIGHT AND
          RAY ENTER. They back Milo into a corner. Cass smiles at Milo,
          waves, and exits.




          Cass comes flying out of the club and runs right into:





          Dwight and Ray are frisking Milo, taking away his array of
          weapons.


                    Wow. You always carry this much
                    gear?


                    Only during the holidays.




          Milo is pushed out of the bathroom, and comes face to face
          with CASS. MAHLER APPEARS FROM BEHIND HER, TAKES ONE LOOK AT



                    Remember me?


                    What the fuck?

          Dwight steps forward from behind Milo, AND POINTS HIS GUN AT



          Momentary stand-off. Stuck between the bad guys, MILO AND


          A half-naked dancer appears:


                    Lapdance?

          Everyone looks at her. She is just realizing...


                    Maybe I should come back later...











          TOTAL PANDEMONIUM. Girls screaming, patrons running for the
          exit.

          MAHLER AND DWIGHT BOTH GET HIT. Milo crawls over to a moaning
          Dwight and recovers his gun. He looks up in time to see CASS





          Milo comes out. THE BOARDWALK IS PACKED, CASS IS LOST IN THE
          CROWD. Milo raises his gun in the air and FIRES. People duck
          and scatter REVEALING CASS, climbing into the Cadillac.






          Cass jumps into the car and hits the gas. She is pulling
          away, victorious, WHEN THERE IS A SOUND ON THE ROOF.





                      Get off the car, Milo.

          He gives her the finger.


                      Get off the car, you psychopath.


                      Oh, I am a psychopath, and you know
                      why? Cause you made me that way.
                      And if I'm going crazy, I'm taking
                      you with me.

          He reaches a hand through the driver's window, grabbing at
          her. Cass SCREAMS, squeezes her eyes shut and HITS THE GAS.














          Cass opens her eyes. MILO IS HALFWAY IN THE PASSENGER WINDOW.







          Milo falls into the car, grabbing at the wheel. They fight
          for control of the car as it goes spinning off the road...




          The Cadillac skids wildly, COMPLETELY OUT OF CONTROL...



















          Silence.




          Cops everywhere, Dwight and Ray leaning over the hood of a
          squad car, being handcuffed, MAHLER UNCONSCIOUS ON A








                    It was an old Cadillac, this crazy
                    girl driving, and the guy was like,
                    on the roof...






          Cass and Milo both just sit there breathing for a moment.
          Then Milo turns and glares at Cass, and THE LOOK ON HER FACE





          CASS IS BACK IN THE TRUNK. Milo waves goodbye and SLAMS shut
          the lid.

          IMMEDIATELY, HIS CELL PHONE RINGS. Milo glances at it, then
          reluctantly answers:


                    Yeah?




          Bobby, ocean in the background, furious:


                    What the fuck are you doing? I
                    thought I told you to lie low.


                    I was lying low...


                    Yeah? Then how is it that a
                    statewide all-points was just put
                    out on the two of you?



                    It's a long story.


                    Ok, look, you guys better come to
                    me, I'll protect you til we figure
                    this out. Can you get to Pier 19?

          Milo looks around. He can just make out Pier 19 in the
          distance, a mile or two away.





                       Yeah.




          Milo and Cass drive up in the Cadillac and park out of sight.
          They exit the car and look around. The pier seems to be
          deserted. Then they hear a soft motor, and BOBBY APPEARS IN A



                       Get in.




          The sound of a motorboat chugging along.




          Bobby is at the back of the boat, steering. Cass and Milo are
          up front, explaining:


                       So, these guys have a bunch of
                       stolen evidence stashed somewhere
                       in Atlantic City...


                       And we think they're ditching it
                       tonight.

          A SMALL YACHT APPEARS ON THE HORIZON. Bobby steers the
          motorboat towards it. MILO AND CASS TURN TO LOOK AS THE YACHT







                       You know, if I was them, I'd store
                       the evidence on a boat, drive the
                       boat about 30 miles out, and blow
                       the whole thing up.

          Cass and Milo both slowly turn to find BOBBY POINTING A GUN
          AT THE TWO OF THEM. Off Milo's disappointed look:


                       Hey, man. I got mouths to feed.





                    Aw. That's what all the dirty cops
                    say.

          Bobby quickly frisks Cass, and frisks and disarms Milo. He
          steers the boat one-handed up next to the yacht and cuts the
          motorboats engine.

          Milo makes a sudden LUNGE for Bobby and BOBBY CRACKS HIM OVER



          Milo struggles back up to a seated position.


                    You've always been such a stubborn
                    asshole, Milo. You just don't
                    listen. All you had to do was stay
                    where I told you and none of this
                    would have happen. Now the two of
                    you are gonna have to go down with
                    the boat.















          PAN TO THE DOORWAY, where Bobby stands, inspecting the room.


                    Ok. Guess that's it. Gotta go.
                     You know what?
                    You guys make a great couple.

          Bobby exits and Cass and Milo are alone.

          Suddenly, CASS STARTS GIGGLING.


                    What's so funny?


                    My mom was worried I wouldn't have
                    plans for Xmas Eve.




          Cass is laughing harder and harder until MILO REALIZES:


                    Hey, are you crying?



                    No. I'm not...

          Milo doesn't know what to do. His hands are trapped in front
          of him, he can't even pat her on the shoulder.


                    Ok, just don't...


                    I'm not crying.


                    I know you're not.


                    I just... I can't
                    believe I going to die by being
                    blown up and sinking to the bottom
                    of the ocean with someone who
                    thinks I'm a total liar.


                    We're not gonna die.


                    Oh yeah? What's the plan?



                    Well...

          Milo looks around. There is a SMALL PORTHOLE IN ONE WALL.
          Milo assumes a take-charge manner:


                    Ok. Here's what we do. We're going
                    to synchronize our efforts in order
                    to cross the room and manipulate
                    the bomb out of the room and into
                    the water in order to diffuse the
                    explosive impact.

          Beat.


                    You mean we're going to throw the
                    bomb out the window?





                    Uh, yeah. Or we can just wait to
                    get blown up.





                    I'm with you. Go, team, go.


                    That's the spirit. Ok, first we're
                    going sideways: to the left...

          Milo leans one way, Cass leans the other: THEY DON'T MOVE.


                    Ok. My left this time...

          They both lean to the left and topple over. Milo is facing
          the direction of the bomb.


                    Now we're gonna work our way over
                    to the bomb.

          They start moving like a sideways inchworm, creeping along.


                    And I don't think you're a total
                    liar, but in my own defense, I was
                    one of the top detectives in my
                    division, I had been working that
                    case for months, and then you just
                    waltzed in and solved it.


                    I didn't just "waltz in". You know
                    I had been working it for months,
                    too. Isn't it possible that we're
                    both good at our jobs, and I just
                    happened to come out ahead?

          Beat.



                    Oh. Well, I... Look,
                    I was confused, I had never been in
                    love before!


                    Well, neither had I!




          Milo seems surprised to hear this. But before he can respond,




                    Ow...


                    Shit..


                    Dammit...

          They are stopped when MILO'S FACE IS SLAMMED INTO THE SIDE OF
          THE BOAT. Milo lets out a grunt. Beat.


                    Milo?



                    I'm Ok. Ok, we need to turn to the
                    right, and wait for the next wave.

          They both start turning separate ways:


                    My right.

          They turn to the right and wait. After a moment:


                    So. You were in love with me?


                    Of course I was in love with you,
                    why do you think I married you?

          No response. Behind her back, Milo looks sheepish. Cass



                    Oh. My. God. You think I married
                    you so I could get info on the
                    case? Who am I, Mata Hari?

          Milo looks confused. He is trying to figure out...


                    She's a spy, Milo.

          Aaah.






                    I know that. Everybody knows that.
                    Mata Hari the spy.

          Beat. Milo clears his throat.


                    Well. It might be a little late for
                    this. But...nice job on the
                    article.


                    You know, if I had something sharp
                    right now, I would stab you.


                    No, really, I mean, it was well-
                    written and...


                    Can you just get us out of here,
                    please?

          Suddenly, A WAVE HITS THE BOAT, AND THEY GO ROLLING TOWARDS



                    Umph...


                    Ughh...


                    Son of a...


                    Ow...

          And they come to a stop, MILO'S FACE PRESSED RIGHT UP TO THE
          BOMB. He watches the timer: "00:44, 00:43, 00:42..."


                    Can you see the bomb?


                    Uh, yeah. I can see the bomb. Now
                    we get up.

          MILO GRABS THE BOMB AND HOLDS IT AGAINST HIS BELLY. Cass and
          Milo push against each other, and struggle up to a standing
          position.

          Great. So far, so good.




          Only, MILO CAN'T RAISE HIS ARMS. AND THE PORTHOLE IS SIX FEET



                    Did you throw it?


                    Not exactly.


                    Well, what are you waiting for?


                    I'm waiting for a pig to fly in
                    here and grab it.


                        
                    Milo...


                    Ok, Ok. Um, on 3, I need you to
                    jump.

          Beat.


                    What?


                    You know: "jump, jump, jump around,
                    jump."


                    Are you serious?


                    No. I'm fucking with you. For fun.
                    Just for my own personal
                    enjoyment...


                    Ok, Ok.


                    Ok: 1, 2, 3...




          We see MILO'S HEAD POP INTO VIEW, THEN DISAPPEAR.










          This time, MILO POPS UP HIGH ENOUGH THAT WE SEE HIS HANDS...



          And finally, MILO IS HIGH ENOUGH THAT HE CAN THRUST THE BOMB







          Milo and Cass, both a little out of breath, stand still,
          listening. Silence.


                    Think the water defused it?


                    Lemme ask you this? Has anything
                    gone our way yet?




          Cass and Milo get drenched, BUT ARE SAFE.


                    Nice job.


                    Hey. You, too.


                    Thanks.


                    Now lets find something to cut
                    these ropes off...


                    Think we can catch that cop?


                    Trust me: we can definitely catch
                    that cop.

          Because at this very moment...






          ...Bobby is paddling frantically, pausing every once in a
          while to curse the motor, WHICH FOR SOME REASON REFUSES TO
          START. He see the lights of another boat coming up behind
          him, and he paddles faster.




          Milo steers the yacht right up behind Bobby, dwarfing the
          motorboat. Calling out:


                    Hey, Bobby. I got one for ya...

          Bobby looks up to see MILO POINTING AN ASSAULT RIFLE HE



                    What's the difference between a
                    snowman and a snowwoman? (holding
                    something up) The spark plug.

          Bobby checks the motor: SO THAT'S WHY IT WON'T RUN. MILO
          GRABBED THE SPARK PLUG. Milo and Cass grin down at Bobby
          while he kicks the motor and swears.






          Cops are everywhere. Cass and Milo are seated on a bench,
          exhausted, watching as THE COPS UNLOAD BOXES OF STOLEN
          EVIDENCE FROM THE YACHT. Bobby is cuffed in the back of a
          squad car.

          After a moment:


                    Merry Xmas. I got you this.

          Milo hands Cass some seaweed.


                    You shouldn't have.

          Milo checks his watch.


                    Hey. I've still got three hours to
                    get you to jail. Looks like I'm
                    gonna win that bet after all.




          Cass' eyes go wide. Suddenly, she JUMPS UP and BOLTS.


                        
                    You have got to be kidding me.




          Like an action sequence in slo-mo, Cass stumbles across the
          sand, exhausted, Milo at her heels. Finally, he makes one
          last effort, LUNGES for her, brings her down and SNAPS on the
          cuffs.


                        (muffled, face in the

                    I'm not going without a fight.


                    Yeah. I'm getting that.

          He pulls her to her feet.



          Milo leads Cass up to the clerk, both of them looking like a
          mess. He checks his watch:


                    9am. See? Easy as pie.(nudging
                    Cass) Go on, say it.


                        
                    I'd like to turn myself in. (can't
                    resist) Though I didn't do anything
                    wrong...


                    Stop talking.


                    ...and I was unjustly arrested...

          To shut her up, Milo GRABS HER AND KISSES HER. THEN SHE IS


          Then Milo hands her over to the clerk.


                        
                    See ya.





                        
                    Oh. Ok.

          The clerk leads her into the jail.




          Milo exits. He passes some cops on their way in. ONE GELMAN,



                    Hey. It's that jerk-off bounty
                    hunter.

          Milo stops in his tracks. Mentally weighs the pros and cons.



                    Ah, what the hell.

          He turns around, walks back to Gelman, AND SMASHES HIM IN THE





          Cass is trying to find a clean place to sit down, when MILO



                    Oh my god, what happened?


                    Hey. I couldn't let you spend Xmas
                    alone. Besides, I didn't really
                    have any plans other than drinking
                    some cheap whiskey and putting my
                    fist through a wall.


                    I'm touched that you would give
                    that up for me.


                    Hey. It's the kind of guy I am.

          Cass grins. WEDDING MUSIC KICKS IN:


                    Well, you were right.






          Sid and Lois are watching as MILO AND CASS GET REMARRIED.


                     Of course I was right. I knew
                     they'd get back together if they
                     were just stuck together long
                     enough. And thank god. Better she
                     drives him crazy than me.


                     I hear ya.






                     I love you.


                     I love you more.

          Cass smiles. Beat. Then:


                     Well, I doubt you love me more.


                     I'm just saying I love you a lot.


                     Right. I know. I love you a lot,
                     too. Let's just say you love me and
                     leave it at that.


                     Fine. I love you.


                     Fine.  Cause I love you more.


                     Oh yeah?  Wanna
                     bet?



