









                   Written by

                 Justin Simien





                August 21st, 2013









               A "race war" has erupted at one of
               the nation's oldest and most
               prestigious institutions.

     Glued to this are our story's subjects, who we meet in...



     TROY FAIRBANKS, 21, Black. He drags a brush through his
     finger waves anxiously. The look of guilt is the only mark
     of imperfection in his privileged and chiseled demeanor.


               Outrage over an "African American
               Themed" party organized by
               predominately white students of
               Manchester University has resulted
               in rioting and property damages.

2A   KURT FLETCHER, 21, white. No sympathy in his jaded blue      2A
     eyes as he watches on an iPad in a lavish parlor room.


               Guests were invited to "liberate
               their inner Negro, fry up chicken,
               enjoy a sugar water concoction
               known as Purple drank and wear
               oversized Barack Obama T-shirts."

2B   COLANDREA CONNERS , 20, Black with blue contacts    2B
     adjusts the straight bangs of her weave to better see the
     small TV in her dorm. A smirk on her glossy pink lips.            *


               Officials claim an investigation is
               underway to find those responsible
               for the event and subsequent riot.

2C   SAMANTHA WHITE  21, records the broadcast in an       2C
     edit bay. Despite her light skin, the Afro pick in her fro
     pompadour leaves little doubt she identifies as Black.


               In an effort to address diversity
               issues, the school appointed
               African American scholar Dr. Walter
               Fairbanks as Dean of Students.

2D   LIONEL HIGGINS, 20, Black, watches through dark rimmed    2D
     glasses in a bustling indifferent Dining Hall. A guilt pains
     his otherwise boyish face.




               Last year the Dean's office
               celebrated slight gains in diverse
               applicants but with many now
               calling for Fairbanks' resignation,
               that may have been pre-mature.

2E   DEAN WALTER FAIRBANKS, a well adorned Black man in his       2E
     50's fights a panic as he watches in a stately office.


               Up next, a cat that loves to water
               ski? That and more after the break.


               How could this happen?





     This sprawling impressive mix of Colonial, Gothic and Modern
     architecture is presented like a living brochure.



     As we cut through the living brochure, we're presented with
     groups and programs. Their CRESTS and titles SUPERIMPOSED.



3A   White kids with "Trump" blazers and glares - DESMOND         3A


3B   Kids with dark eye circles and unkempt hair stand before     3B
     the BING SCHOOL OF HISTORY.

3C   A cluster of skinny jeans and expressive hands before the 3C
     GOODMAN MEDIA SCHOOL. ONE BLACK KID stands in the back.


               Dear White People. The minimum
               requirement of Black friends needed
               to not seem racist has just been
               raised to two.



     Samantha White  watches the campus through a one way
     window with the cool but knowing gaze of someone much older.
     She gets off on sensing and pushing buttons - with a
     subversive delivery style that boarders on deadpan.






               Sorry, but your weed man Tyrone
               does not count.

     She fades in JAZZ on her control board and leans back to
     address a box of pamphlet sized books bearing the title
     "EBONY AND IVY: A SURVIVAL GUIDE." One by one she scribbles
     her autograph on the books.





     Disheveled caffeinated writers of the MANCHESTER BUGLE.

5A   Casual Prepsters shoot us the finger - PASTICHE HUMOR INC. 5A

5B   Hopping out of a taxi is Lionel Higgins. His sweet but       5B
     insecure nature as plain as the unkempt fro on his head.



     STUDENTS shove past him - one even slaps a flyer into his
     already full hands. Lionel's a guppy. The kind that gets
     eaten alive in a tank of sharks.

     As Lionel gets to the door of a large Colonial style home he
     checks his pockets. He's missing something. Shit.


                   
               Kurt! You home?

     Lionel dials on his cell and we hear the PHONE RING from
     inside. Voicemail pops on with a voice other than Lionel's.


               Hey boyssss, you've reached Lionel
               Higginsss, the only bitch on
               campussss who'll give you a
               dickssscount. That's right hunty,
               the bigger the dick the less you'll
               have to pay me to ssssuck it.

     The beep sounds. Lionel's in shock. Should he hang up? Or...


               Kurt. It's Lionel. I'm locked out.

     As Lionel slides down the length of the door into a sit he
     unfolds the flyer he was just handed. It's a rendering of Sam
     White on a carton of milk with the caption:







     Signs scream out "ORIENTATION" as jazz music wafts from the
     laptops of a group of NEO BEATNIKS. As the music fades...


               Dear White People, apparently
               Morgan Freeman in "Deep Impact"
               wasn't enough. Despite two terms
               Obama could cure Cancer and
               somewhere White folks will be
               embroiled in protest. And he's only
               half Black.

     GABE, 24, white and ruggedly handsome in spite of his shaggy
     hair and "laundry day" flip flop clad ensemble, catches the
     end of this as he passes - grabs his cell phone and dials...



     ...Sam presses a button next to a red light on her controls.


               Talk to me.

     INTERCUT with Gabe walking about on campus.


               What would you say if someone
               started a Dear Black People?


                   
               No need. Mass media from Fox News
               to reality tv on VH1 makes it clear
               what white people think of us.





     Manchester's white and rich elite before BECHET HOUSE.

8A   Athletes of many disciplines before WEBSTER HOUSE.        8A

8B   An eclectic group of Black students with some Latinos and 8B
     a sprinkling of whites before ARMSTRONG / PARKER HOUSE.


               I'm fucking pissed...





     Colandrea Conners  trains her unnaturally blue eyes
     right at us from a Youtube page pulled up on an iPad. She's
     got an entitled air about her. Even her cusses sound erudite.


               ...I am! The whole point of
               randomized housing is to mix shit
               up. I'm out here trying to find the
               Olivier to my Halle Berry, and
               they've got me looking like an
               extra on a Different World...

     The video ends with a click. Looking up is HELMUT WEST, a
     30's something Black man in dark rimmed glasses and trendy
     everything. Too stylish for this place. If he's impressed,
     it's barely perceptible.


               You call your Youtube show "Doing
               Time at an Ivy League?"

     He stares right at Coco, there in the flesh.


               In my second year of a four year
               sentence. Wanted to go to New York.




               Yeah? And do what?


               Things my mama taught me not to.
               You know get in a lot of trouble
               and become famous for it. But alas
               I didn't get into Tisch...


               Armstrong / Parker? That your
               rooming assignment?


               Traditionally it's where the
               hopelessly Afrocentric gather to
               process their guilt over not going
               to an HBCU.
                   
               Where the Negros be at.


               That's not where you want to be?




          Bechet House is more my style.


          With the rich white kids.


          Excuse me?


          What part of Chicago you from?


          Hyde Park.


          What street?


          Seventy Eighth and --


          -- Seventy Eighth is Southside
          sweetheart. And you know what they
          say. You can take the girl out the
          hood but --


          -- Ain't nothing hood about me.


          Thanks so much for coming in.

Coco gets up to leave. Tries to recover.


          So what's this show about anyway?


          Here's the way reality works
          sweetheart, I'm the producer. I ask
          the questions. Be in touch.

And with that Helmut hustles Coco out. He sits and ponders
before unmuting his iPad.


          Dear White People I am here to
          burst your post-racial little
          bubble.




               Yes Oprah may have her own network,
               but Ann Coulter is still writing
               best sellers, Black kids are still
               getting shot for wearing hoodies,
               and even here the few vestiges of
               Black culture are under attack by
               conservative groups, trustees and
               yes our very own President
               Fletcher.

     Helmut double checks his app fighting a genuine grin.


               This is the school radio?



     A pristine pair of Retro Jordans make their way through the
     halls of Armstrong / Parker where Black students have lively
     debates, flirt and bump the student radio.


               Dear White People, thanks to the
               new process of randomizing housing
               assignments for Sophomores, some of
               you may be jarred by an assignment
               to Armstrong/Parker house.

     The owner of the Jordans is revealed as Troy Fairbanks.


               Someone turn that trash off.



     Even with his post workout sweat he looks like the cover of
     Jet. Troy exudes "approachable homie" as he spots a small
     group of WHITE SOPHOMORES who walk timidly down the hall.


               Newbies right?

     The white sophomores nod their heads yes.


               Welcome to Armstrong / Parker, home
               of the dopest dining hall in all of
               Manchester. I'm Troy, Head of
               House.


               What's up my brother?




          When encountering a Black person
          try and stay calm. Don't say things
          like "what's up" and "my brotha"
          That's not how you normally talk.


          Ya'll take care. Nice Jordan's bro.

Coco and SOFIA FLETCHER, a dewy-eyed, pink lipped brunette
who exudes a kind of sexy boredom saunter down the halls.


          Your hair is so cute B. T. Dubs.


          You're so cute.


          Is it weaved?

Coco's face is a battle between fury and polite surprise.


          I saw "Good Hair" in Afro studies.


              
          Hey what house did you get?


          Huh? Oh Bechet bitch.


          Of course. The mere thought of a
          Fletcher anywhere else...


          Easy, it was the luck of the draw.
          Daddy had nothing to do with it.

Coco rolls her eyes behind a smile.


          And honestly, if I had to pick
          anywhere to be it'd be here.

Sofia eyes the delicious morsels of chocolate boys about.


          I'm down to switch if you are. You
          get your Denzel. I get my Gosling.




          Oh I got mines. Want to meet him?

They turn the corner to spot Troy greeting more new
Sophomores. Coco's caught off guard by his looks.


          Cute...
              (off Sofia's jealous
               glance)
          ...for a Black boy.

Troy sees Sofia and flashes his trademark grin. They kiss.


          Hey boo. This is my friend Coco.
          She's new to the house.


          Hey I'm Troy. Welcome to Armstrong
          / Parker, home of the dopest --


          -- Are we on duty?


          Head of House is always on duty.


          Nice to meet you. I should get
          settled. Thanks Sof!

Sofia and Troy smile as Coco turns to go - and continue down
the hallway. Coco sneaks one last glance at Troy's ass.


          Think I got time for a quick cut?


          You got it cut last week.


          It's a Black thing babe.


          Since when is OCD a Black thang?


          Don't say "thang" like that.


          Besides you've got a shift at the
          Politicos booth, then a shift at
          Orientation, then your advisor --




                -- I'll just wear a hat.


               Then a movie maybe? Just us?


               Election night. Babe, come on.

     Sofia holds her tongue. Troy ignores this as he spots...


               Yo, Kurt my man.



     ...Kurt Fletcher - flanked by guys who share his cynical
     knowing glare. We recognize them from the "Pastiche" portrait
     from before.

     As they chow down on Mac &amp; Cheese in the Dining Hall - Kurt's
     glare burns particularly hot towards Troy who waves at him.


               Sis.

     Sofia smiles at her brother Kurt. Troy covers the sting of
     his dismissal.

     They both spot Sam's "Missing: Black culture" flyers.


               Is she kidding with this?


               You don't have to run again. Just
               because it's her doesn't mean --


               -- I can't let Sam and her wannabe
               Black Panthers take the House. The
               House needs me. This is who I am.


               It's who he wants you to be.

     Troy smiles over his irritation. This is an old fight.


               Oh so you pick up a Psych class you
               think you Freud or something? Huh?


               A Freud reference. Sophisticated.




                   
               Fine Beck, Jung, Maslow...

     Troy gets a kiss out of her as they pass a booth featuring
     stacks of Sam's "EBONY &amp; IVY." The booth is manned by REGGIE,
     21, Black - his fro top and preppy punk attire is both
     bohemian and radical.

     Troy glares at Sam's picture on the book. It's on. There's a
     history between Sam and Troy. Off Reggie's laptop we hear...


               Dear White People, this just in.
               Dating a Black person to piss off
               your parents is a form of racism.

     Sofia walks off as Troy hears snickers from around him.


               Yo Troy I forget. Is your major in
               shucking or was it jiving?


               My major's in Jive. Minoring in
               Shuck. You're still majoring in
               trying to fuck my left overs right?

     Troy walks off as Reggie and Kurt watch him join Sofia.


               You need a shower.



     Water runs while Troy takes a hit of weed from a pipe over
     the toilet. He blows the smoke out an open window through a
     paper towel tube with a dryer sheet attached to its end. He
     jots something down on a notepad as he whispers...


               You went from ODB to Trey Songz...



     The hall is packed with STUDENTS - stylish and mostly Black.
     Helmut West watches from the back.


               Artie, you know your success ratio
               with the ladies went up like thirty
               percent after I started edging you
               up dog, come on. You went from ODB
               to Trey Songz!



The audience is in STITCHES at this last line. Everyone
except Sam, Reggie and their crew of afro'd bohemian
disciples . Sam records the
proceedings with a vintage Super 8 camera.


          That's his platform? Haircuts?


          Oofta is as Oofta does.

Coco, sneaks through the door. She's got the eyes of Helmut
on her. What is he doing here? As Coco breaks eye contact she
sits in the only open spot next to...


          Just because we're colored don't
          mean we run on colored people time.


          Boycotting hot combs don't make you
          an expert on "colored people" boo.

Coco wafts her silky hair over her shoulders and sits.


          No but seriously, I care about you
          guys. I care about this house. We
          had a great year last year and if
          it ain't broke...

Troy basks in his applause. Coco eats him up with her eyes.

Sam doesn't want to get up - her breathing gets heavier.


          Just pretend like you're in the
          booth. Just you and the mic.


          Hate this shit.

As Sam gets up and passes Troy --


          You really think you can take this
          from me?


          Troy we live in a world where
          there's a Big Momma's House 3. I
          don't have a chance in hell. Thank
          God.



Sam grabs the mic. Her voice shakes before the silent crowd.


          Troy my brother, it's broke.

The BoFros cheer and make noise on each line.


          Troy's a legacy kid. And yet it's
          under his watch that Armstrong /
          Parker, the bastion of Black
          culture here was gutted. By the
          Randomization of Housing Act.
          Second years of color no longer
          have a say in where they go. The
          culture that's been fostered in
          this house for two decades will be
          wiped out in two years.

Troy looks to see if the speech is working. As Sam warms up --


          This wasn't motivated by a desire
          to mix things up. Bring about
          racial and socioeconomic harmony.
          No, the Black kids are sitting
          together in the proverbial
          cafeteria and they must be up to no
          good.

Coco's eyes are in the back of her head.


          We sit together to protect
          ourselves. Over a century of houses
          grouped by sports affiliations,
          political leanings, majors, you
          name it. Black folks get their own
          house, suddenly we got a problem?

Students look at each other stunned. Are they turning? Sam
delivers the next one directly at Sofia and Troy.


          This Act doesn't affect the other
          houses like it does ours. There are
          plenty of trustees, former coaches,
          and presidents watching out for the
          others. All we have is a Dean who'd
          rather please his massa --


          -- Yo that's enough of that Sam --




               -- then stand up for his own. Look,
               I know ya'll ain't voting for me.
               Ya'll ain't ready and I didn't come
               here for that. The Black Student
               Union and I have brought a petition
               to repeal the Randomization of
               Housing Act. I plan on bringing it
               to the President and together we
               can bring Black back to Manchester.
               It'll be by the door.

     Sam sits as claps trickle from the crowd. The BoFros go crazy
     - give her daps and all sorts of praise.

     MARTIN, 20, a gentle erudite giant of a football player with
     neat braids tucked under a Fedora raises a hand.


               I assume everyone has the app I
               created by now?


                   
               It's a child's app...


               Good. Voting may commence.

     Everyone takes out smart phones. Reggie hides his from view
     as he punches something in.

     Troy spots the white Sophomores he greeted from before who
     give him a head nod. Troy's got this. After a moment...


               Okay. Looks like we've got
               ourselves a winner.
                   
               Sam White?

     The blood drains from Sam's face and Troy's smile plummets
     into the floor as the two turn to look at each other.


               Oh shit.

     Reggie's grin is from ear to ear as Helmut walks over and
     slips a card to a still stunned Sam. Coco watches him go.



     Right on the heels of Helmut's exit is...




               So that's what you're looking for?


               I'm looking for good TV sister.


               I think I'd be good TV.


               You're at a great school, getting a
               great education. Be good at that.


               I am. And when I graduate early
               with an Economics degree from
               Manchester it will be the crowning
               achievement of my Black middle
               class parents' ambitions.


               Conflict is a commodity in my
               industry. Sam's got it. Do you?


               So you want me to start a fight.


                   
               I don't want you to do anything you
               wouldn't otherwise do.

     Helmut hands her his card. A fire sparks in Coco as he exits.
     He contemplates her. Fights a growing smile.



     A fireplace rages behind Lionel who stares at the floor while
     the message plays over speaker phone.


               ...bigger the dick the less you'll
               have to pay me to ssssuck it.

     Dean Fairbank's mind ticks away behind a concerned glare.


               Most everything's locked up, but
               we'll find another residence to
               move you to. Third time's a charm.
                   
               What about Armstrong / Parker?




          I don't know...


          I might have an opening. Maybe it'd
          be good to be around...you know.


          Dean. The worst thing about high
          school, and believe me it was a
          long list, were the Black kids.


          Maybe it's in your head. Sure,
          sometimes our folks can be
          intolerant around people like you.
          Homo --


          -- I don't believe in labels.

Fairbanks just smiles. This is a sore spot and he backs off.

Lionel glares up at a poster above Fairbank's desk: Students
of all races on the steps of Ellington Library including Troy
with the phrase "MANCHESTER: WHERE YOU BELONG" printed below.
Troy's huge smile seems to mock him.


          You like jazz Lionel? Manchester's
          like jazz you know.


          This is a research school.


          And jazz is tension. The interplay
          of improvised solos all creating
          one song. Your problem is you've
          got no instrument. No major, no
          affiliations, no solo son.


          I submit articles to the
          Independent Observer.


          No one reads the Independent
          Observer, my point is are you
          playing swing or bebop?


          You're mixing metaphors.




               Are you a sax or are you a trumpet?


               I hate jazz.

     Fairbanks checks his watch. All out of ideas.


               I'll do what I can. Not a word of
               this in the Observer okay?


               What's it matter? No one reads it.



     Lionel walks alone through the buzzing campus. He looks out
     to..

     ...a group of BLACK KIDS. He sees a version of himself
     amongst them - his hair a finger waved Ceasar fade, as he
     trades "No Homo's" with the others.

     Lionel shakes it off. Peers over to a group of out and proud
     gay kids and sees a version of himself amongst them - his
     hair straightened and coifed in a fitted shirt laughing.

     Not right either. Where does he fit? By surprise...


               Lionel right?

     GEORGE PIERCE, 24, an intellectual whose tattooed quotes from
     Nietzsche peek out seductively from under his button up.


               George. We had Civ last semester?
               How you doing?


               Grood...Gate...I'm ah..


               Fan of your stuff. In the Observer?


               No one reads the Observer.


               You seen this?

     George hands Lionel Sam's "Missing Black Culture" flyer.




          The residents of Armstrong / Parker
          just made her head of house. Am I
          crazy or is there a there there?


          What made you come over here?

George holds up Sam's "Ebony &amp; Ivy." Lionel takes it.


          I mean I'm glad you came --


          -- My staff? God bless them.
          They're whiter than Michael
          Jackson's kids. We're fucked if
          anyone of them writes this story
          and I will not let the transfers at
          the Gazette do it first.


          The oldest one has his face.


          You're in the Black Student Union.
          You probably know Sam.

Lionel shakes his head "yes" and "no" at the same time.


          You come up with a good angle? I
          want it in the Bugle.

Lionel eyes the bold "Bugle" logo on George's shirt.


              
          Trumpet...


          Bugle. Focus. The only paper on
          campus with a national subscription
          base and an Advisor from the New
          York Times? Only so many ways a
          person can distinguish themselves
          at a place like this Lionel. You're
          good. You belong with us.

The way Lionel fights the smile creeping up his face - we
know he's never heard these words. Never belonged any place.
Doesn't hurt there's a handsome boy smiling at him either.





     Troy and Sam sit across from each other at a table. Their
     opposite facing laptops and a world of tension put a wall
     between them.


               Get it yet?

     Sam shakes her head yes.


               Good. You've now got the shared
               calendar, contacts, and official
               email.

     Troy throws a smirk her way before pulling out a thick stack
     of papers.


               Oh and before I forget.


               Event requests for the year?


               Just this month. They need your
               approval. Also don't forget to pick
               your office hours. At least 20 per
               week.


               That's absurd.


               You're in charge of a hundred
               residents now. And they need time
               to complain to your face. About
               noise. Leaky pipes. Gluten free
               options in the cafeteria. Etcetera.


               Troy. I didn't think I was going to
               win.


               And by the way petitioning the
               President on the Randomization of
               Housing Act isn't gonna do shit.
               None of the other houses are
               concerned.




               Because they all have a legacy of
               rich and powerful allies on the
               board who will make sure that
               "random" works out to their
               advantage.


               And you think a petition is going
               to change that?

     Troy gets up to leave as Reggie sits - suspicious. Sam's
     phone buzzes: "MOM." The letters chill Sam to the core.



     Lionel steps his way through the hall, a deer in headlights
     with a notepad. He flips through Sam's "EBONY &amp; IVY" book...


               The Armstrong / Parker dining hall
               is the epicenter of Black culture
               as it stands at Manchester. Only
               here can you commiserate, celebrate
               and discuss everything from Kanye
               West lyrics to theoretical
               relativism all in one sitting. Not
               to mention find someone who can
               actually do your hair.



     Lionel enters and takes a place in a line. He absorbs this
     lively and somewhat alien dining hall.

     Troy now holds court near the windows at a table of eight or
     so friends including Martin and SUNGMI, a lip ringed Korean
     art major.


               "We wuz robbed." That election was
               suspect man.

     Martin glares at Reggie and his giant souped-up Laptop. Sam
     breaks this by sitting back down - her phone call ending.


               You call me the minute there's an
               update. Love you too mom.

     Sam hangs up. The call's really put her in a bad place. She
     sits at a table of her Bofros - who we'll name by their hair.




          There is one other sister in my
          Relativity class, I'll be damned if
          our professor doesn't call me
          Laretta every God damn time.


          We all look the same.


          Programming professor gets me and
          Martin here mixed up constantly.


          You should be so lucky.

Reggie glances over at Martin's Mac Air.


          Cute. You get that at Toys R Us?

Sam pulls out her Mac and her student ID card.


          You still using your ID number?


          I always forget passwords.


          You are begging to get hacked.


          Good thing the one evil techno-
          genius thinking like that is on my
          side.

Sam pushes aside all the paperwork on her table.


          So this is what the revolution
          looks like? Office hours and
          paperwork.

Sam pulls her camera out - starts to shoot the room.


          Winning was a happy accident. We
          want the reform repealed right?


          Means to an end, sister.



Sam feels the heat of her disciples' eyes on her as the topic
of the day rages on with the entrance of Coco, who sits with
a group of well manicured hot-ironed group of girls, white
and Black.


          The talented tenth always has to
          bust its ass a little bit harder,
          but I don't see the benefit in
          blaming white folks for everything.


          Who's blaming?


          I don't see the issue. I never had
          one. Never ran into any lynch mobs.

Lionel takes a seat alone facing the action.

Kurt and crew enter with plates of mac and cheese and sit in
the heart of the conversation. Lionel avoids eye contact.


          Lynch mob is still there. Just re-
          branded itself.


          As what pray tell?


          The Republican party.


          Want to know how this world sees
          you? Go to a Young Republican's
          meeting and bring up Welfare.


          Or Immigration.


              
          Or gay equality.


          Bullshit.


          I agree. Got something to add?


          The biggest athletes, movie stars,
          hell your president is Black.




          Sometimes I think the hardest thing
          to be in the American work force
          right now is an educated white guy.


          You're not serious.


          You guys still got affirmative
          action, you're set.


          This shit.


          What are you doing in here?


          Obama. Leader of the free world got
          into Harvard on affirmative action.
          Know who's not president right now?
          The guy that didn't get in.


          On behalf of the colored folks in
          the room, let me apologize for all
          the better qualified white students
          whose place we're taking up.

Kurt chuckles - a bit turned on by the argument.


          You get lost? Bechet is that way.


          Yeah but what other dining hall
          gives you chicken and waffles? Dear
          White People right? Funny stuff.
          How haven't we staffed you yet?


          On Pastiche? Your uninspired humor
          magazine?


          We're a lot more than a magazine
          sweetie. SNL staff is basically
          half Lampoon, half Pastiche. Just
          like the network comedies.

A flash of envy comes over Troy and Coco.




          What gives you Clubhouse kids the
          right to come to our Dining Hall?

Kurt eats an exaggerated scoop of mac and cheese.


          You don't live here.


          Sam? What are you doing?


          You can't eat here.

Kurt eyes this new adversary. Enjoys a good challenge.


          Chill Sam damn. Let the man--


          -- I got this.


          Who are you to put me out?


              
          I'm the Head of this house. And I'm
          doing things my way.

Sam shoots this last one to Martin. Kurt rolls his eyes to
which Sam slams his tray to the ground.

Lionel scribbles down notes furiously on a notepad.


          You got any idea who you're --


          -- Yeah, I know who your daddy is.
          The same one who's been pushing to
          break up this House for a decade.
          What's wrong? Is he scared letting
          the Negroes gather in groups might
          start a rebellion on the
          plantation? You tell him from
          me...he should be.

Kurt looks into Sam's eyes and then his crew. They want out.


          Bad move.



     Kurt leads his crew out of the dining hall drawing a slight
     snicker from Lionel which draws Sam's eyes right to him.

     Something sparks in Lionel. He takes out his phone and texts
     to GEORGE: "I've got the angle. I'm in."


               You too.


               Me?


               Is this your house?

     Lionel sinks - the eyes of everyone in the room on him.

     Sam sits back down as a trickle of claps grow to a steady
     applause. Troy and his table look around baffled.

     By the caution on Sam's face it seems the first time she's
     ever heard this sound directed at her.

     A slight envy boils in Coco.

     One last look to the room from Lionel before he slips out.
     Locked out again.



     Coco scrolls Sam's "Dear White People" Youtube page. 75K
     Subscribers. She presses play on the latest video.


               Dear White People, stop dancing.

     Two seconds. 600K views.


               The fuck?

     Coco exits and opens her own "TIME AT AN IVY LEAGUE" page. 2K
     subscribers. Her latest video is at 10K views. Alright... She
     presses record. Let's the camera rest on her briefly...


               Muffins. I hate to do it, but Imma
               have to get real Black with you.
                   
               So the other day, a girl had the
               nerve to fix her mouth and ask me
               if my hair was weaved.
                   
               Weaved. Weaved bitch?




               First of all if you're going to fix
               your mouth to ask me something like
               that, say it right please? It's
               weave. Noun. Present tense. Second
               of all don't assume just because
               you see a sister with some hair
               it's a weave. Is it? Clearly. If a
               bitch could grow straight Indian
               hair directly out her own head I
               wouldn't have just overdrafted my
               account paying for this shit but
               that ain't your business. Are those
               your lips sweetie? Sweet heart is
               that really your skin? These white
               girls and these tans I swear to
               God, they're starting to look
               darker than me.

     Coco pauses it. Her mouse hovers over the check box next to
     "private." Instead she plays it back...and hits "publish."

     She clicks back through to Sam's last video and hits "reply."
     As the red light on her computer's web cam turns green...


               Dear White People. What do I think
               about it?



     Sam with arms folded watches as Gabe (Sam's caller from
     earlier) presses play on a DVD. Horrified students watch...

     ...a Black and white 1920's style silent movie, complete with
     Dialogue Cards and dramatic PIANO MUSIC.



     A) OBAMA speaks at a debate

     B) DIALOGUE CARD: "We are the change that we seek."

     C) A FAMILY in white-face go ape-shit



     E) More intercut footage of Obama speaking with actors in
        white-face reacting. Until...



     G) A WHITE-FACE CROWD goes nuts in the streets - scream into
        camera - loot buildings and shoot themselves in the head.



H) Dialogue Card: "FIN"

PROFESSOR BODKIN, late 40s, with a "seen it all before"
demeanor hides a grin and lets the room settle.


          Okay. Does anyone have any comments
          for Sam's "Rebirth of a Nation?"

All of the kids are too scared to comment. Except...


          Gabe, go ahead.


          I dig the "silent movie" thing, but
          it's a little self-congratulatory.
          Light on story and frankly
          thematically dubious.


          Okay. Anybody else?


          What?



As students filter out of the class...


          Sam?


          Before you say anything might I
          remind you that I sat through Birth
          of A Nation, Gone With The Wind,
          and Tarantino week without protest.


          And might I remind you that I read
          all fifteen pages of your
          unsolicited essay on why Gremlins
          is actually about suburban white
          fear of Black culture.


          The Gremlins are loud, talk in
          slang, are addicted to fried
          chicken and freak out when you get
          their hair wet.




               My only problem with your movie is
               that it was late. The silent
               projects were last semester Sam.
               You were supposed to have emailed
               your sound treatment over Summer.


               I've been getting footage.


               This is your senior thesis Sam,
               where the hell is your head at?


               I've got Radio, BSU, this Head of
               House thing --


               -- Do you want this? Cause if not,
               don't waste my time here --

     Sam pulls out the Super 8 camera from her satchel.


               -- Look this thing might as well be
               my right hand Professor. I was busy
               this summer that's all.


               With everything but your major?
               While your peers are taking
               internships, making short films...


               My dad. He's sick. Had to go home.


               If you need some time off, take it.
               But if you want to make it to next
               semester --


               -- I do --


               -- Pull it together. This is
               Manchester.

     Sam wants this. It's in her eyes as she holds her tongue.



     Sam exits the theater and spots Gabe talking to some guys.




          Thematically dubious?


          Well what was that supposed to be
          about exactly?


          You're thematically dubious!

Gabe rolls his eyes and catches up with her.


          Since when do TA's give critiques?


          You invoke Minstrelsy for shock
          value, but to what end?


          To invoke the same feeling I get
          when I turn on the TV and see some
          so-called reality star shuck and
          jive for ratings egged on by no
          doubt white producers. Or the sassy
          Black secretary with no backstory
          or character development aside from
          their skin color.


          So it's a tit for tat?                      *




          You're honestly saying that art             *
          can't be reactionary?                       *


          You're reacting to a work made              *
          almost a hundred years ago.                 *


          Yes because fear of Black men being         *
          involved in the United States               *
          Government is a completely                  *
          antiquated concept. No social               *
          relevance whatsoever today.                 *


          Frankly I just think sometimes its          *
          better to hold a mirror up to your          *
          audience than to drop an                    *
          ideological piano over their head.          *




               Frankly I just think works that                        *
               deal with the African Diaspora                         *
               through a post-modern lens are                         *
               outright rejected unless they're                       *
               handled by a white artist.                             *


               African Diaspora? Really?                              *




     The war rages as the two continue up a fleet of stairs.


               Blackface is alive and well in our
               culture. Who primarily buys hip
               hop? Watches Housewives of Atlanta?
               The same homogenized images of
               Black people over and over again?
               White people Gabe.


               Who goes to see Tyler Perry movies?


               We're an underfed community. None
               of this changes the fact that the
               vibrancy, the complexity of Black
               culture has been distilled into
               commodities and marketing schemes
               to be bought and sold--


               --to the detriment of the so called
               "real thing." Got it.

     And into a room...



     Gabe slams the door.


               I am indistinguishable from the so
               called "urban" images used to amuse
               and market to white America.


               And the commodification of culture
               is uniquely oppressive to Black
               people?



      Sam nods fervently as Gabe grabs and unbuttons her jeans.


                So when Kanye raps about Louis V
                and Rolexes and Classical Art,
                exactly what exploited pocket of
                Black America are those references
                being mined from?

      Sam can't get her shirt off fast enough.


                On your knees.

      Gabe kneels below frame as Sam closes her eyes in ecstacy.





      Sam's eyes pop open - a startled scream escapes her lips.
      She's surprised at first to see Gabe beside her in bed, the
      outside spoon. They're both naked. Her pompadour frayed.


                What? You dream in "Cosby" again?


                My hair was so straight. My sweater
                so big. I told you about that?

      Sam's phone buzzes. Gabe grabs it and sees Reggie's photo pop
      up. He swallows his envy and hands it to Sam. She doesn't
      answer. Silence as it hits her voicemail.


                Hey so...this whole "Head of House"
                thing. Congrats?


                Yeah, it's...it's.


                Weird, right? Never took you as a
                student politician...

      Reggie's photo again - New Voicemail. A regret in Sam's eyes.


                Yeah, well...

      Sam rolls out of bed. Gabe thinks twice before he asks it.




                   Sam? What are we doing?

      She badly wants to give him the answer he wants. Instead...


                   Fucking.



      Reggie stares at Sam with stars in his eyes as she
      effortlessly addresses the campus in between bits of jazz.


                   Dear White People. Please stop
                   touching my hair.



      Lionel at an ancient oak dining room table listens to the
      broadcast over his laptop. Makes studious notations...


                   Does this look like a petting zoo
                   to you?

      Lionel gets an IM: "George: Hey handsome, how's the story?"

      To which Lionel writes: "Going great sexy." Lionel deletes
      "sexy" and replaces it with ":)" before hitting send.



      Across from Lionel is Kurt flanked by his eager but self
      conscious right hand GORDON - and MITCH, swagged out varsity
      crew captain and connoisseur of all things Black culture.

      They wear "PASTICHE" gear, hunch over a glowing iPad and
      scroll through a series of student group photos in the
      Yearbook. Kurt stares off into space, turns up the GANGSTA
      RAP playing from a nearby blue tooth speaker.

      Kurt pours shots of Jack which Gordon eyes with caution.


                   Kurt it's three.


                   Y.O.L.O. my nigga!

      Everyone takes the shot.




          We don't even have our new staff
          yet. Why are we planning this?


          Everyone wants to be on our staff
          that's the easy part.


          We're going to make staff bids on
          Game Night, and the RSVP's are
          through the roof for that.


          Yeah but Halloween is our premiere
          party. The waitlist is already a
          hundred deep and it's going to take
          a lot to outdo this summer.


          Cinco de Mayo was epic.



A black and white photo of Kurt and crew dressed in Sombreros
and Mexican stereotypes at a wild pool party. The title
reads... PASTICHE PRESENTS "WETBACK"


          How about the Young Republicans?


          Too close to the Tea-Party.



Photo of Kurt and crew dressed as famous female political
conservatives - brandishing rally signs with misspellings and
cups of tea. The title reads... "PASTICHE'S TEA PARTY"


          Yo we need an East vs West hip hop
          party. Get the honeys in here.


          "The honeys?" You're from Vermont.


          Guys what's the Pastiche motto?


          "Sharpen thy sword."




          Our motto is a euphemism for
          masturbation?


          It's a reminder that satire is the
          weapon of reason. So who on campus
          is being unreasonable?


          Sounds like a reminder of how gay
          you are.


          Was that even a reasonable attempt
          at a quip Mitch?


          Hey Gordon, say reasonable again.


          Dear White People, knowing Lil'
          Wayne lyrics no longer earns you an
          Honorary Black Card. It just
          reminds me how often you say the
          word "nigga" when no one Black is
          around as is required in reciting
          said lyrics.

Kurt turns up his music and shoots Lionel a look, who plugs
headphones into his computer and looks down.


          The hell does Sam think she is?


          Like Spike Lee and Oprah had a
          pissed off baby.

Kurt shares a glance with Mitch and Gordon - they're leaning
towards the same idea.


          Could we?


          How?

Kurt turns his heat towards Lionel - has a bone to pick.


          Hey Lionel. Talked to the Dean
          today.




                We had a very enlightening
                conversation. I just want to say...
                I'm sorry about the voice message.



      Kurt and his crew cross over to Lionel's table. Kurt unzips
      his pants silently.


                Do you accept?

      Lionel removes the headphones and turns to Kurt, just as he
      starts flopping his dick around off screen. Lionel quickly
      looks in the other direction. Kurt's friends crack up.


                Please put that away.


                You got to talk to these people in
                a language they'll understand.

      Lionel shoves his headphones back on over his fro.


                Pathetic.


                    
                Wherever he ships you off to, be
                sure to pack a sense of humor with
                you, kay bro?

      Lionel drowns them out. He flips through Sam's "Ebony &amp; Ivy"
      book to a section called...


                The Paper Bag Tests.

      As Lionel reads we swish pan to...



      ...an abstract Diner set. Sam at the counter addresses us.




                The Tip Test. You hit up Jelly's
                for a snack. Your waitress mistakes
                you for someone who looks like you
                 who once ran up a thirty
                dollar bill and left a dollar tip.



WAITRESS, over it, crosses frame and glares coldly at us.

Lionel takes a seat at a booth with Sam across from him.


          You watch all the other customers
          order before you do...

Waitress huffs her way over to Lionel.


          Pastrami sandwich on rye.


          ...then proceed to wait no less
          than forty minutes for your food.

A wall-clock advances forty, before the food and check come.


          How do you tip? A...


          Forty minutes? Man she's lucky I
          leave her forty cents. You do a
          good job, maybe you'll see a tip.





          Doris was tripping, but fifteen
          percent is the least I can do.


          Or C...


          I reject the stereotype that
          African American's don't tip. I'm
          leaving her twenty, no twenty five,
          just to prove I can!



Lionel's back in reality. He ponders the scenario.




He turns the book upside down and reads the small print on
the bottom of the page. "A) ONE HUNDRED" "B) OOFTA" and his
answer "C) NOSE-JOB."




               Nose-job?



     The campus has settled into the semester as students trudge
     back and forth to class.


               Dear White People in a shocking
               reversal using the term "African
               American" is borderline racist now.



     Dean Fairbanks and PRESIDENT HERBERT FLETCHER, 50's in an
     even better suit than Fairbanks listen to the radio.
     Fairbanks eyeballs Fletcher - tension between the two.


               Turns out if you're too worried
               about Political Correctness to say
               "Black", odds are you secretly just
               want to call us niggers anyway and
               truth be told I'd rather you just
               be honest about it.


               Free speech my ass.


               Stalin quotes for two hundred?


               You're joking about this?


               I'm sorry, was I supposed to take
               "Free speech my ass" as a
               legitimate suggestion?


               This is your office's issue Walter.
               Especially after that episode with
               Kurt in the dining hall.


               Every race issue is my issue.


               It's a student issue. You are the
               Dean of students aren't you?

     The two share an old and heated glare.




          The Times has been watching us like
          a hawk. Last thing we need is some
          "race war" on newspapers across the
          country. How do you think our donor
          base will feel about that? Our fund-
          raiser is four weeks away.


          How bad is this deficit of yours?


          Worse. But let me tell you
          something. If this blows up any
          further? It's on you Walter. Racism
          is over in America. And if anyone's
          still dealing with it, it's the --
          I don't know Mexicans probably.

Troy pokes his head in. Fairbanks cuts the radio off.


          Come on in.


          President Fletcher.


          Son, call me Herb.

Fairbanks grits his teeth as Fletcher exits and Troy sits.


          President Fletcher tells me his son
          got his ass handed to him.

Troy hates this game.


          Bout time. Can't tell you how many
          instances I had to defend Armstrong
          / Parker when I was Head of House.


          Sam's out of line. Kurt's alright.


          But you're supposed to be better
          than alright. Since when do we lose
          elections Troy?


          The Housing Act passing without a
          fight didn't help.




          What have I told you about excuses?


          Pops my course load is full anyway.
          I'm head of Econ Board, I'm
          thinking about Pastiche.


          Pastiche? On Kurt Fletcher's staff?


          You know to round out the res?


          I'll be God damned if twenty years
          from now you have to end up working
          for that dumb asses son.


              
          Yes sir.


          Fletcher and I graduated a year
          apart. He barely made it through. I
          graduated Summa cum Laude. Now look
          who's President and who's Dean.


          What's the difference?


          A couple hundred grand a year.
          Understand what I'm saying? Now
          what happened between you and Sam
          to make her come after you anyway?


          Sofia. You remember Sofia? Daughter
          of the President. Psych major. "Has
          the world ahead of her Troy."


          I don't like your tone boy.


          Sorry sir.


          So you lost the House. On to the
          school presidency then.

The light in Troy's eyes dims a bit.




               It'll be good to show this campus
               is capable of electing someone like
               you as school president.


               Someone like me?



     Troy hovers over the toilet - smokes weed while the shower
     runs - exhales through his paper towel / dryer sheet
     apparatus. He jots down on a notepad and LAUGHS to himself.



     Sofia has her face to the floor - peering underneath the
     bathroom door. She can see Troy's feet. What the hell?

     Off the SQUEAK of the shower being cut Sofia jumps up.



     Troy bounds out the bathroom in his undies. Sofia on the
     couch pretends to have been watching television.


               Babe. Hat or no hat?

     Troy stands before her in his undies holding a Kangol. He
     eyes her oversized T-shirt.


               Are you wearing that?


               I don't have to be.

     Sofia yanks Troy to her by his underwear to kiss his navel.


               Hey boo...why don't we put some of
               your new found free time to good
               use? It's been a while since...


               What's with all this boo stuff?


               ...since you fucked me with your
               big Black cock.

     Troy pulls away.




               It used to turn you on when I
               talked like that. Is it me?


                   
               I love you.


               Is it Sam?


               Can we please just, get ready?


               Why? I hate my brother's friends.

     Troy thinks over his next words carefully.


               You're not going to go with me?


               You'd go without me?

     Troy tries to flash a charming shrug.


               You're my guest!

     Sofia gathers some books and heads for the door.


               You can hang out while I'm --


               -- Okay, what's with you and my
               brother? Are you in love with him?
               Is this like, some DL shit?

     Sofia storms out.


               "DL shit!?"



     Lionel walks up the darkly lit stairs of a very old building.
     He reaches a door marked "Newsroom."



     Lionel looks around the dimmed office. There is music and
     light coming from a room past all the cubicles...





     ...An office filled with computers. George and a few other
     EDITORS scream with laughter - beers and pizza in hand.

     GEORGE does a beat on his desk while...


               I keeps it clean
               Ya know what I mean.
               I drinks my Vodka straight,
               like I'm a fiend.

     ANNIE, a strawberry blonde laughs in George's lap. Lionel's
     envy shows.


               Wait, quiet I want to hear this.

     Annie turns up a Youtube video of...


               If I could grow straight Indian
               hair out my head --


               Ohmigod, this is going on Facebook.

     Annie swivels in her chair only to SCREAM BLOODY MURDER at
     the sight of Lionel.


               Relax the Negro at the door is not
               here to rape you.

     Annie laughs. The mood is drunk and light.


               So this is what editors do?


               We're taking a break, what are you
               doing here?


               You wanted me to drop in and tell
               you how the story was coming?


               Yeah like this week. It's Saturday
               night. You got nowhere else to be?


               It was this or the new Madea movie.




                   Dear God. Where does Madea go this
                   time? Dialysis?



      Sam, flanked by Reggie and the BoFros are in mid rant.


                   Man fuck Tyler Perry.


                   Like, can we have a movie with, you
                   know characters in them? `Stead of
                   stereotypes wrapped in Christian
                   dogma?


                   Why is every educated person
                   inherently evil? Why this Nigga
                   gotta be in a mutha fucking dress
                   all the mutha fucking time?


                   How come the only Black movies
                   Hollywood wants to make are ones
                   with mammies in fat suits or Black
                   women in pain man?

      All of this is directed at a TEENAGER in the box office.


                   Most people are here to see Fang 9.
                       
                   Kelly Rowland's in it?

      The group throw up their hands and groan in protest.



      Game Night and Kurt's house is filled with smoke, music, and
      rich kids who play cards at various tables.

      Coco, in a banging jumpsuit scans the room for prospects. A
      few eyes from the WHITE BOYS start to flicker her way. This
      perks her up, as she arches her back slightly...

      ...only to see their eyes follow the WHITE BRUNETTE HIPSTER
      GIRL who has entered behind her.

      Coco catches herself in the mirror. What don't they see?





     Troy deals cards at a table - the game is Texas Hold Em. Troy
     holds court - much to Kurt's chagrin. The mood is playful.
     There's a brief eye contact between Troy and Coco.



     A huge "Boycott Sal's Pizzeria" poster hangs on the walls of
     Sam's chic dorm surrounded by other street art. The BoFros
     and a few cool residents of Armstrong / Parker hang about.

     Underground hip hop permeates the room. Sam refuses a joint
     coldly from Reggie - her eyes fixed on "SCHOOL DAZE" which
     plays on her 36' flatscreen.


               How `bout you stop stereotyping
               yourself and put that shit out?
               This ain't "Friday."


               Yo Sam. We got to talk about the
               protest. When are we are bringing
               the Housing fight to the prez?

     Sungmi takes a seat next to Sam. Some kids hop up and start
     grooving it out when a new song pops up on the playlist.


               The House voted down sponsoring the
               rally.


               What do we need it sponsored for?


               Demonstrations can get shut down if
               a House doesn't sponsor them.


               Like the House you're head of?

     Sam shoots Reggie a glare. He backs off.


               Hey Sam, I read "Ebony and Ivy."
               What's with the Oofta, Nose-Jobs,
               One Hundred stuff? I miss
               something?

     Sam smiles.


               You want me to break it down?





      Troy deals another hand with Kurt, Mitch and Gordon. Troy's
      homeboy swag is thicker than usual.


                Yo my perfect Friday night is
                whiskey and my T-Bone Walker
                records, real talk.


                Who the fuck is T-Bone Walker?




                Only a few ways colored folks
                survive at a place like this.


                Uh only a pioneer of electric and
                jump blues bro. Know your roots.


                White folks always be on stuff like
                decades too late and act like they
                discovered some shit.


                "Oofta" is the jazz age term for
                Bojangle types who Blacked it up
                for White audiences.


                Don't sleep on T-Bone man.


                Rock, Jazz, Blues - Nigga whatchu
                got on right now?


                Public Enemy my Nig--


                --Yo watch that man.


                You just called him --


                -- Ya'll get Country Clubs we get
                to say Nigga.

      Everyone at the table erupts in laughter. Except Kurt.




          And golf? And all our girls?


          Whatchu mean all your girls?


          Dude, between OJ, Tiger, Wesley
          Snipes and uh, Troy over here...


          Yo. It's a word for that.
          Reparations.

More Kurt-less laughter from the table.


          Forty white bitches and a mule.

Perfectly executed. Troy grins as the table erupts.


          An Oofta modulates his Blackness up
          or down depending on the crowd and
          what he wants from them.


          Kurt?


          What?


          Kurt.

Troy watches this exchange closely.


          Troy. You thinking about Pastiche?


          That's the magazine right?


          For starters.


          What other "magazine" you know has
          a first look deal at NBC? The third
          biggest Youtube channel. Talk show.
          Platinum comedy record homie!




                Couldn't you see him on the talk
                show Kurt?

      Kurt looks at his cards.


                I fold.



      A small crowd's formed around Sam.


                Okay, and a nose-job is a wannabe?



      Coco finishes her drink and catches Mitch and Gordon as they
      start up a Youtube video on their iPad. The previous game is
      over. They watch "Dear White People - 1,378,480 views."




                Sort of. Nose-jobs smooth their
                Black edges and try to blend.

      Coco runs her fingers through her straight hair.


                You seen this one?


                Dear White People using Instagram.
                You have an iPhone and go on hikes.
                I get it.


                Ugh.

      Gordon and Mitch turn and notice Coco. Mitch eyes her curves.


                Not a fan?

      Coco makes a "no" face.


                Sup ma?


                Don't talk like that.




          Hey I know you...

Coco is taken aback as Gordon punches up her video and plays
it back. She hovers over them.


          Muffins. I hate to do it, but Imma
          have to get real Black with you.

Coco a bit embarrassed scans the view count.


          A Nose-job's worst fear is that
          their "Blackness" might cause a
          fuss or draw undue attention so
          they apologize for it or use it to
          self deprecate.


          Forty thousand views already?


          Looks like someone submitted you to
          Buzzfeed. Taking off...

Coco leans over them and scrolls down. The first comment is
from a HELMUT: "Much better..." Coco soaks this in.


          You wan' a drink a sun'in?


          Let me guess you're from Ohio?


          Vermont.


          What do you have against Dear White
          People?

Coco smiles and slyly clicks to her next video.


          Dear White People. How do I feel
          about it? Well for one it's Blacker
          than thou propaganda from a bougie
          Lisa Bonet wannabe who smells like
          patchouli and frankly I can't
          believe we're letting Sam get away
          with it.



     Mitch and Gordon's mouths are ajar. Coco studies the view
     count...26,758. A pride strikes Coco.



     As the impromptu party dies down...


               Okay and One Hundred?


               Keeping it One-Hundred! Being Black
               as hell just cause.

     Sam rolls her eyes.


               But what about just being you?


               Like I said...



     Lionel's got the eyes of the Bullpen on him. Annie's really
     warmed to him - her hands play with his afro.


               You don't mind do you?


               There's only a few ways a person of
               a color can survive at a place like
               this...


               Of course not.


               Alright so then what?


               So then Sam says "What, is your
               daddy scared the Negroes are gonna
               start a rebellion on the
               plantation?"

     George goes CRAZY at this.


               To Kurt Fletcher!?


               Yeah. Yes. Yup.




               We've got a news item but there's
               something bigger here. It's a
               profile piece on Armstrong / Parker
               and Sam White's pseudo revolution.


               What's the headline?


               Outdated nationalist seeks purpose
               starts race war?

     Lionel's joke hits, but he feels gross for saying it.

     The image of Sam shaking her head in the dinner FLASHES
     before Lionel briefly.


               Beers in the corner. Bang out the
               news item tonight and we'll work on
               the profile piece for next week.

     Lionel grabs a beer and takes a seat at one of the open
     computers. George starts up a beat on his desk as he and
     Annie stare at Lionel expectantly.


               What are you doing?


               All Bugle staffer must freestyle.
               It's law.


               You want to be a staffer right?


                   
               My name is Lionel
               Kind of like a lion
               King of the jungle
               Indigenous to Africa...

     The beat has long since stopped.


               Sorry.



     Troy heads into the kitchen just as Kurt heads out.




          Yo man, you know I wasn't talking
          about Sof back there with whole
          forty bitches thing. I was just --


          -- trying to get on my staff?


          I never really thought about --


          -- Bullshit. Game Night is where we
          make our bids for the new staff.
          It's why everyone's here. You were
          practically about to bust out a tap
          dance.


          I'm a Poly Sci major man. I just
          came to hang out.


          My staff likes you. A lot.


          But you don't.


          This thing with you and Sof...


          I'm good to her.


          Our dad's have been playing a game
          of chess off and on since 1972.


          What and Sof is the White queen?


          You're a pawn. And I think it's
          time you get off the board bro.

Troy takes this in.


          Here's the deal. Every year we
          throw a party. The point is to mock
          the self important and moronic
          entities of the campus. The way to
          get staffed is to write an invite
          for the party.




                Our invites are legendary, we make
                Gawker, the Post, tons of blogs
                every year. If your invite is the
                one that goes out, you're
                guaranteed a spot on the staff. The
                runners up are voted on by the rest
                of us.

      Troy catches eyes with Coco who gives him a seductive glance.



      Coco turns back to her now enamored crowd. She's in her
      element with these boys at her feet.


                I just think having good hair and
                carrying on with a degree of
                sophistication doesn't make me a
                traitor to the race.


                Want to know why they used to call
                me Black Mitch?




      Absolutely not.                 No one called you that.



      Just as Gordon, Mitch and Coco approach...


                Okay. And what's this year's theme?

      Kurt rolls his eyes instinctively.


                Still working on that...


                The party's a couple weeks away.


                Yo Kurt. I want you to meet
                someone.


                You guys got a party coming up?

      Coco smiles at Kurt, before flicking her eyes over Troy.





     Sungmi is one of the last to clear out of Sam's apartment as
     the party winds down.


               Hey, about the rally. You could
               still get the permit anyway Sam and
               go against the board. Most people
               consider that political suicide
               though.


               We got to rally Sam. Time is now.


               Use your head Reggie. You think a
               rally is going to change things?


               It'll do a hell of a lot more than
               a radio show or views on Youtube.

     Everyone gets quiet. Sungmi takes this time to exit.


               Look, we got power Sam and it's
               time we used it. We earned it.


               We? I didn't see you running for
               shit Reggie.

     The Bofros trade looks as Reggie storms out. Sam waits a beat
     and rolls her eyes.



     Sam walks after Reggie.


               Tired.


               Don't "one word" me.


               Why you got to snap at me all the
               time? I'm around you like twenty
               four seven. Like your lap dog. I
               don't even usually get down like
               that with no red bone chicks man.




               Don't call me that.


               Come on, I thought your ass was
               Puerto Rican when I met you.

     Sam turns to go.


               Oh so you can dish it out but you
               can't take it?


               I'm taking my ass home.


               Come on Sam. You know how I feel
               about you.


               How am I supposed to know how you
               feel about me?


               You know what? Forgive me if I see
               something in you. Something
               inspiring. Something folks like me
               can get behind.

     Reggie puts his hands on Sam's belt and pulls her in to a
     kiss as a group walks by. Over Reggie's shoulder Sam sees...

     ...Gabe look back at her. He's heartbroken. She pretends not
     to be affected and sinks into a kiss from Reggie.


               Tell me you'll set up the rally.


               I'll set up the rally.



     Kurt, Gordon, Mitch, Coco and Troy all trade glances.


               Are we sure about this?


               It's ironic. Bold. And don't tell
               me I'm the only one who thinks Sam
               White's little movement needs to
               get cut down to size.



Agreement Coco's gaze. Uncertainty in Troy's.


          Looks like you got your Hip Hop
          party Mitch.


          `Bout time. It's going to be huge
          man, fucking epic.

Kurt holds back a smile.


          Boys, we've got a lot more mingling
          to do. We'll be in touch. And Troy?
          Get off the board bro.

Troy chews on this as Kurt leads his group out. Troy smiles,
goes to exit.


          Nice seeing you.


          Where's Sofia?


          I have no idea.


          Trouble in paradise?

Troy shrugs and heads to the party.


          Figures.
              (off Troy's
               incredulousness)
          Nothing. I'm sure you've got
          something else fair and petite
          and...fair lined up for that drink.


          What's that supposed to mean?


          It's fine. I'm not even really into
          Black dudes anyway.


          I'll have you know I'm an equal
          opportunity employer, okay?




               And what kind of jobs are you
               hiring for mister?

     Coco's stiletto rubs the side of Troy's calf.


               Aren't you and Sofia --


               -- I'm an accessory to Sofia. Can't
               ever shake the feeling I'm an
               assignment for that Afro Studies
               Minor of hers.

     Troy nervously glances out at the crowd and then back towards
     this dangerous and tempting creature before him.


               I'm sure you have no idea what I
               mean.



     Lionel and George walk through the campus at night. George
     waves goodbye to Annie as they pass Bechet House.


               She seems really cool.

     George just smiles.


               Did we go too far? You're in
               Armstrong/Parker right?


               No. Garmin.


               Fancy.


               George I'm not exactly down with
               Sam and I'm not in the BSU. I got
               kicked out of Armstrong / Parker
               same as Kurt. But I'm going to
               write a good story, okay?


               I hope so. I want a Bugle on your
               chest by the end of the month.

     Lionel fights a smile as his heart beats through his chest.



     They reach the front of Lionel's house. George runs his hand
     through Lionel's hair. Mitch, smoking on the porch with some
     other kids - trade glances.


               Your fro's so gnarly.


               I'm growing it out.


               Night Lionel.

     Lionel heads up his stoop - past the snickers and glares of
     Mitch and company.


               Party's not over.


               I live here.


               Sorry bro. Invitation only.


               It's two in the morning.

     Mitch shrugs as humiliation floods over Lionel.

     Lionel sighs and slumps on the steps outside the door. He
     scrolls through his phone for a contact...OFFICE OF THE DEAN.
     Starts an email.



     Troy's Kangol sits in the ground, besides his undies, and
     besides a bright pink thong.

     Coco's pink painted finger nails travel through the creases
     of Troy's immaculate abs.


               Coco huh?


               Colandrea doesn't exactly pass the
               resume test, you know? I mean
               couldn't you fucking die? My
               parents should've just named me
               Ghetto-ass-hoodrat-anisha. Do
               you...indulge?

     Coco fiddles in her purse - pulls out a joint.




          It's ten am.

Coco lights it and takes a drag. She hands it to Troy.


          I don't mess with that stuff.

Coco sees right through him as Troy hits it like a pro.


          Sure about that?


          Sure you don't like Black guys?


          Girl like me is just a placeholder
          for ya'll at a place like this.


          I'm not like that.


          I don't think Sam would agree.


          That was different.


          No it wasn't. Poor thing, she was
          light skin-ded and everything.


          Yo, it wasn't like that alright?

Troy's tone sobers Coco a bit. She places a hand on Troy's.


          My pops. He wanted me with
          Fletcher's daughter. They've been
          in competition ever since they went
          here. Pops hates that Fletcher
          ended up President and he got stuck
          as the Dean.


          So your upbringing may have
          actually fucked you up more than
          mine? That's hot.

Troy laughs and takes the joint back.




               The hell is the difference between
               a Dean and a President anyway?


               Apparently four hundred years of
               unreconciled oppression.


               He's not going to like you running
               with the Pastiche boys is he?


               If I even get tapped.


               You will. And you should do it.
               They all land somewhere big, some
               before they even graduate. I've
               seen you in front of a crowd Troy.
               I bet you could be famous.


               That what you want? To be famous?


               I want people to know my name.


               Which one?

     Coco's phone buzzes with a message. It's Kurt.


                   
               We want you. Come by Ellington
               tomorrow at eight.
                   
               Anything?

     Troy checks his phone. Nothing. A decision weighs in Troy's
     eyes as Coco throws on a shirt and gets up to go.


               You're going to have to stand up to
               him sooner or later Troy.



     Troy and Sofia stand still amidst the bustle. Devastation
     marks her pretty face.


               You said you loved me.




                 I like you a lot.

      Salt meet wound. She wants to go, but something nags at her.


                 What do you do in the bathroom?
                 When you leave the shower running?
                 Was it just to get away from me?

      Troy wagers his answer and decides to confess.


                 I smoke weed and write jokes.

      Puzzled by the man before her and too hurt for more, Sofia
      just turns and walks away. Troy watches her go just as...

      ...Lionel passes by. The two share an awkward glance before
      Troy turns to enter the house.



      Lionel shyly trudges down the hall of Armstrong / Parker. He
      turns to see Troy behind him. The two avoid the other's gaze.

      As they both head up the stairs, Troy notes it strange that
      they're headed in the same direction.



      Lionel heads to a door at the end of the hallway and opens it
      with a key. Troy's already at the door when he looks up and
      realizes Lionel's just entered his apartment.




                 The hell are you doing?


                 This is my apartment.


                 The hell it is.


                 The Dean said it was the only
                 opening.


                 Head of House doesn't share.




               But you're not Head of House.

     Still stings. Troy heads into his room and closes the door
     leaving Lionel alone in the living room.



     Lionel sits alone in front of another bowl of soup. Eyes the
     different cliques of mostly Black students. Dreads walks past
     and shoots a head nod. Lionel uncomfortably shoots one back.


               Stay Black, my brother.


               Sure thing?

     Lionel watches as Kurt and Troy walk together towards the
     entrance - suddenly chums. Troy's getting good news and
     gladly shakes Kurt's hand.


               Need your submission by Thursday.


               You got it bro.

     The two try and enter, when immediately Dreads slams a GONG
     in the back of the hall - prompting the whole of the dining
     hall to turn and throw paper balls at Kurt.


               The fuck?

     Sam grins from a table comprised of Martin, Sungmi and her
     other support staff. Martin is visibly annoyed.


               Yo!

     Troy takes some of the brunt of this and walks with the
     humiliated Kurt back out of the Dining Hall.

     Lionel watches with a smirk as Troy talks Kurt down on the
     other side of the entrance. Lionel catches eyes with Sam
     briefly who shares the same smirk.

     He realizes Sam's actually looking at Reggie, perched behind
     him at a table flanked by Curls and Dreads. They address him.


               Finally made it in.




          Been moved around a lot right?


          You must have been terrified when
          you saw "Armstrong/Parker" written
          on your moving assignment.


          I was just finishing up.


          Do Black people scare you?


                
          No.


          You're too scared to even ask
          anyone for a cut.


          I'm growing it out.


          No. I'm growing it out. You're
          fostering an ecosystem.


          How come you don't come to BSU?


          I listen to Mumford and Sons and
          watch Robert Altman movies. You
          honestly think I'm Black enough for
          the union?


          Yo, I love Robert Altman. Mutha
          fucka goes in.


              
          We're not all homophobes you know.
          Black folks?

Lionel's eyes dart around. How did she know?


          I'm bumping Frank Ocean right now.
          I don't give a fuck. Imma still eat
          at Chik Fil A though. Them nuggets
          good as hell.




          I'm late for class.


          You're the "Black voice" of the
          Bugle now. We're just trying to
          decide if you are friend or foe.

Reggie pulls a folded copy of the Bugle from under his arm.
Sam's on the front page with the headline "WHITE STUDENTS



          We got to protect our girl.

Reggie motions over to a stressed out Sam as she argues over
something with Martin at another table.


          I'm not on staff. Not until I make
          good on my assignment, I'm just --


          -- Assignment? What's the story?


          They want me to do a profile piece
          on Black culture at Manchester.


          Of which you are so clearly an
          expert.

Shame floods Lionel's face.


          So what's harder man? Being Black
          enough for the Black kids or the
          white ones?


          Being neither.

Another GONG sounds with another shower of paper balls. This
time it's for...

...Gabe, who's stuck outside. He makes eye contact with...


          Sam! Really Sam?

She just looks away. Reggie eyes him coolly.





      Professor Bodkin watches over a small class as the students
      fill in essay questions. Sam's eyes are glued to a window...

      Outside below the Brofros pull up in an SUV. They hop out and
      start pulling out rally signs and bullhorns.

      Sam's eyes dart back to the clock as Gabe watches her watch
      the time.



      Sam bounds out of a building on her way to the parking lot.
      From behind her...


                Running late.

      Sam pauses and turns to see him.


                For your little rally?


                Forget your sign Dean?


                Do you honestly think this is in
                the spirit of Armstrong / Parker
                house?


                The role of the counter culture is
                to wake up the mainstream to --


                -- I've got furniture older than
                you. Counter culture? Is that what
                you think this is? That show of
                yours?


                What about my show?


                Your show is racist.


                Black people can't be racist.

      The Dean is rendered speechless at this statement.




                Prejudice? Yes. But not racist.
                Racism describes a system of
                disadvantage based on race. Black
                people can't be racist since they
                don't benefit from such a system.


                Do you read the school papers?


                Is the New York Times a school
                paper?


                Your antics are making press Sam
                and press like this keeps men like
                President Fletcher up at night.


                Warm milk?


                He's building a file on you.


                It's not my fault your son couldn't
                beat me in an election.


                I'm sure it was hard growing up.
                Wondering which side you fit into.
                Feeling like you have to
                overcompensate perhaps?


                If that's true, I'm not the only
                one Dean.

      Sam walks off in a half jog - Fairbank's last words resonate
      more than she'd like.

      Gabe, making his way outside just catches her exit.



      Huge canvas signs with the words "WHITES ONLY" are strewn
      about the pavement, along with bullhorns and picket signs.

      Sam takes these in while the Brofros feverishly unpack the





          There you are! We supposed to start
          at noon.


          I told you I had class.

There's a vibration in Sam's pocket. Her phone says "MOM."
She cuts it off and picks up a "white's only" sign.


          Those are going up on Gillespie.
          Good right?

Sam shrugs in the affirmative but it's too much. Reggie sees
a doubt in her eyes.


          Yo. What's that? You're not getting
          cold feet are you?


          No. I mean how long do I have to
          talk anyway?


          You're kidding right? You're sort
          of the keynote.


          Yeah but...you know I think the
          whole Malcolm X thing is your lane
          Reg. I'm just not --


          -- They came to hear you Sam. Grab
          a bullhorn. Turn it on.

Sam is struck by the command. Stuck between wanting to curse
and comply another buzz in her pocket yanks her attention to
her phone. Sam checks: "IT'S ABOUT DAD. CALL ME"

Sam turns for some privacy. She makes eye contact with Gabe
who's just happened upon the parking lot.


          What is all this?


              
          Hey. In the middle of--
          -- Okay. Okay. Okay.



      Tears well up in Sam's eyes as she shakes her head no and
      heads away from the parking lot and passed Gabe.

      When Reggie looks up and catches eyes with Sam. His tilted
      look of indignation asks her what she's doing.


                Sam?

      Sam takes in the scene and decisively turns to go. Reggie's
      heart sinks as a bewildered Gabe goes to chase after her.


                Sam!



      Reggie flanked by the BoFros bangs on Sam's door.


                Yo, what the hell Sam?



      The banging continues as Sam sits on the edge of her bed. The
      tears have dried. Gabe paces behind the bed.


                You want me to tell them to go?


                You're so tough.


                I will.


                I want you to wait until they've
                gone and then head home.


                I'm trying to be here for you.


                Can you be somewhere else for me?




                Sam! I know you're home.






                   What do you see in him?


                   The only eligible single brother on
                   campus.


                   Wow. Okay.


                   I get it. Your parents owned in
                   Harlem or something? You watched
                   "Do The Right Thing" in high school
                   and you want to prove to the world
                   you're down?


                   I want to be down? How long does it
                   take to get your hair like that?


                   Sam. We want to talk.


                   Reggie I will call you later damn!
                       
                   You don't know what you're talking
                   about. Girls like me--


                   --what? Have to pick a side? I'm
                   sick of your tragic Mulatto
                   bullshit Sam!


                   You can't say Mulatto.


                   Mulatto! Mulatto! Mulatto!




                   Window. Go out the window.


                   I'm sorry if I can't be your Nubian
                   prince on my Black horse ready to
                   take you back to fucking Zamunda!




          That's not a real African country.


          Can I please get some credit for a
          solid "Coming to America"
          reference?

Sam tries not laugh at this.


          This isn't you Sam.


          No? And who am I?


          You're this...girl...


          Perceptive.


          Who...likes to argue with me about
          every fucking thing. And I hate it
          because we both know you're smarter
          than me. Your favorite director is
          Bergman, but you tell people its
          Spike Lee. You love bebop, but
          you've got a thing for Taylor
          Swift. I know because my Mac picks
          up your Mac's library.


          And I was so careful...


          You like to use phrases from the
          thirties and wear clothes from the
          fifties and hairstyles from the
          sixties. You like to watch me when
          you think I'm sleeping. And trace
          the outlines of my face.

Sam fights any signs of this moving her. Another BANG.


          You're more "Banksy" than "Barack"
          but you've been co-opted as some
          sort of revolutionary leader or
          something? But really you're an
          anarchist. A beautiful writer,
          artist, filmmaker, shit starter.
          And beautiful, in general.



     Sam's heart beats through her chest. Her phone rings: "Mom."


               Yeah? Yeah? Yeah. It's okay. Get
               some sleep.

     Sam hangs up. A silence hangs - followed by a loud EXHALE
     from Sam as she let's go of the tension she'd been holding.


               Everything okay?


                   
               His condition's stable.


               Good. That's good Sam.

     Gabe goes to exit just as Reggie BANGS again.


               Gabe!

     Gabe opens the door to the very shocked Bofros and Reggie...


               What!?

     ...and brushes right past them. Sam gets up and stares down
     the heartbroken looks on her disciples' faces.


               I'm sorry.

     And with that she closes the door right on Reggie.



     Coco and Helmut look out over the campus from the glowing
     terrace atop the Library. They sip on coffee's.


               New videos are picking up steam.


               Told you I was good TV.


               The show I'm scouting for... It's
               called Black Face / White Place.
               It's reality. Like a "True Life."
               Each episode centers on a different
               one of "us" in a sea of "them."




               Interesting.


               Interesting? You think they want
               interesting? Dignified stories of
               triumph and survival?
                   
               They want the "authentic urban
               experience" which is basically
               network talk for bitching and weave
               snatching. I'm telling you this
               because the network is looking to
               take one of the subjects to series.
               I got one episode. One shot to find
               that subject. So if we do this...


               ...we do it all the way. I'm
               guessing Sam turned you down.


               I think so. She called me a
               Bojangling Oofta, whatever that
               means. Everything else she said
               would've been bleeped on tv.
                   
               So look, forty thousand hits on
               Youtube is good. It's not great.


               I'm about to get a whole lot more.



     Coco sits before a video camera. The room is dim.


               We don't have anyone like you on
               staff and you had a great idea. We
               brought you here to --


               -- I want to MC it. Your party.


               We're here to tell you what we
               want.


               You want me and in order to get me,
               you have to let me MC.




                And I want to do a live video blog
                from my Youtube account.






                They'd let you do that?


                They got no choice. They need me --






                -- cause without me ya'll look like
                a bunch of privileged assholes.


                We don't let people video blog our
                events...


                ...You got a week to put this thing
                together boo boo. What's it going
                to be?





      Helmut looks at Coco with a shocked gleam in his eye.


                You look surprised.


                It's just...



      Troy and Lionel both type furiously at their computers in
      their rooms. Troy on his invite - Lionel on his article. They
      each look at the other in alternate intervals.


                ...not everyone is as camera ready
                as you.





      Lionel pauses the episode of STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION on
      his TV and heads to...



      ...bar divide. Pours a bowl of cereal. He glances into Troy's
      room. He's also got Star Trek on. Could it be? Troy, feels
      Lionel's eyes on him and quickly switches it to Basketball.



      Troy types in "KURT FLETCHER" in the "To" field and "PASTICHE
      SUBMISSION" in the subject field. He hits "send" and swallows
      the lump in his throat.



      Troy gingerly enters into the Dean's office. Martin and Dean
      Fairbanks talk in hushed tones around Fairbanks' desk.


                Martin, would you share with Troy
                what you shared with me?


                The server that processes the
                voting results for House Elections
                has shut down the A.P. database.
                Saw it this morning. Apparently the
                intermediary program is on a
                refractile loop.


                I'm a Poly Sci major man.


                Sam currently has 445 votes. That's
                200 more than she had last week
                during the actual election.


                There's not even that many
                residents in Armstrong / Parker.


                She cheated. Hacked the system.



      Sam sits before a giant fireplace - twice as large as the
      Dean's. She faces President Fletcher and fights nerves.




               I wouldn't even begin to know how
               to do something like that.


               Is your little war really this
               important?

     Sam shifts gears slightly - he wants something from her.


               I understand the pressure to stand
               for something at an institution
               like this but you're barking up the
               wrong tree okay?




               Had to have been Reggie. Dude's in
               my programing class. Good. Just
               forgot to turn his program off.


               Wow.


               You're the rightful Head of House.


                   
               So great.


               Martin, let me talk to Troy for a
               bit. I appreciate this.



     Sam glares at Fletcher.


               Your advisor tells me you're
               hanging on by a thread in you
               major. Perhaps it's time to
               reprioritize.


               You're trying to frighten me, but I
               think you're the one who's scared.




               And I think you long for the days
               where Blacks were hanging from
               trees and denied actual rights.
               Then you'd actually have something
               to fight against.

     A swell of emotion behind Sam's steel eyes.


               You will be facing two hearings in
               the coming weeks that could end in
               either Probation or Suspension. One
               on the merits of your show, the
               other on your election to Head of
               House.

     Sam is truly scared by this.


               Your responsibilities to your house
               are suspended. Your show is done
               for. And another one of your
               illegal "demonstrations" will only
               make matters worse. This is a
               critical time for this school.


               You damn right it is.


               We don't have an intolerance
               problem here. Except for the one
               I'm looking at.



     Troy and his father are alone.


               You didn't tell me you and Sofia
               had a misunderstanding.


               Who did?


               Her father. She was very upset.
                   
               Troy. What sort of vision do you
               have for yourself?




               Get my degree. Then Law School and
               then --


               --And what's that got to do with
               partying with Kurt? With smoking
               weed and writing jokes?

     Panic flashes over Troy.


               Okay, so what? Is it the spotlight
               Kurt gets? You want to be on...tv
               or something? You know how many
               Black men waste their lives to get
               on TV? Be rappers and ball players?


                   
               Dad no. I want what we always
               talked about. Maybe have my own
               firm someday? Run for office. Make
               a difference. Wife. Kids. I want
               all that. I really really do.


               And the drugs? God damn it Troy I
               taught you better than this. I have
               been in academia a long time, I've
               seen a lot of things. The men who
               really run this world? You got no
               idea what they see when they see
               you. You are not going to be what
               they all think you are. You will
               not give them that satisfaction,
               you hear me?


               Yes sir.



     Sam steps out of Fletcher's office into the waiting room.
     Kurt is there. He stands and the two silently stare the other
     down as Kurt enters his father's office.

     A SECRETARY picks up a ringing phone - prompts her to exit
     the room. Sam watches her sign for a delivery outside through
     the window.

     Sam slips behind the office door - quietly pushes it open and
     listens in.




               I know about the party. You picked
               a hell of a time.


               What party --


               -- You're cancelling Kurt. End of
               story.



     Lionel walks through the empty office - slows down as he over
     hears...


               Lionel's story on the would-be
               protest outside of Gillespie is
               running tomorrow and I'm also
               having Lionel work on a profile
               piece of Armstrong/Parker like you
               suggested. Really break down what's
               going on.

     Lionel gingerly approaches the door to see George finish up a
     phone call.


               Right. It's almost like they
               recycle so much from their past -
               Music, food, fashion, and now
               turbulence.

     This leaves a bitter taste in Lionel's mouth.


               Thank you so much. Okay, take care.

     George can't fight his grin as he looks to Annie.


               Well?


               That was our Times advisor. He said
               it's stories like these that get
               editors recommendation letters.

     Lionel knocks on the door. Annie and George are startled but
     reassured when they see who it is.




          The Negro at the door didn't scare
          you this time.

Annie smiles and heads for the door.


          Lionel please. You're only
          technically Black. G, going to
          French. You want me to hold your
          seat?


          Thanks.

Annie smiles and walks out.


          You need something? Saw your e-
          mail.


          Yeah, I need someone to do the
          Donor's function on Saturday. Small
          dinner for the school's big givers.
          Administration wants a little
          coverage.


          That's Halloween night.


          Right, which is why no one else
          will take it.


          Ah. Thus the new guy.

George gathers his backpack and walks over to Lionel. Gets
close.


          On my way to class, but you can
          stay and check out last year's
          piece. You'll do fine.


          I don't know. Are there going to be
          any racially fueled outbursts at
          this thing?


          Never know right?



     It's clear Lionel wants to say something else. George too.


               Am I a good writer?


               You'll get better. And we need you
               right now.


               You're just a big recommendation
               away from landing the Times.


               God I hope so.

     Lionel looks down. He is being used. Turns to go, just as --


               Hey.

     -- George grabs Lionel unsure what he wants to say. So
     instead he just kisses him.


               I'm glad we finally got that Bugle
               on your chest.

     Lionel's all mixed up.


               There's a big party the night of
               the Donor's event. Call me after,
               maybe we can hang?


               Yeah. Sounds good.

     George heads out - leaving Lionel perplexed.



     Troy stares at his reflection in a mirror as he lifts his du-
     rag to reveal his perfectly curled finger waves. He's getting
     ready for something.

     His phone buzzes with a notification: "Message from:


     Troy nervously clicks it open. As he reads...




                 Dear White People. Are you tired of
                 your hum drum, Wonderbread
                 existence of accidental racism and
                 wishing you could sip on Henny out
                 yo crunk cup without a Bitch giving
                 you the side-eye? Course you are.



      As our subjects get ready for their evening.

      Troy goes back to combing over his finger waves, finding and
      correcting imperceptible imperfections.


                 For all those looking to unleash
                 their inner Negro from years of
                 bondage and oppression Pastiche
                 proudly presents "Dear White
                 People" our 89th annual Hallow's
                 Eve Costume Party - tonight at 10
                 Pacific Time or 5 Colored People
                 Time. Sorry for the short notice,
                 but let's keep it one hun-ed.
                 You've had us on your calendar for
                 weeks.

76A   Lionel stares into a mirror in an ill fitting suit         76A
      combing out his unwieldy fro. He flinches in pain as he
      fluffs out each section.


                 Dudes must rock FUBU, Ecko,
                 Rocawear, or Sean John. XXXL is the
                 smallest size T-Shirt you can wear,
                 preferably with a collage of Barack
                 Obama and Tupac on it. Stunner
                 Shades, chains, and Blue-Tooth
                 devices sticking out yo ears are
                 also encouraged.

76B   Coco pulls a blonde curly wig over her natural hair. She 76B
      smooths her tendrils to frame her face, almost pale with
      foundation. She begins on her eyes.


                 Ladies, we need to see huge hoop
                 earrings, long nails, and cheap
                 tight clothes.




                A proper hood rat starts fights,
                speaks loudly, and when she can't
                think of the word she's trying to
                say just makes one up, such as
                "edumicated." Feel free to fry up
                some chicken, bring Kool-Aid,
                Watermelon, 40s, Henny, and of
                course Dat Purple Drank. No bougie
                bitches allowed.

76C   Sam removes the pins and the black power Afro pic holding 76C
      up her pompadour fro hair-do, and lets it fall flat around
      her ears. She takes in her image in the mirror.


                Naturally there will be a freestyle
                rap competition so bring it, get yo
                shine on and join us for the party
                of the year! Oh and Nigga Nigga
                Nigga Nigga. Boy that felt good.



      Laughter and music from the well to do event wafts outside
      while Troy dressed in a slick Armani tux hangs by the
      entrance. He smokes on Coco's one-hitter from before.

      Lionel steps out in his ill fitted suit, a camera in hand.
      The two are surprised to see each other.


                Funny seeing you here.


                Father likes to show me off at all
                the Donor functions. The dessert
                course is usually my cue to take a
                breather while they talk shop.
                    
                The trick is to dazzle them into
                forking over their estates just
                before they kick the bucket.

      Lionel could just leave. Instead he accepts the olive branch.


                So...Picard or Kirk?


                Kirk. Wait...


                I saw you watching Star --




          -- Yo what happens in the crib
          stays in the crib. Not trying to
          get my card revoked.


          Hey, some could argue that a show
          with Whoopi Goldberg, Michael Dorn
          and Kunta Kinte himself is a pretty
          Black show.


          Yeah? That work out for you?


          No. No it did not. At least not in
          High School. I bet there's a statue
          of you at your High School.


          I was beloved. Won't lie.


          Did they know you were a trekker?


          My pops left a paint by numbers
          template for success at that High
          School. All I had to do was fill in
          the blanks. Football captain.
          Valedictorian. Prom King.

Lionel sees a sadness in Troy.


          So what? You're growing that out?


          I think it's gaining sentience.


          It's...out there.


          It's like a black hole for white
          people's fingers. They're obsessed.


          You know I cut hair. Why didn't you
          ask me?


          You're I dunno...you?



     Behind Lionel, George and Annie pass by the steps to
     Gillespie.


               Li! You ready man?


               No costumes? I got a tux for this.


               We just got out of the staff room.


               Yeah, we're going as overworked.


               Where is it?


               Garmin House. On third I think?


               Third and Basin. I know it.

     Before Lionel jets to join them.


               Yo man. If I'd gone to your High
               School, I'd have had your back.

     Lionel smiles and heads after his new friends.



     Lionel pauses before his old home - now filled with the chaos
     of a wild party. Lionel clears his throat and heads in.



     The party is dark and rambunctious. Lots of white kids in
     costume. Some as fairies or ninjas or Spiderman - but most as
     pimps and thugs. As Blaxploitation characters. As Barack
     Obama and Condi Rice. As Shaft, Ice Cube, and 2 Chainz.

     It's a lot for Lionel. Cups are handed to them filled with
     "Purple Drank." Everyone downs the stuff.



     Troy is being appreciated by an ancient COUPLE.


               ...my own firm. Maybe run for
               office. Make a difference you know?



      The couple smile. A buzz draws Troy's eyes to his phone -
      photos from "Dear White People" pop up in his news feed.



      Lionel watches as Gordon and other Pastiche crew nervously
      put up flyers and posters. They seem caught off guard. Lionel
      glances at the posters - it's Kurt with a large Afro wig
      mimicking Sam's "Missing Black Culture" flyers.


                This is kind of fucked up. Right?


                Pastiche. The world's most erudite
                boneheads. Who wants another round?
                Come on Lionel, help a brother out.


                Kitchen's this way.



      Coco enters the party - blinged out like Nicki Minaj. She's
      feeling herself as she's handed a drink.

      She's got eyes on her - for the first time like this at a
      party. But she sees the same thing Lionel saw.

      Her confidence starts to fight a shame that creeps up beneath
      her party face. She switches her iPhone to video mode...


                Hey there muffins. How do I look?
                Why are white folks so obsessed
                with being Black? And why are Black
                folks so addicted to Blonde Barbie
                doll weaves? Honeys it's a strange
                symbiosis we're here to explore...

      Coco's voice cracks as she stares into her own image on her
      iPhone. She pauses it and takes a breath.



      Lionel leads George through the dense crowd towards the
      kitchen - George pulls Lionel into a hallway and into...



      ...the bathroom and up against the door. George inhales
      Lionel's lips. Runs his fingers through Lionel's hair.




               Ouch.


               Sorry.


               It's okay. Can't wait to cut all
               this off.


               Don't you dare.

     George plunges his fingers into Lionel's fro once again.
     Pulls a touch too hard.


               I could eat you like a Hershey's.

     This sets something off in Lionel.


               I'll be right back.

     Lionel breaks George's grasp and heads out the bathroom...



     ...and back out into the party. He's trapped in a nightmare
     of caricatures and reveling students. Can't breathe.



     Lionel squeezes his way outside. Something goes off in his
     head as he starts walking away from the party.

     Just then Kurt arrives in front of the house with some
     friends. Looks at Lionel then at the house.


               What the hell?



     Lionel paces the halls. His mind churns as he passes the
     dining hall. Sam and Reggie are engaged in something intense.




               For a genius dude you're a fucking
               idiot.




                I did it, we did it for you.


                I didn't ask for it Reggie. I look
                like I betrayed this house.


                Yeah? Well you betrayed me.

     Sam gets up and storms out - brushes past Lionel.


                Sam? Can we talk?

     Sam turns back around fiercely.



     A turntable is uncovered and rolled out - as a DUDE DRESSED
     LIKE SERENA WILLIAMS starts up a MYSTIKAL record.

     The crowd starts to get live now.

     Coco continues to make her way through the party - her face
     visibly perturbed by the time she reaches the kitchen. She
     continues out back...



     ...and sits pulling out a cigarette. She sees Annie put on a
     long straight Black wig and brag to friends...


                Hey who am I? "Bitch it's weave.
                Noun. Present tense ho!"

     Right in the gut. She's playing Coco. Coco grabs her phone...



     Kurt stumbles about the party in a daze. Drunk? Folks give
     him props while he searches for and spots Gordon with the
     others. His phone rings.


                Yeah?




                Kurt, it's me. I can't do this.




                Okay, I'm fucking confused.



      Lionel sits across from Sam.


                What do you want me to do? Go over
                there and yell at them?


                Have you heard you yelling?


                This house is filled with folks
                willing to take up after a cause
                Lionel. Believe me. Never would
                have guessed you'd be one of them
                but...


                For the first time in my life, I
                can't just sit around and do
                nothing. How can you?


                If I'm caught being a part of
                anything like this...it wouldn't be
                good for me right now okay?

      Lionel gets up and walks towards the door.


                I'm done being everybody's angry
                Black chick.

      Sam looks down as Lionel gets up and heads out.

      Sam's focus shifts to her Super 8 resting by the door and
      then to a bullhorn directly across from it. Her mind ticks.



      Lionel exits and paces down the hall. He walks by the dining
      room - taken over by Reggie, the BoFros, and a mix of other
      students mostly from ARMSTRONG / PARKER.



      Lionel gingerly walks in the room. He's still an outsider
      here - but something's changed in him.




          Hey. How's it going. Hi.

No one answers him - just stay to their own conversations.
Lionel spots a familiar face...Sungmi.


          Hey...what is this?


          Black Student Union.

Lionel smiles shyly. He should've known that.

Reggie, Curls, Dreads and the Bofros hang out at the front.


          Your call then man.


              
          Alright ya'll - thanks for coming
          out tonight. Looks like Sam's not
          making it so...let's just call it.

The crowd starts to talk amongst themselves, get up and
leave. Just then Lionel stands and before he can think...


          Uh. Excuse me. Hi. I'm Lionel. Some
          of you...none of you probably know
          me. I've never been to a meeting.
          But I just came back from a party
          on campus and I think you should
          know about it.

Lionel's nerves can be heard in his voice now. He's got the
judging eyes of the room fixed silently on him. He sees an
open laptop on a desk.


          Anybody mind if I?

Reggie shifts a bit as Lionel goes to the laptop and pulls up
the party on Facebook. The crowd gathers around as Lionel
browses through the photos.


          I mean...I don't know. This is
          fucked up right?


          Alright brother. What's the plan?



     Lionel realizes the eyes aren't judging. They're mobilizing.
     Readying for action. Lionel steels himself.


               We go over there. Now.


               Think there's enough of us?


               You know you don't have a monopoly
               on being a pissed off minority.
               Latino's United is meeting across
               the hall. Asian American League
               too.
                    
               You guys got better snacks.




     Troy scrolls through an endless amount of Facebook uploads
     from the party. Forties, bad Afro wigs, fake asses.

     Shoved in between two RICH OLD WELL TO DOS at a long table
     covered in empty plates and glasses - Troy looks across to
     his father, in mid exaggerated guffaw with President
     Fletcher.


               Dad...


               Not now Troy.


               It's important. There's something
               happening on campus. I might've...


               You're being rude son.

     Dean Fairbanks turns away. Troy ponders a moment and then--


               Oh am I? How about I tell your
               precious donors and anyone here
               who'll listen about the kind of a
               school it is they're giving to?

     The Dean can feel the eyes of the Donors and the President on
     him - an outrage comes over him as he pulls Troy aside.




                I don't know who you think you are
                young man but you don't get to talk
                to your father any kind of way.


                All I say to you is yes sir and no
                sir! Look I should've brought this
                up before but --
                    
                -- listen to me!

      Dean Fairbanks tries to cover this moment with a smile.



      Kurt, still dazed, huddles with his core Pastiche group.


                What?


                Yeah dude. We all got it. I mean,
                everything's cool right?

      A noise in the other room startles them...



      ...It's Reggie who knocks over a bowl of chips. Dreads argues
      with a few people. Martin rips shades off a kid's face. The
      party swarms with BSU kids and their Latino / Asian allies.

      A SMASH yanks Kurt's attention back to the kitchen...



      ...where Lionel smashes bottles of liquor in the sink.


                Lionel?

      Kurt yanks the booze from Lionel and shoves him.


                The fuck you think you're doing
                man?

      Lionel shoves Kurt into the bar divide. A few of the BSU kids
      flood into the kitchen and hold Kurt back.


                That all you got?




                We're putting an end to this Kurt.


                Fuck you I'm calling the cops.


                Half of this crowd is under 21.

      A loud AMP sound alerts everyone to the DJ platform in the
      Living Room.



      Mitch has taken over the mic.


                Gimme that mic
                Before I slap ya
                Looking for some dykes,
                that wanna another chapta.
                If you do me slow,
                you can do me faster,
                I'll pass you to the Nigga on my
                right, he gets you after.


                Kurt--


                -- Why don't you tuck your tail
                between your legs, run and tell the
                Dean and get the fuck out.

      Lionel sinks from this attack while his posse from BSU
      watches helplessly as the party goes back into full swing.

      Lionel turns to go and spots...

      ...George who joins Annie, fresh beer in hand. But right
      behind George is...

      ...Sam, having just arrived with her camera in hand pointed
      at the rap battle. She winks at Lionel.

      Lionel turns around - summons something from deep inside.

      Lionel steps onto the DJ platform and snatches the mic out of
      one of the rapper's hands.


                Heyyyy! Hoooo! Heyyy! Hooo!



The crowd is with it - thinks it's part of the show as Lionel
proceeds to freestyle terribly...


          My name is Lionel,
          Some people call me Li.
          Lots of people think
          that I talk kinda white.
          Well that's alright.
          Yeah that's cool.
          I'd rather you think I'm white,
          than tap dance for you.

With that Lionel takes the mic and SMASHES it on the wall. He
then takes the turntable by his hands and flips it over.

Sparks fly - the amp goes crazy - the crowd is in shock.

Lionel grabs a speaker tower and slams it to the ground.
Lionel's off the platform now. Kurt grabs him - Reggie pushes
Kurt away in his defense.

Gordon grabs Reggie - A FIGHT BREAKS OUT.

More equipment is slammed to the ground and stomped on as the
party disintegrates into chaos.

Sam dodges fights to capture it all with the camera.

Art is being ripped from the walls. Dishes being smashed on
the ground. Arguments come to physical blows.

The steel in Sam's gaze fades. Replaced by...heartbreak?

And then she spots...

...Coco squeezing her way through the crowd for the door.
Sam's camera and mic stay trained on Coco.


          What? Say it. Come on.

Sam stays silent.


          This may come as a shock, but these
          people don't give a fuck about no
          Harriet muthafuckin Tubman. They
          pay millions of dollars on their
          tans, their lips, their asses, Jay-
          Z tickets, you name it, cause they
          wanna be us.




               So they got to be for a night.I'm
               not about to go out into the
               streets in protest of a Halloween
               party.

     Sam keeps her mouth shut and her camera rolling as Coco
     realizes it's herself she's trying to convince.

     Coco storms off. Sam exhales and lowers her camera. This is
     new for her. Keeping her mouth shut.



     Coco trudges down the side walk - yanks off her hair, her
     lashes, her bling - shedding the shame of the night.



     Kurt hustles Lionel out into the yard. Kurt shoves him to the
     ground.


               Dude. I know you can't help it...

     Lionel just gets back up again only to be slammed down.


               ...but why are you such a fag dude?

     Lionel spits in Kurt's face and pops right back up again. We
     see it in his eyes - he'll never give up.

     Kurt's hand is on Lionel's collar. He pushes him down again.
     Kids are all around - some from the BSU - some from Pastiche -
     some from the Bugle. Everyone holds an opposite party back.

     Lionel looks over at his audience and then into Kurt's eyes.
     Lionel leans in and kisses Kurt on the mouth long and hard.


               Finally got me where you want me.

     Kurt's in shock. He looks at his crew who laugh at him.

     Lionel sees the surprise in the eyes of his new supporters as
     well. No time to soak this in though. Kurt's let up. For a
     moment. Lionel turns back to Kurt and PUNCHES him in the
     face. The BSU kids go CRAZY in support.

     The shock gone - Kurt damn near knocks Lionel out.

     The world goes all slow motion and out of focus. Lionel sort
     of makes out that Kurt is yanked off him.



      Kids run in different directions - Flashlights fill the yard -
      One is shone directly on Lionel. CAMPUS SAFETY GUARDS and a
      couple POLICE OFFICERS surround him.



      The motor on Sam's Super 8 ticks away. The party is at a
      complete standstill.

      Troy enters and looks around in disbelief. Makes eye contact
      with Kurt who is being held by a Campus Safety Officer.

      Dean Fairbanks enters and stands in the middle of the chaos.
      Sam tip toes in for a close up and holds out a small mic.


                What is all this?





      We see the Dean looking about the party with disappointment.



92A   KURT looking bewildered outside his house after the      92A
      party. We hear BOOS from a crowd. The carnage is devastating.

      Windows are blown out - trash and destroyed furniture on the
      lawn. Ash where fires were put out.


                I didn't do this. Sam. I had
                nothing to do with this.






                What some are calling a "race war"
                has erupted at one of the nation's
                oldest and most prestigious --



92    GILLESPIE FORUM now filled with students who sit before      92
      Dean Fairbanks and President Fletcher for a Town Hall.
      Everyone wears a look of outrage.




                We don't condone this egregious
                event and are investigating its
                origins. The president and I are
                looking at ways to address issues
                of Diversity at Manchester.




      Applause breaks out amongst the crowd. But so do boos.



93    VARIOUS SPOTS AROUND CAMPUS. Students address the camera. 93


                I'm sorry but it's bullshit. Yo
                this is how we get down. If you
                can't take a joke in this day and
                age? The fact we can joke about it
                proves we've moved on you feel me?
                This is an attack on free speech!
                We're the victims here!



93A   A series of Busts have been PAINTED IN BLACK FACE outside 93A
      of Armstrong / Parker where Lionel address the camera...


                It's hard enough for us to even get
                into a school like this. Let alone
                succeed. Find our way. This is only
                a debate because of who Kurt's dad
                is, which just proves the point.
                All you did was have a radio show
                and look what happened to you.



93B   COCO as she talks directly to camera.                     93B


                I know this may come as a shock,
                but nobody gives a fuck about no
                Harriet muthafuckin Tubman...they
                wanna be us. So they got to be for
                a night.





93C   A POSTER featuring Troy rendered like the famous Shepard 93C
      Fairy Obama posters with the words "A NEW HOPE" written at
      the bottom as well as "TROY BROUSSARD FOR PRESIDENT." This
      gets some more applause from the crowd watching.


                Of course I got my dad involved. It
                was the right thing to do. I didn't
                mean for all this to happen. All
                the posters and everything.


                But you'd welcome it? A shot for
                school president.


                I think...I'd make more than few
                people happy if I ran.



93D   RADIO BOOTH - where Sam puts her headphones on. She      93D
      lingers.


                Even though I'd been expressly
                forbidden to do so, I wanted to do
                one last show. Something to sum up
                the moment. To savor in the pop of
                the post racial bubble just burst.


                Dear White People...


                I wanted to react.

      Sam takes in a thoughtful breath before...


                ...Know what? Nevermind.

      She fades in a melancholy piece of Be-Bop before hanging her
      headpones up as the title on the projected movie fades in:



      Sam stares nervously at the screen as the lights come on,
      when all at once the room BREAKS INTO APPLAUSE. Sam turns to
      see that the entire room is on it's feet including Prof
      Bodkin and Gabe.





      Dean Fairbanks loosens his tie, flanked by several SCHOOL
      OFFICIALS. They've been here for hours listening to...


                Once I heard what the group was
                planning, I sent out an email to
                the staff to cancel it. You have
                the email printed in front of you.


                Who's this?

      Kurt turns to a SUITED MAN next to him.


                My lawyer.



94B   We'll be cross cutting between several of these sessions. 94B


                So when I got the invite and saw
                everyone clicking "yes" I figured
                it was back on.


                You were hoping to make the staff?







                At what point in time did you show
                up to the event?

94C   Sam sits with arms folded.                                  94C


                Samantha. Please.


                Why am I even here?




94              Guys throw parties at the house all               94
                the time.




                We know you were planning this.


                Your son tell you that?



94D   Fairbanks stares down his son. Troy is silent and anxious.



                    
                "...wishing you could sip on Henny
                out yo crunk cup without a Bitch
                giving you the side-eye?"
                    
                You write this Troy?

      Troy looks up at his father embarrassed.


                No. Mine wasn't chosen.


                But you wanted to be?


                What I wanted didn't matter then.
                Why should it matter now? I told
                you about the party, remember?




94              The invite came from the Pastiche               94
                Facebook account.


                I loathe Facebook.

      An OFFICIAL whispers something in Fairbanks' ear.


                You've got to believe me.


                You've used that line on me before
                this year Mr. Fletcher. When a
                homophobic message mysteriously
                appeared on a voice mail line you
                shared with a roommate.






                What were your intentions when you
                went back the second time?


                To stop it.


                By any means necessary?


                Someone once told me...Manchester
                is like jazz. I don't know much
                about jazz. But from what I can
                tell, when your solo's up, you
                better blow.

      Fairbanks fights a smile.




                All I did that night was hit record
                brother.

      The Dean takes a gulp from a glass of water. He stands and
      looks out his huge windows onto the campus below.



94E   The Dean has Facebook opened on his computer. Officials    94E
      are taking a break. Drinking water. Discussing the day.

      The Dean tries a few passwords.




                Want to hear something strange?

      The Dean turns from the window.


                The Pastiche group page hadn't been
                used for months, until the invite
                went out.



94E   The Dean tries a different password. Still invalid.        94E






                Fascinating.


                Well what's interesting is how easy
                it was to access the group before
                the note was sent. The password was
                "Pa$tiche" spelled with a dollar
                sign according to Kurt. Seems
                recently it's been changed.



94E   The Dean tries one more. It works.                       94E




                Couldn't figure it out at first.
                Then I thought to try something.
                Five, seven, eight, three, five,
                twenty six, one, nine, four, six.
                Eleven numbers. Just like our
                student ID numbers. Just like your
                student ID number.


                As much as you hate him, you will
                stop at nothing to protect your
                master and his boy.


                Did you send out the invite Sam?


                That invite, whoever sent it
                should've been met with derision
                and outrage. Instead, a hundred
                people showed up and they pulled
                out posters and decorations and
                costumes they'd made for just such
                an occasion.

      Sam and Dean Fairbanks at a stalemate.

      Silence falls in the room. The Dean's mind ticks.



      A pack of EMERALD BUGLE newspapers hit the stand with the
      headline: "INVESTIGATION INCONCLUSIVE! FLETCHER GOES FREE. NO




     Next to it is another stack of papers from the INDEPENDENT
     OBSERVER. The headline reads: "EBONY &amp; IVY: CAN THERE BE


     George picks up a copy of the Observer and starts to read...



     Lionel flips through his own article as well. A satisfied
     grin on his face as a razor makes its way through his hair.


               2 Chainz? Shaft? While endless
               complex depictions of whites, white
               men in particular exist - there
               aren't that many versions of us in
               the culture.

     His locks waft towards the ground as Troy styles a fresh and
     fearless fro-hawk atop Lionel's head.


               Culture has a powerful way of
               telling people what they can and
               can't be. For people of color the
               options are rather limited.


               Next James Baldwin up in here. Wait
               hold on a sec.

     Star Trek is back from commercial break. Troy and Lionel
     watch in silence.



     Gabe is just about finished with Lionel's article too. Looks
     up just in time to see...


               Hello Sam.

     Sam sneers at his formalities.


               Read about Armstrong / Parker.


               Yeah. Prez made an executive
               withdrawal. Armstrong stays Black.


               Congrats?




              
          Getting too dramatic man. Thinking
          about getting an apartment off
          campus. We'll see.


          Sam going against the grain?
          Shocked. How's papa White?


          He's recovering.


          Good. Well...

Gabe fights the urge to hug her.


          We were actually on the phone last
          night for hours. First time we
          talked since the bypass. He was
          putting up a strong front. Teasing
          me about being so worried. Then
          came the stories about me as a
          little girl I'd heard a thousand
          times. About how independent I was.

Gabe smiles politely. Senses she needs a moment.


          Want to talk about it?


          My mother worked nights so he would
          take me to school. And it pissed me
          off because he would follow me all
          the way to homeroom. Every time he
          tried to hold my hand I'd scream
          and pull away. He thought I was
          just being...difficult.

A hint of recognition in Gabe. Is this about them?


          But it was the kids. And the
          parents and the teachers. They'd
          see this Black girl and this white
          man and wonder what we were doing
          together. Even at nine I could feel
          their eyes on me. Especially at
          nine. It brought tears to my eyes.

Gabe's stone face melts at this.




               I was just a bratty girl, didn't
               know any better but-- The thought
               of losing him-- You know? I just
               feel so bad. How awful am I to do
               that to him? To anyone I love?

     Gabe gets it. This is an explanation. An apology, to him. His
     arm is on her shoulder now.


               I'm sure he forgives you.


               Think so?

     Gabe nods. Sam's normal defenses come back up lest she cries.


               So anyway. I didn't mean to say all
               of that. I don't know why I did.


               Sam. Where are you going?


               I don't know. Lunch?

     Gabe starts to walk with her.


               Isn't it Mac and Cheese day at
               Armstrong/Parker?


               Think they'll let you in?

     Gabe smiles. They walk a bit. Then he grabs her hand. Sam
     lets the moment happen. Squeezes his back. They look into
     each others' eyes.

     Don't even notice as Reggie and the Bofros pass them by.




     Coco sits across from Helmut. He's got his eyes on a Youtube
     clip from Sam's movie featuring Coco.


               I know this may come as a shock,
               but they don't give a fuck about no
               Harriet muthafuckin Tubman...




          Two hundred thousand views. Look
          they even auto-tuned it.

With a click Helmut pulls it up.


          Muthafuckin Tubman! Muthatfuckin
          Tubman! Don't give a fuck about no
          muthafuckin Tubman!

Coco's not sure what to think.


          Couple months, that's how long
          shooting for an episode takes. We
          recommend you cut your course load
          in half to accommodate the
          schedule.


          Half?


          Trust me it it'll read "full-time"
          in the episode. If...once we go to
          series, we might have to figure out
          a summer schedule.


          For shooting?


          For uh...classes and stuff. Won't
          be graduating early anymore
          sweetheart.

Helmut shifts a contract over to Coco.


          Five grand for the episode. Twenty
          each if you get picked up for
          series. What do you say?

Coco stares at the contract and back at Helmut.


          Trust me sweetie it's the same out
          there as it is in here. Good news
          is? Against all that damn white you
          and I? We pop. Think I wanted to be
          the go-to producer for all things
          Black?



     Coco shrugs.


               Tell you what's worse though. Being
               that broke Nigga stuck on the south
               side of Chicago. Hundred and
               Fiftieth street.

     Coco takes a deep breath. Stares right into his eyes --



     Coco exits a building and spots Troy up ahead. He's flanked
     by his former enemies turned supporters, Reggie and the other
     BoFros. They all carry Troy's "New Hope" posters.


               Made some new friends?

     Troy shrugs as Coco grabs for his hand. He pulls away and
     shares a glance with Reggie, who doesn't approve.


               Fine.


               Come on Coco.


               Fuck you.

     Coco starts to walk ahead.


               My dad saw your videos. He's a
               little worried about --


               -- how it'll look. With your
               campaign and all. What's your best
               friend Reggie think?

     Troy motions for Reggie to go on ahead.


               We had fun, alright?


               I get everyone else wants you to
               win Troy. But do you?

     Troy doesn't know how to answer that. He stares at the
     triumphant, winning version of himself on his poster.



      Coco's eyes shift longingly as she walks ahead - unsure of
      who she is at the moment and who she will be in the next.

      Watching her is Lionel and Sam - sitting with Gabe and
      Sungmi. They both know that look well...


                Hey Lionel. With me out and Troy
                moving on - A/P's going to need a
                new head of house.


                Think there's a story there? Who do
                you think it'll be?

      Sam and Sungmi share a glance and stare right at Lionel.


                What? No.


                Everyone loves you. Won't be hard
                to rally the vote.


                Yeah. We got you man.

      Lionel takes in this moment. One of complete acceptance.



      Fairbanks turns from the window in Fletcher's office to join
      him at his desk. They're all ears as they look across to...


                Let me get this straight. First you
                tried to break up the Black house.
                Then you took down the sister with
                the little radio show. And after
                all that, your kid throws a
                Blackface party?


                Now wait a minute!


                You thought you were having money
                problems before? Wait till cable
                gets their hands on this story.
                Bill Maher is gon' fuck you up!


                I have heard enough --




                -- Wait I'm sorry. Look from where
                I'm sitting this place is a
                goldmine.


                What?


                For one we got to show the events
                that led up to the party --


                -- That already happened.


                Well yeah, but we can reenact --


                -- reenact?


                Documentary term...Look, I can
                start putting together an overall
                deal today. I'm talking real money!
                Turns out the one thing America
                likes in it's reality more than
                ignant Black folks, is crazy racist
                White people!


                Now you look here. This is an
                honorable institution. The idea
                that we would so much as entertain
                this suggestion --

      Fletcher holds his hand up. His turn to speak.


                How much we talking?

      Fairbanks' outrage turns to resignation as Helmut, the one
      winner here smiles. Dollar signs in his eyes.


