




                         
                         
                         
                                   Written by                       
                         
                         E. Max Frye &amp; Dan Futterman





                         
          MARK SCHULTZ  lifts a human-
          sized, leather WRESTLING DUMMY from the mat to stand in front
          of him. He performs a series of repetitive moves - hooking
          one arm under the dummy's arm, then the other; one side, then
          other. Again and again. It looks almost as if he's dancing
          gently with it.
                         
          Then, very fast, Mark spins quickly around behind the dummy,
          grabs it in a bear hug, arches his back, lifts and SLAMS it
          to the mat, landing on top.
                         
          QUICK CUTS: Mark spinning, lifting and slamming the dummy -
          first one way, then the other - first one hold, then another -
          SLAM. SLAM. SLAM. SLAM. SLAM - over and over and over again.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark pulls his beat-up car into a space in the parking lot of
          this nondescript, 1960s-era suburban brick-facade school.
          He's freshly showered, wears a short-sleeve dress shirt, clip-
          on tie, slacks. He reaches behind the front seat and pulls
          out a battered BROWN VINYL BRIEFCASE.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark waits alone in a chair he's much too big for, his brown
          vinyl briefcase on his lap. A portrait of President Reagan
          hangs on the painted cinder block wall. A clock ticks.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark's on stage. An audience of 4th, 5th and 6th graders.
                         

           Why do I do it? Why do I push
           myself to my limits - of pain, of
           exhaustion - every day of my life?
           Why do I wake up every morning and
           make the commitment? Why do I do
           it?

                         
                         
          The students are open-mouthed - they have no idea what to
          make of him. Mark's not being willfully over-the-top with
          these kids. This is just what's on his mind. All the time.
                         

           In 13 months - if I train right, if
           I push myself - I'll be going to
           Seoul - that's a city in South
           Korea. Does anyone know why?
           Because that's where the Olympic
           games are.
                         
          Mark reaches into the briefcase at his feet and pulls out a
          RIBBON with a MEDAL dangling from it.
                         

           Does anyone know what this is?
                         
          As a couple of kids start to raise their hands --
                         

           Olympic gold medal. I won it three
           years ago at the `84 Games in Los
           Angeles. My brother, Dave Schultz -
           my best friend, my older brother,
           my best friend - won one too, just
           23 hours and 16 minutes before I
           did. That's unprecedented - two
           brothers winning at the same
           Olympics.

           Would you like me to win another
           one? Would you like me to win
           another gold medal - for us, for
           America? Would you like to see me
           and my big brother - Dave Schultz -
           both win gold medals? Who here
           wants to see the two brothers win
           again?
                         
          Silence. A couple of the kids tentatively raise their hands.
          The rest are completely frozen.
                         

           Well we're going to give it
           absolutely everything we've got.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A SCHOOL SECRETARY writes out a check as Mark stands in front
          of the desk, placing his medal back in his briefcase.

                         
                         

           Twenty... and... no one-hundreds...
                         
          She tears off the check and hands it to Mark. He takes the
          check, holds out to her a SIGNED 8x10 PHOTO of himself with
          his arms raised, in a USA WRESTLING SINGLET just after
          winning his Olympic gold.
                         

           And this is for the trophy case.
                         

           I'm sorry?... For what?
                         

           For the trophy case.

           With the trophies.
                         

           It's an elementary school.
                         
          As Mark holds out the photo, WE HEAR:
                         

           Can I take your order?
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A long-haired, greasy KID with the very beginnings of a
          mustache takes Mark's order. Mark looks up at the menu sign.
                         

           I'll have a # 4.
                         

           # 4. Anything to drink?
                         

           No. Can I get extra meat on that?
                         

           65 cents.
                         

           What are you talking about?
                         

           Extra meat costs extra.

                         
                         

           Where's it say that?
                         

           I don't know. I just know I'm
           supposed to charge extra for extra
           meat.
                         

           I always get extra meat. Every time
           I come here.
                         

           It's extra for extra meat. They
           told me. 65 cents.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark sits in his car, eating his sandwich - no enjoyment,
          just fueling himself. His RADIO plays a commercial.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          DAVE SCHULTZ (31, bearded, intelligent, 163 lbs., strong,
          fierce, but calm), Head Coach of U of W wrestling, stands on
          the wrestling mat speaking VERY QUIETLY with 3 or 4 select
          WRESTLERS from the team. We can't quite hear what Dave is
          saying to them, but we can sense immediately the reverence
          and deep respect they have for Dave - one of the country's
          top wrestlers and great coaches.
                         
          The scene gives off the feeling one might have watching a
          horse whisperer with a small group of stallions. Whatever
          he's saying, they are calmed by him, pay absolute attention,
          will do whatever he asks.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A cheaply built 70s-era structure, where Mark inhabits two
          small rooms with a cheap kitchenette built into the wall of
          one of them. A particle-board BOOKCASE houses a little SHRINE
          of Mark's medals - and PHOTOS of him and Dave.
                         
          Mark retrieves his briefcase from inside the garbage bag and
          extracts his GOLD MEDAL.

                         
                         
          He replaces it in the PLASTIC DISPLAY CASE on the top shelf,
          next to the photo of him and Dave smiling with their gold
          medals around their necks.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark dumps a package of TOP RAMEN NOODLES into boiling water.
          And another package. And another.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark sits on his one metal FOLDING CHAIR, at his table,
          eating his bowl of noodles. Moths tap against the window.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark, in just boxer shorts, crosses off another day on his
          wall calendar. 427 days to Seoul. He looks around, then drops
          to the floor and starts a monstrous number of push-ups.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark runs hard past warehouses and auto repair outlets.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark runs through knee-high weeds dragging a CAR TIRE
          attached to a rope behind him. He reaches a hill and heads
          straight up, dragging the tire all the way -
                         

           Coach Teller? This is Mark Schultz--
                         


                         
                         

                         
          An ink-stained directory of Wisconsin Public Schools lies
          open on the kitchen table.
                         

           I won a freestyle wrestling gold
           medal at the `84 Olympics.
                         
          Mark, the phone tucked against his shoulder, slips a BLANK
          TAPE into a cheap VCR. He slides a HAND-LABELED TAPE into a
          second VCR, wired to the first. We can read the label: "THE
          MARK SCHULTZ WRESTLING CLINIC." He starts making a copy.
                         

           I'm arranging a clinic in your area
           next weekend, and I wanted to
           invite you and some of your
           wrestlers to join...
                         

                         

           That's Dave, my brother. I wrestle
           at 180... No, he won't be there,
           just me... Okay - well, good luck
           with your season, coach.
                         

                         
          On the screen is a montage of highlights from Mark's career:
          take downs, pins. He's an animal - powerful, aggressive.
                         

           Yes, there's a small fee.
                         

                         


                         

                         
          On the screen, Mark wrestles Resit Karabajak, a Turkish
          wrestler, in his first round match at the `84 Olympics.
                         

           A unique, character-building
           opportunity for young wrestlers....
           Yes, a small fee...
                         
          Mark throws Karabajak to the mat. Pins him. Walks away, arms
          raised. Crowd cheers. Karabajak's on the mat, hurt.

                         
                         

           Dave's my brother...
                         
          On screen, Mark does a back flip.
                         

                         

           Olympic Champion...
                         
          Mark does a back flip.
                         

           Dave's my brother...
                         

                         
          Mark's holds the phone on his lap, just watching himself on
          the screen, wrestling... winning... match after match...
                         
                         

                         
          Mark's outside at the second floor railing of this two-story
          stucco building, looking out over the bleak landscape: a 7-
          11, an Auto-Zone. He eats a hard-boiled egg. He watches a CAR
          pull into the lot below. Dave gets out, looks up.
                         

           Where were you today?
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave fills two mismatched glasses with tap water from the
          faucet.
                         

           How far'd you run? Ten?
                         
          Mark's on the tattered couch. He shrugs, though we should see
          that he loves the fact that Dave is concerned about him.
                         

           More than ten? Dragging weight the
           whole way?
           
           You're a sick fuck, you know that?
                         
          Dave turns to look at Mark, sitting in the bare living room.

                         
                         

           Place is looking good, by the way.
           I like what you've done with it.
                         
          Dave notices the Public Schools Directory on the table.
                         

           You setting up clinics?
                         

           Talked to some coaches.
                         
          Dave comes toward Mark, handing off a water glass, dragging
          the folding chair over to sit across from him.
                         

           I hope you don't have anything
           booked for Saturday.
                         

           Why?
                         

           I need a favor. This school called
           me months ago to do a gig but now I
           can't. Nancy's got a thing all day
           so I gotta watch the kids. You
           free?
                         

           I'll check.
                         
          He goes into the bedroom, looks at the calendar. There's
          NOTHING WRITTEN DOWN for any of the days.
                         

           You said Saturday or Sunday?
                         

           Saturday.
                         

           Saturday could work.
                         
          He comes back in.
                         

           Good. Thank you.
                         
          Dave looks at the BACK OF HIS HAND, where he's written down a
          name and phone number in MARKER. He grabs one of Mark's VHS
          labels and a pen and writes the information.

                         
                         

           Coach Vinson, Radnor High. I'll let
           him know you'll call tomorrow.
                         
          He peels off the label and slaps it on Mark's leg.
                         

           And Mark. Please come back to the
           gym. You don't have to do anything
           with the team. Just train with me.
                         
          Mark's just looking at his older brother.
                         

           I need you there. Stay focused on
           what's important. For both of us.
           Seoul's the goal.
                         
          Beat. Beat. Then, Mark nods at his brother.
                         

           Seoul's the goal.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Seven HIGH SCHOOL BOYS plus a couple of PRE-TEENS, all in
          wrestling gear, sit on the mat in front of Mark. He seems
          manic, evangelical, not tuned into his audience.
                         

           The minute you step on the mat, you
           are exactly who you are. You can't
           hide. You can't pretend you trained
           harder than you did, you want it
           more than you do. My brother Dave
           and me care about this more than we
           care about anything. The difference
           between the number one guy in the
           world and the number four guy is
           paper thin. The one who wins is the
           one who wants it more, who's
           willing to sacrifice, who can take
           the pain. I can take the pain. My
           brother Dave can take the pain. Can
           you take the pain?
                         
          Blank looks from the teenage wrestlers. Mark gestures to a
          table set up near the door, on which is his OPEN BRIEFCASE,
          with a stack of TAPES.

                         
                         

           I talk about all this in my
           instructional videotape - which you
           can purchase at the end of the day
           for a nominal fee.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark exits the locker room in his wrestling gear, heading for
          the MATS.
                         
          Dave's in his wrestling gear, on the far side of the gym,
          talking with TWO MIDDLE-AGED MEN in blazers with USA
          WRESTLING INSIGNIA. Mark walks onto the mat, waits for him.
                         
          Dave and the two men see Mark, WAVE to him - but Mark
          pretends not to notice, busies himself loosening his wrists,
          hands, neck. Dave walks over to him.
                         

           You remember Fred Cole from USA
           Wrestling.
                         
          The men walk up behind Dave.
                         

           Hey there, Mark, how you been?
                         
          Mark sort of nods, but doesn't really respond.
                         

           
           All right, Dave. Let us know if we
           can count on you. We'll talk soon.
                         
          Dave nods. They walk away. Then Dave turns back to Mark.
                         

           You been calling me and hanging up?
                         

           
           No. What do you mean?
                         
          Mark doesn't answer, just stands looking at him. For several
          seconds, they look at each other. Then, slowly at first:
                         
          They start to circle each other. We sense immediately their
          differences: Dave's hunched and not very muscular physique
          belies his quickness and enormous strength.

                         
                         
          Mark's defining characteristic is brute force. A weight class
          heavier than Dave, he can NEVER SEEM TO BEAT HIS OLDER

                         
          The wrestling becomes intense and violent - Mark's head slams
          into Dave's nose, drawing BLOOD. This only energizes Dave,
          who slams Mark to the mat - dripping blood onto him.
                         
          VARIOUS SHOTS of the increasingly brutal match, ending with:
                         
          Dave rides Mark, who's on his stomach, flattened and splayed -
          grappling for a hold. Mark glances up to SEE:
          The USA Wrestling men WATCHING from near the door.
                         
          Mark looks away, gritting his teeth, but Dave's gotten his
          hold. As Dave TURNS and slams the bigger Mark -
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark looks out the window. Silence. They sit there, both
          bruised and bloodied.
                         

           Sorry about your nose.
                         

           No, you're not.

           Come by the house, have dinner with
           me and Nance and the kids.
                         
          Mark's still looking out the window. He speaks quietly -
                         

           You win a gold medal for them. And
           still. Nothing. No respect.
                         
          He reaches for the door handle.
                         

           Hey. Gimme a hug.
                         
          Dave reaches for his arm, and Mark folds automatically into
          his older brother, puts his head on his chest. Dave embraces
          him for several long moments - it's like a father and his
          young child. Then Dave smacks him on the back of the neck.
                         

           Same time tomorrow.

                         
                         
          Mark nods, gets out of the car and walks away.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark presses PLAY on his answering machine. Hang-ups and DIAL

                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark examines his bruised face in the mirror, wiping away
          blood - some of it his, some his brother's.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark's at the refrigerator, cracking ice cube trays into a
          plastic 7-11 shopping bag. The PHONE RINGS. He picks up --
                         

           Yah.
                         
          A man's voice is heard. It sounds like long distance.
                         

           May I please speak with Mr. Mark
           Schultz?
                         

           It's Mark.
                         

           I'm sorry to call you at night, but
           Mr. du Pont was anxious that I get
           in touch with you.
                         

           Okay...
                         

           He asked that you please consider
           taking a day off from your training
           to come out to Foxcatcher Farms so
           you men can meet face to face.
                         

           Who do you work for again?

                         
                         

           John E. du Pont of the du Pont
           family of Newtown Square,
           Pennsylvania.

           You may also know of him in
           connection with his support of the
           Villanova wrestling program.
                         


           What does he want to talk about?
                         

           Mr. du Pont requested that I
           contact you to set up a meeting.
           He'd like to bring you out to
           Pennsylvania.
                         

           Uh-huh.
                         

           If I may I'd like to make travel
           arrangements for you, Mr. Schultz.
                         
          Mark's holding the ice cube tray, alone in his dingy kitchen.
                         

           Mr. Schultz?
                         

                         
                         

                         
          BRANDON  waits for Mark.
                         

           Mr. Schultz, I'm Brandon. Welcome
           to Philadelphia.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark watches out the clear Plexi as the Pennsylvania
          countryside spreads out below him. He and Brandon and the
          pilot (LARRY - 50s, aviator glasses, Air Cavalry patch on his
          jacket) all wear RADIO MIC HEADSETS.

                         
                         

           Mr. du Pont would have flown you
           himself, but he was asked at the
           last minute for tactical assistance
           by the Newtown Square Police
           Department.
                         
          Mark has no idea what that means, but nods his head.
                         

           He should be back at the estate by
           the time we get there.
                         
          Larry BANKS the plane steeply on Mark's side so Mark has an
          unobstructed view of the ground.
                         

           Valley Forge below you.
                         
          They speed over the historic site - wide fields, the memorial
          arch, wood fences, the old stone house.
                         

           The du Pont family's supplied
           American armed forces with
           gunpowder since the beginning.
           
           Foxcatcher in three minutes.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A MARE and FOAL run away as the helicopter descends toward
          the Big House - a huge Georgian brick home in the middle of
          800 acres of fields and woods and outbuildings.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Brandon leads Mark down a carpeted hallway.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          They enter. It's at once grandly elegant and musty.

                         
                         

           Feel free to look around the
           library. Mr. du Pont will be up
           shortly.
                         
          Shuts the door behind him. Mark's never been in a room like
          this - oil paintings of du Pont ancestors; foxhounds, horses,
          hunts. Leather-bound books share space with framed OLD STAMPS
          and antique  PISTOLS. Framed PHOTOS of
          the same man (JOHN DU PONT - 50, thin, beak-nosed, blond-grey
          hair) with Presidents Ford, Nixon, Reagan... Henry Kissinger.
                         
          Mark's standing, gazing at the photos, when the door opens,
          revealing JOHN DU PONT, a police-issue HOLSTER dangling from
          one hand. He stops and breathlessly regards Mark.
                         

           You're actually here.
                         

           Oh. Yes, sir.
                         

           In my study.
                         

           
           They said it was the library.
                         

           It is.
                         
          Du Pont puts the holster onto a chair. Holds out his hand.
                         

           John du Pont.
                         

           Mark Sch --
                         

           - I know who you are - I've watched
           your Olympic victory enough times
           to know exactly who you are, every
           inch of you. Please, put your bag
           down, make yourself comfortable,
           sit, make yourself at home -
                         
          (You quickly realize that du Pont can be voluble and
          charming, but the more time you spend with him, the more you
          see what an effort this is for him - how essentially
          uncomfortable he is in his own skin.... Also, he just might
          have snorted a tiny bit of coke before he came in.)

                         
                         
          Mark sits. Du Pont settles in, sits facing him - focused
          entirely on Mark. He speaks intimately, sincerely
                         

           I watched the video of your Olympic
           run again last night. After you
           broke the arm of the Turk - after
           they disqualified you, handed you a
           loss - after they put an extra
           official on you to watch your holds
           - all of which were legal - after
           all that you rack up seven straight
           wins to take the medal. For your
           country. Thrilling. Thrilling.
           Inspiring. Take the gold medal.
                         
          Mark can't recall when he's received this kind of attention.
                         

           Thank you, sir. I'm proud of that
           day.
                         

           You should be. I'm proud of that
           day. I'm proud of you on that day.
           Your parents must be enormously
           proud.
                         

           
           To be perfectly honest, we don't
           often talk.
                         
          Du Pont nods, hoping Mark might say more. When he doesn't -
                         

           I want to tell you how much I
           appreciate your coming here. I know
           it cuts into your training. I
           imagine that's every day for you?
                         

           Yes sir, it is.
                         

           Strength training in the morning?
           Upper body regimen - muscle tone -
           building up the muscle tone -
           across the upper body. In the
           morning?

                         
                         

           Oh. Well. I take the mornings on my
           own - as you said, strength
           training, endurance - then I meet
           up with my brother - you know Dave
           Schultz - ?
                         

           Of course, of course, yes, I know
           him. I mean, not personally, but
           yes, of course, I do know him.
                         

           - I meet up with him at the U-W
           gym, we work out whatever free time
           we can grab between team practice.
                         

           University of Wisconsin.
                         

           Yes sir.
                         

           Where you both coach.
                         
          Mark NODS vaguely.
                         

           And they provide you with
           everything you need?
                         
          Beat.
                         

           Pretty much.
                         
          A moment as du Pont watches Mark.
                         

           I'd like to see you win this
           upcoming tournament -
                         

           - Thank you -
                         

           - I'd like to help you win this
           upcoming tournament. It's a big
           one, yes?
                         

           It's the world championship.

                         
                         
          Du Pont nods.
                         

           Why do you do it, Mark?
                         
          Mark just looks at him, unsure what he's being asked.
                         

           Why?
                         

           
           I want to be the best in the world.
                         

           I want you to be the best in the
           world. I want this country to be
           the best in the world.

           May I speak frankly?
                         
          Mark nods... of course.
                         

           I'm concerned. I'm concerned by
           what I see in these Unites States.
           Athletes labor to bring honor to
           America, and America fails to honor
           that labor. Fails to honor it and
           fails to support it.
                         
          Mark's staring at du Pont intently.
                         

           When did you win your first match?
                         

           I started kind of late - high
           school sophomore.
                         
          Du Pont waits, listening...
                         

           I was... well, truthfully, I was...
           kind of lost. And I got into it
           `cause my brother was wrestling. He
           convinced me to give it a try. I
           never told him this, but I was
           scared of losing in front of him.
           So of course my first match I get
           put up against a kid two years
           older. Dave was helping coach from
           my corner... and at the end, when
           the ref raised my hand...


                         

           there was my brother, he was
           running towards me - screaming -
           laughing - he lifted me up --
                         
          Mark stops - face flushed - tries to stop himself from
          getting CHOKED UP. After a few moments, he speaks quietly:
                         

           It's always been his sport. He let
           me inside. I'm just lucky to be
           very very good at it.
                         

           You won that match. Not him.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont and Mark walk the last few steps of a huge lawn up to
          an OLD FIELD HOUSE in the final stages of renovation. Du Pont
          opens the door. They walk into a gleaming new GYM.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Four pristine WRESTLING MATS are spread out on the floor.
          Through a doorway on the far end we can glimpse a WEIGHT ROOM
          with new nautilus and stationary bikes and free weights.
                         

           The U.S. Olympic Committee refuses
           to recognize that training for
           international competition is a full
           time job. Why is that? Why is that?
           
           I want you all to have a home.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          VARIOUS SHOTS of the vast historic site - monuments and
          fences and stone house headquarters.
                         

           I wish every American could come
           here and see for themselves. See
           the price of freedom. It's not free
           at all.

                         
                         
          Mark stands next to John on a ridge over the CEMETERY field.
          Du Pont's front leg is poised on a large rock, as if he's a
          General surveying all that has been conquered. His black Ford
          Mercury is parked nearby.
                         

           The sacrifices of the troops that
           first long winter remind me of what
           you athletes go through.
                         
          Silence as they look out over the national park.
                         

           I'm gratified my family could play
           a small part in the history here.
                         
          Then du Pont speaks, as much to Mark as to himself -
                         

           We can't choose the family we're
           born to. But we can make our own.

           I can't think of anyone I'd rather
           build a team with.
           
           You name your price.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A plane takes off on the runway.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CLOSE UP on Mark's face, looking at himself in the mirror.
          Studying his own face. Then he erupts in a PRIMAL SCREAM.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CLOSE UP on the face of a SIX-YEAR OLD BOY, CRYING -
          terrified. ALEXANDER, Dave's son. He's mid-way up a tall pine
          tree and scared to go any higher. Dave is a couple of
          branches above him. He looks down at Alexander, patiently
          waiting for the boy to stop crying. Finally, ALEX stops.

                         
                         

           You ready?
                         
          Beat. The boy nods. They climb higher.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark rides in the back of a cab. As he nears Dave's house, we
          SEE Nancy tapping a beer keg in the side yard. Dave and Alex
          sit in the TOP OF THE TREE, watching Mark arrive.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Lots of U of W wrestlers, coaches, wives, girlfriends, kids.
          Dave's at the BBQ, carving a huge roast on a spit with a long
          CARVING KNIFE. Mark's talking to him -
                         

           25 thousand a year. He said name
           your price and I said the highest
           price that came into my head. We'd
           get to hand-pick our own team,
           wrestlers we want to work with -
                         

           Who you gonna train with?
                         

           No - I mean... when I say we, I
           mean - you and me... could choose a
           team. Together.
                         

           What does du Pont get out of it?
                         

           As soon as you meet him you'll
           understand. He sees what we're
           after. He cares about America - old
           family, basically paid for the
           Revolutionary War - he gets it. He
           wants to help us win, help restore
           our pride.
                         

           My pride is fine.

                         
                         

           No, not.... This country's pride.
                         
          Dave just looks at him, silent.
                         

           Dave - this is it. This is what
           we've wanted our whole lives - just
           to train - you and me - not to have
           to deal with USA Wrestling, or
           Harper and his corrupt university
           program - not to have to think
           about anybody else...
                         
          Nancy has wandered over, Danielle on her hip.
                         

           - What're you guys talking about?
                         

           I'm speaking to my brother, that
           okay with you?
                         
          Nancy and Dave share a glance. Then Nancy turns to walk away.
                         

           Always good to see you, Mark.
           
           Please, eat our food, shit on our
           lawn. Enjoy yourself...
                         
          The brothers are silent for a long moment until she's gone.
                         

           Why does she...
                         
          He trails off. Then, a bit desperate -
                         

           The deer hunting on his farm's
           supposed to be amazing...
                         
          Dave speaks gently.
                         

           I got a good thing going here. I
           got a contract. Nancy's happy, Alex
           likes his school...
                         
          The reality starts to hit Mark that he may be doing this
          alone, without his older brother. He's shell-shocked.
                         

           The Worlds are sixty days away.

                         
                         

           Tell me your plan. Who you gonna
           train with?
                         


           Du Pont's taking his money out of
           the Villanova program. They'll pull
           the plug on that. So. Dan Bane
           could come. I - I guess Dan Bane.
           
           I don't know how to do this without
           you.
                         

           Do what?
                         
          The answer is "everything" -- but Mark just shakes his head.
                         

           It sounds like an opportunity.
                         

           Does it?
                         

           I think you could make something of
           it.
                         

           Do you?

           A spot's always open for you if you
           decide to come.
                         

           Thank you.
                         
          Dave steps forward and holds out his arms -
                         

           Congrats, little brother.
                         
          Mark steps into his brother's arms, folding into him, head on
          his chest, holding on for dear life. Nancy looks over.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Mark packs his apartment - trashing just about everything,
          tossing it in the dumpster - stuffing the few essentials in
          his AMC GREMLIN.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark drives across Ohio.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark gets gas. The attendant - clearly a HIGH SCHOOL WRESTLER
          - shakes his hand.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark pulls onto the estate grounds.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark rings the doorbell. No answer. He goes to ring it again
          and the door is opened by a UNIFORMED MAID.
                         

           Hi. I'm Mark Schultz.
                         
          Silence. That means nothing to her.
                         

           I'm here to see John du Pont?
                         

           Is Mr. du Pont expecting you?
                         

           Yeah. Well - not today exactly,
           but, yes. This week. Sometime.
                         

           Just a moment, please.

                         
                         

           In the meantime can I use the -
                         
          She SHUTS the door, leaving him outside. He turns and looks
          out over the VAST LAWN of the estate. Far off, it's being
          mowed by a gardener.
                         

           
           Please.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          They walk just a few feet and she gestures toward a door.
                         


           Is he? He's in there?
                         

           The washroom.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Floral wallpaper, gold fixtures and faucet. Mark pisses -
          mouth open, eyes half shut. He flushes.
                         
          He looks at a dish holding little pastel horseshoes. Soap? He
          picks one up, smells it. Washes his hands - monstrous with
          the tiny soap. He wipes his hands on his pants, avoiding the
          neatly hung towelettes. He opens the door.
                         

           Mr. Beck will see you now.
                         
          Mark doesn't know who Mr. Beck is.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark is let into a large third floor office with a big desk,
          wood filing cabinets, LAW BOOKS lining the bookshelves.
                         
          STAN BECK  rises from
          behind the desk as Mark enters.

                         
                         

           Come in, sit down.
                         

           Thanks.
                         

           Thank you, Rosie.
                         

           You're welcome, Mr. Beck.
                         
          She exits, closing the door behind her.
                         

           Okay. Okay. So. Mark Schultz,
           correct?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           

                         

           That's right.
                         


                         
          Mark just looks at him. Beat. Then he nods.
                         

           All right. Mark. I manage affairs
           for Mr. du Pont. Look after his
           interests. If you have a problem,
           you come to me. If Mr. Du Pont has
           a problem, I'll come to you. Okay?
                         

           Sounds okay.
                         

           Let's talk about what you're doing
           here. I'd like to make sure we all
           understand each other. Does that
           sound like a good policy to you?
                         

           That could be a good policy.

                         
                         

           Good. I think so, too. First thing
           I can tell you is that Mr. du Pont
           is very happy he can help you with
           your goals. But I want to make sure
           you're aware of what's expected.
           It's not a free ride. In exchange
           for the guest house, the more than
           substantial salary, the privilege
           of training at Foxcatcher Farms,
           Mr. du Pont expects results.
           Understood?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           I'm sure you can appreciate that.
                         

           Of course.
                         

           That goes for every wrestler.
                         

           I've actually got suggestions for
           about half the roster.
                         
          He pulls a creased, folded piece of paper from his pocket.
                         

           What about the other half?
                         


           I've been making phone calls.
                         

           I'll take a look at that when
           you've finished. All right. Now.
                         
          Stan takes out a form, writes on it as Mark puts away list.
                         

           Your age?
                         

           Twenty-seven.
                         

           Education?

                         
                         

           Oklahoma University.
                         

           Undergraduate?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           You graduated?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           Do you own any property?
                         

           No.
                         

           Are your parents still married?
                         


           No.
                         

           How old were you when they
           separated?
                         

           Two.
                         

           Have you ever been accused of a
           crime?
                         

           No.
                         
          The DOOR OPENS and John du Pont pokes his head in. Mark
          STANDS, relieved to see him finally --
                         

           Mr. du Pont.
                         
          Du Pont seems surprised to see Mark. He stays in the doorway,
          waves slightly.
                         

           Ah. Hello. You've arrived.

                         
                         

           Yes sir, I drove straight down.
                         
          It's a little odd that du Pont doesn't enter - he seems
          nervous. He looks at Stan. Stan hands him a sheet of paper.
                         

           Tonight's speech. All set.
                         
          John takes the paper and glances at it. Then -
                         

           They're setting him up in the
           chalet?
                         

           Yes, sir.
                         

           Excellent bed. Firm mattress.

           Good for the lower back.
                         

           Great.
                         

           All right.
                         

           All right. Thank you, sir.
                         
          And du Pont's gone, closing the door behind him. Beat.
                         

           Shall we finish this?
                         
          Mark sits.
                         

           Have you ever been sued?
                         

           No.
                         

           Have you ever initiated a lawsuit?
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Brandon walks with Mark. They've come far, across the huge
          side yard - the Big House looks small behind them.
                         
          Mark can see HORSE STABLES that let out onto a huge fenced
          track with a grass infield. Stable hands are putting several
          thoroughbred horses through their paces.
                         

           
           They're Mrs. du Pont's. We all just
           keep our distance.
                         
          They enter the WOODS. Just inside the trees is THE CHALET - a
          European style wooden guest house that is now Mark's home.
                         

           I didn't realize he was married.
                         

           Mr. du Pont? He's not. Mrs. du
           Pont's his mother.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Brandon lets Mark in the door, turns on the lights in the
          living room, in the kitchen, goes to the bedroom. It's
          decorated like a ski chalet. Brandon walks back from the
          bedroom, holding KEYS out to Mark-
                         

           Utilities are paid for - gas,
           electric. Refrigerator's stocked
           for now, but in the future you're
           responsible for feeding yourself.
           Unless of course you get invited to
           the Big House for dinner.
                         
          Mark, still standing in the entry-way, accepts the keys.
                         

           Someone will bring your car around.
           Anything else you need?
                         

           Has he always lived with his
           mother?
                         

           Mr. du Pont? I think so.

                         
                         
          Brandon leaves. Mark stands still for a long time, gazing at
          his new home - including some of the oddities, like the POLAR
          BEAR SKIN RUG  which is draped over the sofa.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark  tapes up PHOTOS of himself and
          Dave. The POLAR BEAR HEAD on the rug gazes blankly at him. A
          KNOCK on the living room window. It's John du Pont, who
          points toward the front door.
                         
                         

                         
          Mark opens the door. John's standing on the little porch,
          wearing a tux, holding a BOOK and a SMALL BOX.
                         

           Mr. du Pont, I want to thank you

                         
          Du Pont holds up a finger. Mark STOPS. Du Pont whispers -
                         

           You hear that?
                         
          Mark listens, shakes his head. Du Pont holds up his finger
          again - and then we HEAR it: a faint HOOTING from the woods.
                         

           Barred owl -
                         
          He hands Mark the small box he's holding. Inside is a very
          small set of BINOCULARS.
                         

           When you spot one, you'll see with
           each hoot there's a white flash in
           his collar. His throat swells, and
           he reveals to you the lighter
           feathers he keeps hidden
           underneath.
                         
          He hands Mark the BOOK: "South Pacific Birds" by John
          Eleuthere du Pont.
                         

           It's from ten years ago, but I
           thought you might find it
           interesting.

                         
                         

           You wrote this?
                         

           I did.
                         
          Mark seems genuinely touched and impressed.
                         

           Thank you. Do you want to come in?
                         

           No no -
                         

           - The fridge is full - you probably
           know better than me what's in there-
                         

           - No. You need your rest. You need
           to get started bright and early.
                         
          Du Pont hold up his own set of binoculars.
                         

           - I had a wonderful night a few
           years back when I spotted all eight
           Northeast species. Right here on
           the farm.

           What do we have - two months to the
           Worlds?
                         

           Not even. 54 days.
                         

           54 days.

           We'll get it done.
                         
          On the two men standing in the porch light. PRELAP the sound
          of POUNDING FEET, getting louder and louder -
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CLOSE ON: Wrestling shoes running FAST in place on the gym
          mat. There are SIX SETS of feet in a wide circle. Team
          Foxcatcher is beginning to come together.

                         
                         

           Drop!
                         
          All six wrestlers, Mark included, drop to the mats for 10
          fast push-ups and sit-ups.
                         
          The wrestlers are: ROBERTO GARCIA, aka "GECKO" (21 years old,
          105 pounds, Latino, as fast a talker as he is a wrestler);
          JIM ZEREGA - "JIMMY Z" ;
          MATT POPPER ; BRUCE
          SPRINGER ; MARK SCHULTZ (180
          lbs.); and DAN BANE (30, 198 lbs., strong and low-key,
          intelligent, from the West, like Mark.)
                         
          The wrestlers jump up - run in place incredibly fast.
                         


                         

                         
          Garcia and Zerega sprint to the end of the mats and back.
          Relay shuttles, each pair races, then the next pair.
                         
          Popper and Springer have just run (probably for the twentieth
          time) - they're BENT OVER, sucking wind by the wall.
                         
          Du Pont WALKS IN. He wears a sweatsuit, has a whistle around
          his neck. He hovers a slight distance away, observing,
          seeming to want to be noticed.
                         
          Mark and Dan take off, racing, as Garcia beats Zerega -
                         
          Du Pont stares at Garcia. As Dan and Mark race back, Dan
          notices du Pont -
                         

           Hey, Coach.
                         
          Du Pont becomes at once an odd combination of a kid invited
          to join in and the actual boss and benefactor of this team.
                         

           Dan Bane. How's that hamstring?
                         

           Coming back. It's coming back.
                         

           Good. Good to hear. Hamstring
           coming back.

                         
                         

           
           Sir, you need me for something?
                         

           No no. Later. Please. Continue.
                         

           
           Pair up. On the mat. Up and down.
           Popper, Springer, let's go.
                         
          Springer's dragging a bit, clearly wiped out.
                         

           Spling Loll - must lay off the pohk
           flied lice.
                         


           Suck me, Gecko.
           
           And I'm fucking Filipino, dickhead.
                         
          The six wrestlers are paired and spread out on the mats -
          each pair in the up-down position.
                         

           Go!
                         
          They all go to it - the top wrestler trying to get a hold
          secure enough to turn the other - and the down wrestler
          splayed on the mat, fending him off.
                         
          Du Pont hovers nearby, watching intently. We can sense his
          fascination - his admiration for these athletes. Also, his
          jealousy - how desperately he'd love to be part of this
          brotherhood.... He CLAPS, like a coach would....
                         

           
           Good.

           Good.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark, freshly showered, walks across the yard from the field
          house gym to the Big House.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont's pouring himself a scotch and soda at the built-in
          wall bar. Mark's in the SITTING AREA of this large office,
          which gives the unmistakable impression of having been
          inspired by the Oval Office. (We should sense that this is
          not the first of these meetings.)
                         

           I can't get you anything at all?
                         

           No, thank you. I'm good.
                         

           In training. Excellent.
                         
          He comes over and sits. He's immediately hushed and serious.
                         

           Talk to me about Roberto Garcia.
                         

           Gecko? Great wrestler. What do you
           want to know?
                         
          Du Pont sits there nodding. He's mulling something.
                         

           Just a sense. Keep your eye on him.
           Let me know of anything suspicious.
           Subversive. Anti.
                         

           Anti-what?
                         

           Anything at all. Phone calls.
           Anything.
                         

           
           I will.
                         
          Du Pont stands and goes over to a carved WOODEN EAGLE on top
          of one of the desk.
                         

           You see the artistry, the care, the
           craftsmanship that went into making
           this great American symbol? You see
           the face hidden among the feathers?

           Right here.

                         
                         
          Mark looks. He doesn't see it. But he NODS anyway.
                         

           We need to exert the same care in
           crafting a world-class wrestling
           experience here at Foxcatcher.

           How're we doing with Dave Schultz?
                         

           How do you mean?
                         

           You were going to speak to him
           again. When's he coming?
                         

           Right. Look. Dave's... he's got a
           good situation going up in Madison.
           He's... he doesn't want to uproot.
           The family. Just at the moment.

           At the present time.
                         

           He is a world class competitor - a
           world class coach. We are building
           a world class team. He belongs
           here. Tell me what I have to offer
           him.
                         

           Mr. du Pont, I don't... you can't
           buy Dave.
                         
          Silence. Du Pont's clearly not happy with this answer.
                         

           I wasn't... I didn't realize you
           wanted him to coach.
                         

           Wrestle and coach. We all coach
           each other. Support each other.
                         
          His tone suddenly turns bright and positive -
                         

           Let me ask your opinion -
                         
          He goes to the desk, where there are several large DRAWINGS
          of a proposed Foxcatcher logo: a RED FOX running. In some,
          the fox runs one way, in some the other. Mark approaches.

                         
                         

           What do you think? Right to left,
           or left to right?
                         
          Silence as Mark examines the designs intently. Then, finally -
                         

           Right to left.
                         
          Du Pont looks at him, then back at the drawings. On the two
          of them - studying, contemplating...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark RUNS hard through the woods - pushing himself - jumping
          fallen branches, sprinting up hills. He reaches the edge of
          the woods and stops, bent over, breathing heavily.
                         
          Across the field, PRIZE HORSES are led out of the stables
          onto the grounds of the estate. Mark WATCHES.
                         
          A few wrestlers  emerge from the
          woods behind Mark, running. Dan Bane leaves the other two.
                         

           I'll catch up with you all later.
                         
          Zerega and Popper jog off. Dan comes to stand next to Mark,
          who has taken his little pair of BINOCULARS from the pocket
          of his sweats and is looking through them. After a moment, he
          hands Dan the binoculars. Dan looks through them.
                         

           I'm pretty sure that's John's
           mother.
                         
          BINOCULARS POV: A VERY OLD WOMAN stands in front of her
          wheelchair, with the help of an attendant. When the horses
          reach her, she TOUCHES THEM LOVINGLY, tenderly stroking their
          faces, feeding them treats from her hands. She's completely
          at home with these animals, as they are with her.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave Schultz SLAMS his opponent to the mat. He's in TEAM USA
          uniform, and he's dominating.

                         
                         
          Du Pont watches from the stands, transfixed. Then he glances
          over at: Mark. Off to the side, watching his brother wrestle.
          Whether he's fascinated, jealous, rooting - we can't tell.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark wrestles like an animal - aggressive, forceful and fast.
          Dave's in Mark's corner, coaching - focused, intense, and
          very tough on Mark - shouting instruction.
                         
          On du Pont, watching from the stands...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Loud. The TV is on. A few Team USA WRESTLERS watch the French
          Sports TV wrap-up of the day's matches. Danielle JUMPS on the
          bed near the window, with Nancy watching her.
                         

           One... twois... quatro!
                         
          Nancy laughs. Dave wrestles with Alexander on the other bed.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont and Mark are outside the door. Mark holds a
          VIDEOTAPE. He KNOCKS. No answer.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave wrestling with Alex on the bed.
                         

           ...Fireman's carry... to a half-
           nelson... to a chicken wing...
           Wait! A chicken wing?
                         
          He starts to gobble up Alex's arm, who SHRIEKS in delight.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Mark knocks again. We HEAR Nancy's voice yell from inside:
          "It's open!" Mark opens the door.
                         
                         

                         
          Noisy, chaotic. The wrestlers glance over "Hey, Mark" "What's
          up".... Mark's focused on Dave, who wrestles with Alex -
                         

           Dave.
                         

           - a scrambled-egg!... a feather-
           pluck!...
                         
          Dave's plucking Alex and Alex is cracking up.
                         

           Dave.
                         

           Hey, Mark --
                         

           Come meet Mr. du Pont.
                         
          Dave sweeps up Alex and throws him over his shoulder,
          carrying him to the door. He SHAKES du Pont's HAND.
                         

           Hi. Dave Schultz.
                         

           John du Pont. It's a pleasure to
           meet you in person finally.
                         


           I told him how excited you were to
           meet him.
                         

           This is Alex, that's my wife,
           Nancy, our daughter Danielle.

           Hey, Nance. John du Pont.
                         
          Nancy waves from over near the window -
                         

           Hey.

                         
                         

           Hello.
                         

           Come on in. Can I get you a drink -
                         

           No no.
                         

           You sure - ?
                         

           Thank you. No. I need to be getting
           back. But, don't worry - we'll make
           a Foxcatcher out of you yet.
           
           Until tomorrow.
                         
          And he's GONE. Beat. Dave shrugs.
                         

           Well, I know what I need.
                         

           What?
                         

           Turkey drumstick!
                         
          He throws Alex on the bed and jumps on him. Alex SQUEALS.
          Mark heads for the TV across the room. Pops in his video.
                         

           Dave, check out the tape I have on

                         



                         

           I want to show you this downblock -
                         

           Cue it up.
                         
          As the tape cues up, Mark glances at Nancy.
                         

           Too difficult to come say hello to
           Mr. du Pont?

                         
                         

           I said hello.
           
           I'm watching my kid.
                         

           It's John du Pont. One of the most
           generous men in America. He's gonna
           save USA Wrestling.
           
           Can you not do that in here?
                         

           Do what?
                         

           Smoking.
                         

           Smoke?
                         

           I wrestle tomorrow.
                         

           It's my room, Mark. You don't have
           to be here.
                         

           I'm trying to get advice from my
           brother, get ready for the finals -
                         

           Go get ready -
                         

           You start smoking - ?
                         

           You can leave. Go to your own room -
                         

           - Your kids are in here -
                         
          She BLOWS SMOKE at him.
                         

           What the hell is that?
                         

           Mark. Calm down.
                         

           I'm not the one frigging smoking.

                         
                         

           The window's open. Relax. Show me
           what you want me to look at.
                         
          Mark looks around the room. At Alexander giggling on the bed,
          at Danielle bouncing, Nancy BLOWING SMOKE RINGS. It's all too
          much. He pulls out the videotape and WALKS OUT the door.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          VARIOUS SHOTS: Final matches in progress, intense and brutal.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark sits, alone, head in his hands.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Faces in the crowd watching; strained faces of the wrestlers.
                         
          Mark Schultz and Alexander Nanev's names are put up on the
          board. FINALS  82 KILOS...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont enters. Mark's alone on a corner bench, frozen, head
          in his hands. Silence. Du Pont is stiff, but gentle.
                         

           I think you're up.
                         
          Silence. Du Pont goes over to him, unsure what to do.
          Uncomfortable, he puts his hand on Mark's shoulder.
                         

           Mark. Dave just won. It's your
           turn.
                         
          Mark's body starts to shake. Then, very quietly:
                         

           I don't want to let you down.

                         
                         
          This is the first time anyone has said anything like this to
          du Pont. He has no idea how to respond. He woodenly pats
          Mark's shoulder, then takes his hand back.
                         

           I can't.... I've watched you these
           past months...
           
           I can't imagine being let down by
           you.
                         
          Mark stops shaking. Du Pont stands patiently beside him.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CAMERA'S TIGHT ON Mark as he enters the arena. Mark walks
          directly onto the mat, straight to the center, faces off with
          the Bulgarian, NANEV. CAMERA stays tight on Mark looking
          directly at Nanev, as the ref checks each of them.
                         
          WHISTLE. The match begins. Intense and rough. Neither able to
          gain an edge. Dave coaches from Mark's corner.
                         

                         
          In between periods. Mark sits as Dave FANS him with a towel,
          shouting instruction. Mark glances behind him: du Pont
          watches from the stands.
                         

                         
          Mark and Nanev wrestle the final seconds - Mark ahead by a
          point. Nanev tries desperately to turn Mark, to gain any
          advantage. The whistle blows.
                         
          The ref takes each of their hands. He RAISES Mark's. He turns
          them around, raises Mark's hand again.
                         
          Mark does a BACK FLIP. He trots over to the opposing coach,
          shakes his hand. He trots to his corner where Dave - beaming,
          his arms open wide - embraces him. Mark hugs his brother
          quickly, then turns to LOOK OUT into the stands.
                         
          He SPOTS du Pont, who's coming down the steps toward the
          platform. Mark walks toward him. The enormity of what he's
          just accomplished STARTS TO HIT Mark. His face is red. He
          reaches du Pont, and from a step below him, THROWS HIS ARMS
          around him, clings to him. Mark starts to SOB.
                         
          Du Pont holds him as he looks out toward the wrestling mat,
          where Dave watches.

                         
                         
          PRELAP SOUND: The beginning "AAAAAH's" of David Bowie's

                         

                         
                         

                         
          "LET'S DANCE" blasts from the stereo. Team Foxcatcher
          wrestlers are huddled in a circle in the Trophy Room -
          shouting the "AAAAAAAH's" along with the thin white duke.
          Each holds a BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE, shaking it up as they sing.
                         
          When the chords kick in, they POP THEIR CORKS - SPRAYING
          champagne on each other, shouting wildly. Then they all CHUG
          the rest of their bottles. Du Pont is dancing around outside
          the circle, doing his best Euro-electronica moves, and
          drinking from his bottle . The
          wrestlers DANCE. When du Pont finishes his bottle -
                         

           Let's clear it out!
                         
          He gestures toward the center section of the enormous TROPHY
          CASE - the entirety of which is filled with horse-jumping and
          fox-hunting medals, ribbons and plaques.
                         
          Some of the wrestlers open the glass doors and start taking
          down what's in there. A few of the others open more liquor...
                         

           Oh, yes!
                         

           You sure about this?
                         

           Mother's idea of sport is riding a
           horse that's chasing a dog that's
           chasing a fox. I don't share her
           affection for horseflesh -
                         
          The center case is cleared out.
                         

           Put `em up, boys!
                         
          They hang their wrestling medals, place in trophies and other
          awards - leaving the TOP FEW HOOKS EMPTY.
                         


           Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark!...

                         
                         
          Mark hangs his OLYMPIC and WORLD CUP GOLDS on the top hooks.
                         


                         
          Du Pont raises his bottle to Mark -
                         

           You've brought honor to Team
           Foxcatcher.
                         
          He starts to walk toward him.
                         

           You've brought honor to -
                         
          He SLIPS on the wet floor and his feet fly up in front of
          him, landing him FLAT ON HIS BACK.
                         
          SILENCE. Du Pont's lying there, shaking - is he crying? No
          one knows what exactly to do. Dan Bane approaches him.
                         

           You all right, Coach?
                         
          Du Pont starts LAUGHING out loud. Hugely relieved, Dan holds
          his hand out to him to help him up.
                         
          Du Pont takes Dan's hand and promptly pulls him to the
          ground... and... JUMPS on his back - WRESTLING with him. The
          wrestlers, including Mark, go crazy, CHEERING him on.
                         
          Dan lets du Pont get the best of him... lets du Pont PIN him.
                         
          The wrestlers are cheering madly as du Pont stands with his
          arms raised. He makes as if he's about to do a back flip
          , then sits and does a clumsy backwards
          somersault. Wild cheers.
                         

           More drinks!
                         
          He's on his knees, fists in the air, head thrown back -

                         
          PRELAP sound of a GUNSHOT -
                         

                         
                         

                         
          VARIOUS SHOTS: The AMERICAN FLAG being raised; a hawk soars
          above the trees; Jean du Pont BRUSHES the horses in the barn.

                         
                         
          CAMERA picks up wrestlers running off their hangovers -
          Zerega, Popper, Springer, Mark. They pick up speed as the
          camera stays with them. WE HEAR more gunshots as they run
          through the grounds - the SHOTS get louder and louder.
                         
          The wrestlers run somewhat near the FIRING RANGE, where
          several members of the NEWTOWN POLICE DEPARTMENT, in uniform,
          are SHOOTING target practice with DU PONT.
                         
          Du Pont wears a "Team Foxcatcher" zip SWEATJACKET - with his
          honorary POLICE BADGE pinned to one breast. On the other
          breast are sewn the words: "Head Coach", and JOHN "EAGLE" DU
          PONT. He's about to SHOOT when the wrestlers pass by -
                         

           Johnny D! Bossman!...
                         
          Du Pont, still holding his pistol, turns to watch them run
          past. His expression seems oddly, entirely blank.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A few wrestlers lift weights - the others are hanging out,
          resting, talking. Du Pont wanders in, his target practice
          PISTOL dangling from the crook of his arm. A few guys notice
          him, greet him CASUALLY, go back to what they were doing.
                         
          Du Pont FIRES a bullet through the roof. SILENCE.
                         

           321 days to Seoul, gentlemen. 321
           days. Let's get to work.
                         
          He gestures for Mark to join him.
                         

           Come talk to me.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CLOSE ON: a CHECK for $10,000.00 made out to Mark Schultz.
                         

           You don't have to do this.
                         
          John sits at his desk, pistol stuck in his waistband. Mark,
          sweaty, stands across the desk from him, holding the check.

                         
                         

           America doesn't respect you.
           Doesn't place any value on you at
           all. I reward accomplishment.
                         

           Thank you, Coach.
                         

           Please. Call me John. Or Coach.
           Whichever you prefer. Maybe Eagle.
           Or Coach. Eagle is good.

           How're we doing with Dave?
                         
          Mark carefully folds the check, avoiding du Pont's gaze.
                         

           You spoke to him again at the
           Worlds.
                         

           Yes. Yes, I did. I...

           It's not gonna happen. He got
           offered a contract extension at
           Wisconsin, Team USA wants him to
           train Olympic wrestlers next
           summer, he - it's not gonna happen.
                         
          John is clearly unhappy with this answer. He removes the gun
          from his waistband, places it on the desk.
                         

           Do you believe in this team?
                         

           Of course I -
                         

           - Do you believe we deserve this
           country's best talent?
                         

           I do -
                         

           - I pay for results not only on the
           mat, but in recruiting the best of
           the best to Foxcatcher Farms.
           That's part of your job.
                         
          Silence. Mark looks shamed by this.

                         
                         

           It's probably best. Dave
           intimidates you. You don't believe
           you can ever do better than your
           brother. Glass ceiling. Impossible
           for you to break through.
                         
          It looks like perhaps Mark believes this as well.
                         


           Do you think that's true?
           Because... all these years -
                         
          Du Pont stands suddenly -
                         

           - Well. You're the public face of
           Foxcatcher.
                         

           If that's what -
                         

           - What do you know about Masters
           League wrestling tournaments?
                         

           Uh - well - not all that much -
                         

           - Because I'm thinking of entering
           one.
                         
          Beat. Mark nods -
                         

           Okay...
                         

                         
          CLOSE ON: VIDEOTAPE image of Mark at the 1984 Olympics, his
          hand being raised by the ref... Mark raises both hands in the
          air, glances slightly down, then out at the crowd...
                         
          The image FREEZES, is rewound, plays again. At the moment
          Mark raises his arms and GLANCES DOWN, the image FREEZES.
                         

           This is the one.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          The furniture has been pushed to the walls in the huge formal
          dining room, and a large WHITE SCRIM has been erected at one
          end. A FASHION PHOTOGRAPHER who could double as a member of
          Devo, stands at a video monitor with du Pont.
                         

           He wears the singlet -
                         

           - and the gold medal -
                         

           - and, of course, the gold medal.
           And a lot of oil.
                         
          Mark's in a dressing area wearing his FOXCATCHER SINGLET and
          Olympic gold. Two assistants stuff his crotch with a bit of
          padding.
                         

           A lot of oil. Please. More oil. It
           defines the musculature.
                         
          Mark walks to his spot in front of the scrim. The two
          assistants slather baby oil on his arms and chest and legs as
          the photographer SHOWS him the pose on the monitor.
                         

           You're winning the gold medal.
           You're raising your arms in
           triumph. You're also feeling
           humility.
                         
          Du Pont is hanging back, but staring intensely at Mark. Mark
          looks over to him.
                         

           You good with this?
                         

           It's wonderful. It's exactly what I
           needed from you.
                         
          The photographer takes his place behind the camera as the
          assistants finish with the baby oil and clear away.
                         

           Good! Now. Mark. You're winning the
           gold medal! And you are humbled!
                         
          Mark raises his arms and glances down. FLASH. FLASH.

                         
                         

           Good! And again!
                         
          JUMP TO: Du Pont, in his Foxcatcher sweatsuit, is now in
          front of the scrim with Mark  Mark
          starts to hug du Pont for a photo -
                         

           I think you were below me by a
           couple of steps when you hugged me
           at the Worlds.
                         

           It's true.
                         

           Maybe if you kneeled.
                         

           Kneeled now? On the floor.

           Really? It won't look...
                         

           No. No. You should kneel.
                         
          Mark kneels in front of du Pont. Hugs him. FLASH. FLASH.
                         

           I think you were crying.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark and John, wearing TUXEDOS, board a large helicopter.
          It's cold out.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark and John are flown southwest toward Washington DC by
          Larry the pilot.
                         
          John takes a folded piece of paper from his jacket pocket,
          hands it to Mark.
                         

           Brandon and I prepared some
           remarks.

                         
                         
          Mark takes the paper and reads it over. He looks worried.
                         

           Don't be nervous. You'll do great.
                         
          Mark's not so sure. Then he HEARS a SNIFF. He looks over at
          du Pont: he's got a COCAINE BULLET in one nostril. Du Pont
          inhales, then OFFERS the bullet to Mark. Mark's frozen -
                         

           What? You've never done this?
           
           It helps put everything in
           perspective. Trust me....
           Mark. It's just cocaine. Trust me.
                         
          Mark takes the coke bullet, examines it for several moments,
          then holds it to one nostril. He INHALES.
                         

           Nice. You brought the medals?

           Good. Try the speech.
                         

           Read it?
                         

           Read the speech.
                         


           John Eagle du Pont, highly
           respected ornithologist, author,
           world explorer, phil... phila...
                         

           Philatelist.
                         
          The helicopter nears the LIT UP city of WASHINGTON D.C.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          LARGE SIGN on an EASEL by the entrance reads: "CITIZENS'
          DEFENSE OF PATRIOTS FUND - 1st ANNUAL GALA AND AUCTION".
                         
          Loads of tuxedoed Republicans and their wives or mistresses
          mill about. Small talk, hearty laughter, awarding of defense
          contracts, gallons of martinis.
                         


                         
                         

                         

           That's the one! That's the one I
           need!
                         
          A FINGER is jabbing at a military photograph of an M-113

                         
          We're in a corner of the reception. Du Pont stands with Steve
          Graham, looking at a set of PHOTOS. Mark's nearby, chewing
          vigorously on a straw.
                         

           In that case, the Grand Old Party
           wants to help find you one.
                         
          Graham calls over to the 3-star GENERAL in full dress uniform
          who's chewing on a cigar and drinking gin with a Senator.
                         

           General, any of these models
           available?
                         

           Which? We might have a couple of
           those left on the lot.
           
           You gonna need financing?
                         
          Everyone laughs. Du Pont smiles.
                         

           What I need is the gun turret.
           Don't send me one without that MK-
           19 mounted on top.
                         

           Uh... I don't know there, son.
           Civilians don't usually get 40mm
           blowback grenade launchers.
                         

           General, John du Pont is hardly
           your usual civilian.
                         
          The General turns back to the Senator, grumbling -
                         

           Am I supposed to get him a 12-pack
           of live fucking grenades, too?
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Mark's on stage, at the podium, READING from his Brandon-
          prepared remarks with - shall we say - some vigor...
                         

           ... highly respected ornithologist,
           author, world explorer, phil...
           phila...
                         
          Du Pont watches from the wings, whispers:
                         

           Philatelist.
                         
          Mark looks over at him blankly - he has no idea what du Pont
          just said.
                         

           Philatelist.
           


           Stamp collector.
                         

           Stamp collector, and former
           pentathlete.
                         
          Jean, in the audience, in her wheelchair, almost
          imperceptibly shakes her head.
                         

           Mr. Du Pont will be making his
           return to competitive sports in the
           over-50 category at the Masters'
           League du Pont Wrestling
           Invitational in Phoenix, Arizona
           this March.
                         
          Scattered applause, though no one has any idea what he's
          talking about. Du Pont watches from the wings. Mark reads.
                         

           I'm so proud to introduce my
           mentor. He has the ability to look
           at me and see where I am in life.
           He knows how to motivate me. I feel
           his love for me as an athlete and
           as a human being. My mother and
           father were divorced when I was two
           years old. I spent a lifetime
           looking for a father...


                         

           and I found one in the Golden,
           uh... the Gold Eagle of America -
           John du Pont.
                         
          Applause as du Pont strides onstage, hugs Mark. Du Pont
          turns, beaming  to the audience -
                         

           Mark Schultz. Thank you, son.
           (waves to Jean in

           Hello, Mother.
           
           The gold medal Mark won in 1984 was
           tarnished. Tarnished by Jimmy
           Carter. Tarnished by the
           unpatriotic acts of that democrat
           administration. He caused the
           entire Eastern bloc to boycott our
           Los Angeles Games. Mark will have
           an opportunity to shine up that
           medal at the World Championships in
           just a few short weeks. To prove
           his worth in front of the assembled
           nations of the globe...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Some time has passed. Lights are on in the windows of the
          Field House Gym.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark kneels on the mat with du Pont, holding him in the
          starting position. Mark is talking du Pont through the moves
          for an escape.
                         
          We get the sense that this is not the first of these lessons.
                         

           Ready? Go.
                         
          Du Pont clumsily attempts the escape. Mark is incredibly
          gentle with him, even tender, easing him through the moves.

                         
                         

           Okay. Let's try it again.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark's HAIR IS NOW CUT SHORT AND BLEACHED WHITE. He's in
          shorts - no shirt - on the phone. He's sipping a beer,
          walking around the living room -
                         

           Yeah. I'm good. Yeah.... All good.
                         
          INTERCUT with Dave in the U of W gym office, looking out over
          a wrestling team night practice.
                         

           You working hard?
                         

           Yeah. No, I'm kind of giving myself
           a bit of a break right now. I'll
           ramp it up again as the trials come
           closer.
                         

           All right. How close?
                         
          There a KNOCK on Mark's window. Mark looks over and sees du
          Pont standing outside, an eager look on his face. He beckons
          to Mark and moves TWO FINGERS as if cutting his own hair.
                         

           
           Just a sec...
                         

           What's that?
                         

           No, I wasn't - listen, I gotta run -
                         

           What're you doing?
                         

           I just - I gotta run.
                         


           Okay. Call me soon.

                         
                         

           I will -
                         

           - You're a tough man to track down -
                         

           - Yeah, well -
                         

           - Call me -
                         

           - I will. I gotta roll -
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Bowie's "China Girl" PLAYS through outdoor speakers. Mark
          crops du Pont's hair with an ELECTRIC CLIPPER. It's
          unseasonably warm out - Mark's in shorts and flip flops.
                         
          Both men are drinking from bottles of champagne. Du Pont's
          drunk enough that his defenses are down. A vanity table is on
          the veranda with a mirror and a bowl of COCAINE.
                         

           Looking good.

           Looking tough.
                         
          Mark finishes buzzing -- looks at du Pont's crew cut in the
          mirror. Du Pont seems melancholy.
                         

           I think you're ready.

           We just need some more talc.
                         
          They both reach over to the bowl of "talc", rub some on their
          gums -- then they each snort a line.
                         

           Yah! I think you're ready.
                         

           I appreciate this...
                         

           You've done the training, you
           learned the moves. You're ready to
           rumble, boss.

                         
                         

           No. Mark. I appreciate this.
                         

           
           It's nothing.
                         

           When I was fourteen - my father had
           left us long before that - my best
           friend was Clifford Holt, our
           gardener's son. Then I found out
           Mother had been paying Cliff to be
           friends with me.
                         
          Mark is moved, but doesn't know what to say.
                         

           We all have demons.
                         


           It's good to know you and I have
           come to this... friendship without
           any of that nonsense. Financial
           nonsense.
                         
          Neither mentions that du Pont is actually paying Mark.
          Silence. Mark struggles whether to admit something. Then -
                         

           When Dave's son, Alex, was born he
           had some problems with his lungs.
           It looked like he wasn't gonna
           live. I was sitting in the hospital
           waiting room, and all I could think
           was: Maybe it's better if he dies.
           Dave won't be distracted. We can
           get back to training together.

           Alex is fine now and, you know,
           he's my nephew. I'm not proud I
           wanted him to die, but it's the
           truth. That's just the truth.

           You gotta conquer your demons.
                         
          Du Pont stands up. Expressionless, he disappears through the
          sliding glass doors into the house. Mark LOOKS OUT over the
          dark grounds of Foxcatcher. Quiet.
                         
          Then Mark jumps out of his skin as a MACHINE GUN FIRES
          several rounds behind him.

                         
                         
          When he turns around, there's du Pont, a determined look on
          his face, pointing a semi-automatic MACHINE GUN out into the
          rolling landscape.
                         

           Conquer demons.
                         
          He FIRES again, a short burst of bullets into the dark. Du
          Pont fires again, a sustained volley into the dark...
                         

           
           Yeahhhhh!!!!
                         
          Du Pont ceases fire and looks out. He begins lowering the gun
          when it accidentally goes off, firing a few bullets into the
          wood deck - though he doesn't seem to notice.
                         

           They're dead.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          SILENCE, save for the steady HUM of flight inside the cabin.
                         
          Du Pont's gazing out the window of this private jet; he's
          trying to be brave, but he's clearly terrified of the
          upcoming match.
                         
          Mark sits next to du Pont, on the aisle.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Between periods at the "Du Pont Masters Open and Collegiate
          Invitational". Very few people in the Masters gym bleachers.
          Large posters of the oiled-up Mark on the walls.
                         
          Through large OPEN DOORS, in the adjoining gym, a larger
          crowd cheers on a number of NCAA wrestlers. FRED COLE and
          another USA WRESTLING OFFICIAL look in from the other gym.
          They SEE the posters of Mark on the walls, and they SEE:
                         
          An exhausted du Pont, in his Foxcatcher singlet, is slumped
          in his chair, encouraging Mark to massage his shoulders. Mark
          OBLIGES. Mark glances at the OPEN DOORS, notices Fred Cole.
          Self-conscious, he ignores Cole and focuses on John.

                         
                         

           When he gives you the slightest
           opening, you gotta shoot in on him.
           Be aggressive. Show him who's boss.
                         
          Du Pont nods wearily. He can barely move.
                         

                         
          The final minute of the match. It's clearly RIGGED. The OTHER
          WRESTLER is trying to let the exhausted du Pont get the best
          of him. Mark watches.
                         
          The REF blows the end of match whistle. The wrestlers stand,
          du Pont struggling to his feet. The ref takes each of their
          hands, and raises... du Pont's. He's "won".
                         
          Du Pont limps off the mat. He approaches Mark, THROWS his
          arms around him the way Mark hugged du Pont at the Worlds.
          Mark glances toward the open doors to the other gym.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark and an exhausted du Pont enter the locker room. Mark
          SEES, off in a corner, Brandon speaking quietly with the
          OTHER WRESTLER from du Pont's match. He watches Brandon HAND
          the other wrestler an ENVELOPE.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The helicopter is on the lawn, blades slowing, shutting down.
                         

           I've rearranged some of the horse
           ribbons, Mother...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John is seated in front of his mother, next to a window in
          her third floor room. She's in her wheelchair, with the
          oxygen tubes in her nose, imperious as ever.
                         

           ... Some of the older prizes in the
           trophy case.


                         

           To make room for Team Foxcatcher
           medals.... For the wrestling
           awards.
                         
          Silence. Jean just looks at her son, not reacting.
                         

           Including this, Mother. Ha. Which
           I've actually just won.
                         
          He takes his WINNER'S PLAQUE out of a duffel bag, trying to
          be casual, but seeming all the more like an eager 9 year-old.
          He holds it out for her. She doesn't take it, but leans
          forward slightly to read what's inscribed on it: "FIRST

          DU PONT." She sits back.
                         

           Which ribbons?
                         

           I'm sorry?
                         

           Which ribbons did you move?
                         

           Just some of the older ones. From
           the case. From the Rosemont case.
                         
          Silence.
                         

           I'll have a look later to see
           exactly what you've done.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          C/U's of Jean's ribbons in the case, horse photos, etc.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          On the vast lawn, the gardener drives his mower.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont, in Foxcatcher sweats, walks in. The gym is EMPTY.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark and the team are watching a VIDEOTAPE Garcia has gotten
          of an early ULTIMATE FIGHTING MATCH. It's an American street
          fighter versus a huge Brazilian Jujutsu expert. The match is
          brutal and bloody and the wrestlers watching are CLEARLY INTO
          IT. Mark is lying on the couch - attentive, but quiet.
                         
          There's KNOCKING at the door, but the guys don't notice it.
          Much LOUDER KNOCKING. Garcia opens the door. It's du Pont.
          Mark RISES to greet him as Dan MUTES the video.
                         


           Hi, Boss. How you doing? Any
           soreness from the match?
                         

           I went by the gym - it's almost
           noon - and there's no one in there.
           There is no one in there. In the
           gym.
                         

           Yeah, no, exactly - we've got an
           intense workout scheduled this
           afternoon. Real intense one. So
           we're taking the morning to rest
           up.
                         

           Who precisely is in charge around
           here?
                         

           Well, I mean, I am.
                         

           Where do we stand on Dave?
                         


           On what?
                         

           David Schultz. Your brother. When
           is he coming to Foxcatcher?

                         
                         
          Beat. Mark glances at the other guys.
                         

           We need someone to take charge
           around here, someone to lead.
                         

           John, seriously, I don't know how
           else to say it. It's not gonna
           happen. You can't buy Dave. It's
           just not gonna happen.
                         
          Du Pont SLAPS Mark. HARD. Across the face. SILENCE.
                         
          Mark could destroy du Pont. He doesn't seem to even consider
          it. He just stands there, like a chastened schoolboy, his
          face reddening. Du Pont WALKS OUT past the muted UFC on TV -
                         
          Once he's gone, no one speaks. Then:
                         

           You got bitch-slapped.
                         
          Mark turns to Garcia.
                         

           Oh shit.
                         
          Garcia runs into the other room.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark stands at the sink STARING at his reflection as the
          mirror fogs over from the RUNNING SHOWER: bleached hair, one
          side of his face is red where du Pont slapped him.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark sits on the edge of his bed. He's neatly dressed, his
          wet hair brushed. His face shaved. He doesn't move.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Mark walks quickly across the vast lawn toward the Big House.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark enters the Big House through the rear office entrance.
          No one's in the reception area.
                         

           Hello?... Hello?
                         
          He starts up the stairs, two at a time. Stan Beck comes out
          of his office, meets him at the top.
                         

           Mark. How are things?
                         

           I need to see John.
                         

           Mr. du Pont's not available right
           now.
                         

           Stan, please. I need to see him.
                         

           He's got a very full schedule this
           afternoon. But I'll let him know
           you stopped by.
                         

           
           Listen - I - something happened.
           There was a - misunderstanding. I
           think I did something wrong and I
           really need to talk to him about it-
                         

           - Mark, I hear you. But Mr. du
           Pont's away for the afternoon on
           business. He's simply not here.
                         
          Mark doesn't move.
                         

           You're going to have to do this
           later.

                         
                         
          Mark's frozen, not knowing what to do, where to go...
                         
          PRELAP: KNOCKING on a DOOR...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark awakens with a start to the sound of someone KNOCKING at
          the front door. He looks at the clock. It's 3 a.m.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark opens the door to find du Pont standing there, in his
          SWEATS. He clearly hasn't been to bed. And it's clearly an
          artificial stimulant that's been keeping him awake.
                         

           New moves. Wrestling moves. Need to
           try them out.
                         

           Oh, uh -
                         

           In the gym.
                         
                         
          Beat. Mark forces the cobwebs from his head.
                         

           Yeah, of course. Just... just give
           me a minute.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark and du Pont are down on the wrestling mat. Du Pont on
          top. He's both weirdly aggressive with Mark - trying to get
          him in various holds - and also, in the bizarre way he's
          pressing against Mark, quasi-sexual. Mark is BLANK-FACED.
          Just waiting for it to end.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          WIDE SHOT of the Foxcatcher estate. In the distance, a
          HELICOPTER approaches, the rotors getting louder and louder.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The helicopter has LANDED, the rotors still WHIRRING LOUDLY.
          
                         
          DAVE and NANCY and the kids descend from the helicopter,
          GREETED warmly by the wrestling team. MARK IS ABSENT.
                         
          Du Pont emerges from the Big House, trailed by Brandon. WE
          SEE du Pont notice what a warm reception Dave gets from the
          team. He comes down the steps, greets Dave and the family.
                         
          CLOSE ON: Mark, who's at the very far end of the lawn, just
          inside the ring of trees, WATCHING. His HEAD is COMPLETELY

                         
          MARK'S POV: Brandon and the team escort Nancy and the kids
          toward their new home. Du Pont and Dave ascend the Big House
          steps together. Du Pont puts his arm around Dave's shoulder.
          Far away, the Big House front door CLOSES.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The door OPENS. Mark has opened it from the inside. He's
          looking out at: Dave, on his porch. Beat.
                         

           Hey.
                         

           Hey, Dave.
                         

           How you doing?
                         

           Good. I'm good.
                         

           I hadn't seen you yet. I just want
           to make sure everything's okay.

                         
                         

           Yeah. I'm just concentrating.
           Trials are in 50 days.
                         
                         
          Silence.
                         

           You know, Nancy and the kids are
           here.
                         

           How they doing?
                         

           Good. You should stop in, say hi.
                         

           I will.

           I will.
                         
          As the brothers stand in the doorway looking at each other,
                         
          PRELAP: the sound of a GUNSHOT.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A deer STAGGERS. It's been hit by a rifle shot. It stumbles,
          starts to move away.
                         
          REVERSE onto Dave, holding his RIFLE. He's hunting with Dan
          Bane and TWO WRESTLERS we don't recognize (recruited by him
          in the few weeks he's been there.) Dave FIRES again.
                         
          HEAR: opening of THE DOOBIE BROTHERS' "Listen to the Music"
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A BOOMBOX plays The Doobie Brothers. The deer CARCASS hangs
          from a large tree. Dave SKINS it with a long knife. Dave's
          son, Alex, sits on the picnic table, watching. Danielle runs
          around the yard with some of the other wrestlers' kids.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          MUSIC in the background. The  wrestlers and
          their families are gathered around the picnic table, the keg,
          the roasting deer on the SPIT over the fire.
                         
          Du Pont is at the table. Mark stays very much ON THE
          PERIPHERY of the group. Dave's holding court at the table -
          in front of a huge platter of venison steaks -
                         

           There's this big match between an
           American and a Russian. The Russian
           is a monster, never lost, kills
           everybody with this hold called The
           Pretzel. So the American coach
           tells his wrestler, "Listen,
           whatever you do don't let this guy
           get you in The Pretzel or you're
           dead." Sure enough, match starts,
           the Russian gets him in The
           Pretzel.
                         
          There are smiles around the table.
                         

           The coach buries his head in his
           hands because he know's it's all
           over. Suddenly, he hears the crowd
           roar. When he looks up the Russian
           is flying through the air - he
           lands on his back, the American
           jumps him. Pins him. Boom. The
           match is over.
                         
          Du Pont is studying Dave intently, fascinated by the hold he
          has on people - the attention he gets.
                         

           "Nobody's ever gotten out of The
           Pretzel," the coach says afterward,
           "How'd you do it?" "Well, Coach, I
           was just about to give up when I
           opened my eyes and there was this
           big hairy pair of balls right in
           front of my face. I had nothing to
           lose, so with my last ounce of
           strength I craned my neck and bit
           those babies as hard as I could."

           The coach says, "And that did the
           trick?"



                         

           "Coach, you'd be surprised how
           motivated you get when you bite
           your own balls."
                         
          Everyone CRACKS UP. Du Pont WATCHES, trying to discern what
          makes this man so effortlessly magnetic.
                         
          Then du Pont laughs loudest of all.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The dozen wrestlers are spread out on the mats, in pairs,
          wrestling. Dave walks among them. He moves close to Springer,
          giving instruction. Du Pont, in sweats and a whistle, lurks
          nearby.
                         
          Mark's off against the wall, putting on weightlifting gloves.
                         

           He gives you opportunity, jump on
           it. Hard. Drive him down.
                         

           No mercy!
                         
          Dave looks at du Pont, surprised by the comment - that John's
          actually behaving as if he's coaching. Dave looks at some of
          the wrestlers, realizes this is the norm. He laughs, pats du
          Pont on the back.
                         

           
           Okay. Okay. You heard the Head
           Coach. No mercy.
                         
          Mark walks out of the wrestling room to the weight room.
          Du Pont is thrilled to be validated for a moment. Then -
                         

           
           Would you give us a little room?
           Just stand over there for a sec...
           

                         
          Du Pont obeys, SHUFFLES off to the side.
                         
          Fluidly, expertly, Dave talks and wrestles through a series
          of moves with Springer.
                         


                         

           - when he grabs for your elbow,
           goes for head position - your hand
           on his wrist needs to come up
           immediately, suck his arm to your
           chest, right hook over the top for
           the headlock, take him down, drive
           him down -
                         
          Du Pont watches the master work for several moments.
                         

           - you see him commit you make him

                         
          Du Pont clearly has nothing to contribute. He claps.
                         

           Keep it up, gentlemen.
                         
          Largely ignored, he drifts off into the weight room.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark sits on the LEG-PRESS, pressing an enormous amount of
          weight - repeatedly - straining, pushing himself.
                         
          Du Pont enters. Mark tries to ignore him, continues to press
          the huge stack of weights.
                         

           Your brother's taking the reins.
           Leading.
                         
          Mark finishes his set, stares straight ahead, catching his
          breath.
                         

           You've got more in you than that.
                         
          Mark turns his gaze to du Pont. SILENCE. Du Pont walks over
          behind him, starts massaging Mark's shoulders.
                         

           You've got to dig deep. Find out
           what's inside. Discover what you're
           made of.
                         


           Please don't do that.

                         
                         
          Du Pont keeps massaging. Mark glances towards the wrestling
          room.
                         

           Conquer your demons, Mark.

                         


           - Please. I'm asking you to not...
                         
          Dave is coming in the direction of the weight room. Mark
          STANDS and walks out of the gym. Du Pont turns and sees Dave
          come through the doorway.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CU on TV screen: Mark being taken down by a wrestler. The
          image pauses, plays again. And again.
                         
          Mark sits in front of the screen, watching this sequence,
          over and over. Dave walks in through the open door. Mark
          doesn't acknowledge him.
                         

           Why'd you take off so suddenly?
                         


           Need to study up. Fix some
           weakness.
                         

           You been doing this since you left?
                         

           Pretty much.
                         
          Beat. Dave stands there as Mark keeps watching.
                         

           What's going on with you and John?
                         


           Nothing's going on.

           What does that mean?

                         
                         

           You seemed kind of upset in the
           gym.
                         


           The fuck you talking about?
                         

           He was talking to you about
           something and you seemed pretty
           upset.

           What was he saying to you?
                         

           I don't know what you're talking
           about.
                         
          Beat.
                         

           Okay. You want me to leave you
           alone, I'll leave you alone. You
           decide you want to talk, you know
           where to find me.
                         
          Dave walks out. Mark keeps watching his videotape.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont drives his black Mercury. He's wearing what looks
          like an antique Revolutionary War General's battle COAT over
          a Foxcatcher t-shirt. There are a couple of MUSKETS in the
          back seat, another COAT.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave's got the hood of his car up. He's showing Alex how to
          change the oil filter. Danielle picks flowers in the yard and
          brings them to Nancy on the steps.
                         
          Du Pont pulls up in his car, gets out with the car running.
                         

           David Schultz. Dave.
                         
          Dave looks around the open hood.

                         
                         

           Hey, Coach.
                         

           I'd like to show you something. Why
           don't you hop in?
                         
          It's more than a little odd that du Pont hasn't acknowledged
          anyone else.
                         


                         

           - Need to show you something. At
           the battlefield. Come. Sit. Come.
                         

           You know what, Coach? It's Sunday.
           Family time.
                         
          Du Pont stands there as if he hasn't quite registered what
          Dave said. Beat. Beat. Nancy calls out from the steps.
                         

           Good morning, John.
                         
          Du Pont looks over at her as if he's just noticed her
          presence.
                         

           Family time. Ah. Very good.
                         
          He turns, gets back in his car.
                         

           Good. Good family time.
                         
          He drives off. Dave looks at Nancy.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark RUNS - alone, pushing himself, sprinting - through the
          woods, jumping rocks and fallen tree trunks.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          The wrestlers train on the mats. Du Pont patrols the
          perimeter, REPEATEDLY LOOKING TOWARD the doorway.
                         
          Du Pont SEES someone entering and immediately begins acting
          coach-like, SHOUTING instruction, CLAPPING encouragement.
                         
          WE NOW SEE who has entered: Mrs. Jean du Pont. She's WHEELED
          in by an attendant; another wheels the oxygen tank she's
          attached to. They park themselves by the wall.
                         
          INTERCUT: Mark SPRINTS through the woods, breathing hard.
                         
          BACK IN THE GYM: The wrestlers notice Jean, begin to stop
          what they're doing. Du Pont BLOWS HIS WHISTLE too loudly-
                         

           And.... break! Gentlemen, well
           done! Listen up. Team. Listen up.
                         
          Several wrestlers GLANCE toward Dave to check his reaction to
          this. Dave NODS his head in du Pont's direction.
                         

           A number of you will be travelling
           with me to the Olympic Trials in
           Pensacola next week. From the
           moment you leave these hallowed
           training grounds, you will be in
           competition. There's no lying in a
           fight. Who you think you are in the
           moments leading up to a fight, and
           who you are when the fight begins -
           the truth will become abundantly
           clear.
                         
          Jean du Pont watches her son.
                         

           Raul Garcia, come up here for a
           moment.
                         
          No one moves. He gestures at Garcia.
                         

           Raul. Gecko. Come.
                         

           
           My fucking name's Roberto,
           dickweed.

                         
                         
          Springer smiles. Garcia stands. He's clearly the SMALLEST
          WRESTLER in the room. He approaches du Pont.
                         
          INTERCUT: Mark sprinting through the woods.
                         

                         

           Muchas gracias, compadre.
           
           Por favor.
                         
          Garcia gets in the down position. Du Pont kneels next to him,
          his arms hovering over him, not yet grabbing on.
                         

           The period begins before the
           whistle blows, when the other
           wrestler feels you above him, feels
           your purpose.
                         
          Jean watches her son, not betraying any emotion.
                         

           Then... the whistle blows!
                         
          Du Pont grabs onto Garcia. Tries to flip him. He can't move
          him at all. TOTAL SILENCE, except for Du Pont grunting.
                         
          Mrs. Du Pont, stoic - watches her son. Then she signals to
          her attendant to take her away. She's wheeled out.
                         
          Du Pont sees her go.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave wrestles. He's having trouble with a younger wrestler.
                         
          Mark stretches by the wall, alone, trying to concentrate on
          his upcoming match. He keeps glancing over at his struggling
          brother, and at du Pont in Dave's corner.
                         

                         
          Du Pont FANS Dave with a towel in between periods, "coaching
          him", giving "advice". He's BEING FILMED BY A CAMERA CREW.
                         

                         
          End of Dave's match. Mark watches the ref raise the other
          wrestler's hand. Mark's stunned.

                         
                         

           That's the second - and final -
           loss for David Schultz.
                         
          Dave graciously HUGS the other wrestler. ON MARK, watching,
          devastated,
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark's on the mat, battling a college wrestler, Rico
          Chipparelli. Mark's struggling. We see a vulnerability we
          haven't seen before - something lost or disoriented. Dave
          shouts from the corner.
                         

           Get after him, Mark! Shoot low!...
                         
          Du Pont, BEING FILMED, claps, calls out instruction -
                         

           Need to get after him, there. Low
           low low.
                         

                         
          In between periods, Mark sits in the chair in his corner
          while Dave gets in his face, coaching. But all Mark can pay
          attention to is du Pont clumsily FANNING him with a towel.
                         

           He's open to the left. He leaves
           his entire left side open. You
           gotta get after that fucker! Make
           him pay. Now or never...
                         

                         
          Mark's back out on the mat. It's not working. Mark gets
          PINNED. The wrestlers stand. The ref holds both of their
          hands, RAISES Chipparelli's arm. He turns them around, raises
          Chipparelli's arm again.
                         
          Mark walks off the mat. Dave tries to console him.
                         

           Double elimination, buddy. You'll
           get it back.
                         

           Next time, Mark. A good effort.

                         
                         
          Mark walks right past them, off the mats. We TRAIL him,
          staying with him as he walks straight out the arena door.
                         
                         

                         
          Mark walks out the door and along the side of the building.
          He turns down a side entrance ramp for delivery trucks
          leading down to an underground garage.
                         
                         

                         
          Mark's alone here. He BANGS his head against the cement wall,
          smashing it repeatedly. He screams at himself. He punches
          himself. Punishment for losing.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark, still in his wrestling clothes, sits on the edge of his
          bed in front of a ROOM SERVICE CART loaded with food. His
          face is bloody. He gorges himself on fried chicken,
          sandwiches, french fries.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark's on his knees at the room MINI-BAR, having discovered
          the Kit-Kat's, M&amp;Ms. TV's on, place is a wreck. A KNOCK at
          the door. LOUDER. Mark looks through the peephole. His POV:
                         

           Open up - I know you're in there.
                         
          Mark walks away from the door.
                         

           Mark. I'm gonna kick it in if you
           don't open it.
                         
          Dave POUNDS hard, seriously rattling the doorframe.
                         

           Mark!
                         
          Mark doesn't move. Dave starts to KICK IN the door - once,
          twice - it might break. Mark goes to the door and opens it.
          SILENCE as the brothers stand there looking at each other.

                         
                         

           What's going on with you? You got a
           match in four hours.

           What happened to your face?
                         
          Mark walks away, sits on the bed. Dave comes in, surveys the
          room - dishes on the room-service cart, open mini-bar.
                         

           Jesus Christ, tell me you didn't
           eat all this.

           You got to weigh in before every
           match.
                         

           I'm done.
                         

           What does that mean?
                         

           It's over. I'm done. You lost. I
           lost. It's over.
                         
          Dave walks over to Mark, and CUFFS him, hard, on the side of
          the head. He hits him again. Hard.
                         

           Look at me. Look at me. You have a
           chance to do what no wrestler's
           done since 1904. Not one. If you
           think I'm gonna let you throw away
           a chance to win back-to-back
           Olympic golds you're fucking crazy.
                         
          Dave CUFFS him again, harder.
                         

           Do you know what I'd give to have
           the extra years you've got? To have
           one more shot? To not have to start
           coaching full time? Do you?!
           
           I'm done, Mark. I've lost a step.
           You haven't. I will kick the shit
           out of you. I will lift you up and
           personally throw you out on that
           mat to take what's yours - what
           we've been training for since high
           school. And I will be on your ass
           every day from here to South Korea.

                         
                         
          Mark is silent, his face reddening. Staring straight ahead.
                         


           I'm with you, Mark. You're not in
           this alone.
                         
          Silence. Then, Mark stands and the CAMERA follows him into
          the bathroom. As he sticks his fingers down his throat and
          leans over the toilet bowl to throw up,
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark steps on the scale. Dave watches. The balance shoots up,
          making a metallic clank.
                         

           
           Shit.
                         
          The official MOVES the slide weight up from 82 KILOS to...
                         

           87 kilos.
                         

           How long does he have to make
           weight?
                         
          The official glances up at the CLOCK.
                         

           Weigh-in period ends at 3:30pm.
                         
          Dave nods. Grabs Mark.
                         

           C'mon, fat boy, you got 90 minutes
           to cut 12 pounds.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark PEDALS furiously on a STATIONARY BIKE, wearing five
          layers of sweats and fleeces with PLASTICS on top. We can see
          how much Mark is perspiring by the POOLS OF SWEAT which are
          collecting up his arms. Dave eggs him on as he shoves TINY
          PIECES of ICE up Mark's nose to keep him from overheating.

                         
                         
          Du Pont walks in the far side, clapping, calling out -
                         

           Here you are. I've been looking all
           over for you --
                         
          Dave immediately trots over to du Pont, heading him off.
                         
          We SEE their conversation from Mark's POV (we'll hear only
          pieces of it): Dave explains how Mark needs to be left alone.
          Du Pont resists at first; Dave is gentle but firm. He tells
          du Pont he shouldn't be in Mark's corner right now.
                         
          Finally, du Pont turns and WALKS OUT. Dave turns back toward
          Mark. Mark puts his head down and PEDALS even harder.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          C/U on the CLOCK: 3:29.
                         
          The weigh-in official CLOSES his log book. Dave and Mark
          BURST into the room.
                         

           Wait! Wait! We're here...

           Get 'em off.
                         
          The official looks at them, OPENS his log book. Dave helps
          Mark peel off his sweats. Soaked, they hit the floor with a
          smack. Mark, in his singlet, gets on the scale.
                         
          He's 30 GRAMS OVERWEIGHT . He steps off, and Dave
          helps PEEL his singlet off. He gets back on the scale naked.
          The official slides the weight bar...
                         
          3 GRAMS OVER. Dave grabs Mark.
                         

           Come here.
                         
          He grabs his wallet from his sweats pocket and pulls out a
          CREDIT CARD, dropping the wallet on the floor. Dave SQUEEGEES
          sweat off Mark's naked body with the card. Scraping him down.
                         
          He helps Mark back on the scale. The pointer bobs, finally
          reaches equilibrium.
                         

           82 kilos.

                         
                         
          Mark practically COLLAPSES. Dave helps him off the scale,
          walks him over to a bench, sits him down. He grabs a GATORADE
          from nearby table and hold it out to Mark, who looks like he
          might pass out.
                         

           Mark. Drink.
                         
          Mark just sits there. Not taking the drink.
                         

           Mark...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark SLAMS his opponent, Mike Sheets, to the mat. He's like
          an animal, dominating, aggressive.
                         
          Dave coaches from Mark's corner.
                         
                         

                         
          A SERIES OF QUICK CUTS OF MARK'S MATCHES: Mark dominating,
          turning his opponents, taking them down...
                         
          THEN: The END WHISTLE of Mark's final match. The wrestlers
          stand and the referee RAISES MARK'S ARM...
                         


                         
          Dave's EXULTANT - leaping and screaming onto the mat - he
          grabs his brother in a BEAR HUG and LIFTS him off the mat.
                         
          As Dave joyfully carries his exhausted, victorious brother
          around the mat, he glances over at where du Pont would be
          sitting. Empty seat.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave walks down the long hall checking door numbers. He stops
          to KNOCK on one. After a moment, Stan Beck opens the door.
                         

           Hey, Stan.

                         
                         

           Dave. What can I do for you?
                         

           I'm having some trouble finding
           John. He's not in his room -
                         

           - Right.
                         

           - I wanted to check in with him. I
           had a kind of uncomfortable thing
           with John before the match this
           afternoon - Mark was in a really
           delicate place, and I had to ask
           John to not be in his corner. I
           just wanted to make sure he's okay
           with everything. And that he's
           happy with the result. With how
           things turned out.
                         

           Dave. Mr. du Pont's mother died
           this morning. He flew home to
           Philadelphia earlier today.
                         
                         
          On Dave, stunned.
                         
          Dylan's "All the Tired Horses" STARTS TO PLAY.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          "All the Tired Horses" PLAYS.
                         
          C/U on Jean du Pont's face in an OIL PAINTING.
                         
          SHOTS of her horse-jumping ribbons; PHOTOS of Jean riding;
          the space John cleared for his wrestlers' MEDALS; John's
          Masters' Tournament winner's PLAQUE.
                         
          A SHOT of the POSTER of Mark oiled-up, hanging on the wall.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          VERY WIDE SHOT of the field between the Main House and the
          stables. A distant figure - tall, thin - makes his way across
          the field. "All the Tired Horses" PLAYS.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The doors to the stables are wide open.
                         
          "All the Tired Horses" PLAYS.
                         
          The horses peer out from their stalls, confused, wild-eyed.
          Du Pont goes from stall to stall, throwing open the gates. He
          waves the horses out, slapping them, waving his arms,
          shouting wildly, forcing the horses outside.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          "All the Tired Horses" PLAYS. The horses CHARGE OUT from the
          stables and onto the fields. Du Pont follows them out, waving
          at them drunkenly, falling, getting up, falling again.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave's Subaru turns off the road, onto the main driveway of
          Foxcatcher. Nancy's driving, Dave next to her, Mark in the
          back seat. A GUARD emerges from a makeshift guardhouse near
          the entrance gates to stop them. Nancy rolls down window.
                         

           Can I help you?
                         

           
           What's going on?
                         

           How can I help you?
                         

           We live here. We're part of Team
           Foxcatcher.

                         
                         

           Your names?
                         

           What's going on?
                         

           New security plan. Names?
                         

           Dave and Nancy Schultz. Mark
           Schultz.
                         

           Can I see some picture ID's?
                         

           Are you serious?
                         

           Please.
                         
          They hand over their driver's licences. Mark reaches to hand
          his over from the back seat -
                         


           - this guy just made the Olympic
           team.
                         
          No response. The Guard takes the ID's into the guardhouse.
                         
          Mark looks out his window: patrolling the roof of the main
          house, we can see PLAINCLOTHES SECURITY GUARDS. One of them
          speaks into a microphone in his cuff.
                         
          The Guard returns. Hands back their ID's. And hands Dave an

                         

           This is for you, sir.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark lifts his duffel bag from the back of Dave's car. He
          comes around to Dave's open window.
                         

           Tomorrow morning?

                         
                         


                         


                         

           Yeah.
                         

           I'll pick you up tomorrow, 7am.
                         

           You got it.
                         
          Mark starts off, then turns quickly -
                         

           Wait - your house, right?
                         
          Dave has to laugh.
                         

           Congrats, my brother.
                         
          As Mark walks into the Chalet, he looks over toward the Big
          House, where he can see a SECURITY DETAIL fanned out on the
          lawn, sweeping the ground with metal detectors.
                         
          IN THE CAR: Dave looks down at envelope in his hand.
                         

           What you got, baby?
                         
          Opens it. Beat.
                         

           John wrote me a check for ten
           thousand dollars.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          WIDE SHOT as du Pont trudges across the lawn toward the Field
          House in Foxcatcher sweats. After a few moments, he's
          followed by a LARGE PLAINCLOTHES SECURITY GUARD in a dark
          suit... and by Stan Beck.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Wrestlers warm up, work out, lift weights. Dave and Mark
          train intensively together, doing TAKE-DOWN DRILLS. Mark
          executes, Dave murmurs instruction to Mark, they do the drill
          again.
                         
          Du Pont WALKS IN THE GYM, trailed by the his Plainclothes
          Security Guard and Stan. Du Pont looks like he hasn't
          showered in a few days.
                         
          Dave moves toward John, offering greetings and condolences --
          "How you doing there, Coach," "Sorry to hear about your
          mother, sir," etc.
                         
          Du Pont brushes off the offers of sympathy -
                         

           No no. All's fine. There's work to
           be done.

           Back to work, gentlemen.
                         
          As they go back to their drills, John stays on the perimeter,
          watching Mark, STARING at them. It's disconcerting.
                         
          Dave moves back to work with Mark.
                         

           Mark. Focus. Look at me.
           
           Focus on me.

           You here?

           Let's run it again.
                         
          Mark tries to run the takedown, Dave escapes, he spins on
          Mark and takes him down hard. As they stand up, Dave smacks

                         

           Get your head on straight and do
           this.
                         
          Du Pont walks over. Mark can barely look at him. Du Pont
          stops close to Mark.
                         
          Mark looks to Dave to save him from this. Dave's clearly
          caught in the middle.
                         
          Mark looks down, closes his eyes as if in pain. Du Pont moves
          close to Dave, speaking to him so Mark can hear -

                         
                         

           If you and I can't get him there,
           no one can. We're in this together.
                         
          After a long moment, du Pont moves off the mat. He starts to
          stretch nearby. As Dave tries to get Mark back to work, du
          Pont starts to JOG around the perimeter of the gym. Mark's
          trying to keep it together, but it's clearly driving him
          insane. As du Pont jogs and jogs -
                         

                         

           Our challenge... as coaches... as
           leaders. I have coached... and
           psychologically prepare... Our Mark
           Schultz. To capture Olympic Gold...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          C/U of du Pont. HE'S SPEAKING DIRECTLY TO CAMERA. We're not
          sure where we are yet. He speaks haltingly, with effort,
          trying to be authoritative.
                         

           ...I wear many hats. I am leader.
           Mentor. Father figure. Brother.
           Older brother. At times the
           younger...
                         
                         

                         
          From a WIDER ANGLE, we see that he's being FILMED for the
          documentary. He wears his Foxcatcher sweat jacket with HEAD
          COACH and JOHN `Eagle' du PONT" stitched onto it.
                         

           It will not be easy. We have
           built... our family. Our
           obligation... is to build...
           winners... In life. To teach the
           secret... To build men who will...
           think of... Who will understand...
           the character traits... We must
           teach them... whether they will
           listen or no.

                         
                         
          He's finished. Silence. He stares steadily into the camera.
          Then he twitches.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A SECURITY TEAM taps on the outside of the main house, listen
          to the walls with what look like giant STETHOSCOPES.
                         
          THE CHALET: A HORSE, its mane unkempt and knotted, eats grass
          in the side yard. Lifting its head, it noses the side window.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          FRED COLE, with TWO OTHER OFFICIALS from USA WRESTLING, sits
          across from du Pont's desk. Dave's there, as is Stan Beck.
          John sits at his desk, CLEANING and OILING his pistol. A
          glass of SCOTCH next to it.
                         

           We're so very sorry about your
           mother's passing.
                         
          Du Pont doesn't look up, just meticulously cleans each part
          of the gun. Almost mumbling:
                         

           Yes. Very sad. Very sad days here.
           Here at the farm.
                         
          He keeps his focus on the disassembled gun, wiping clean each
          piece. Silence, then -
                         

           Well, whatever we can do.
                         
          Silence.
                         

           What we wanted to discuss... Mr. Du
           Pont spends a significant amount of
           money for wrestlers' training here
           at Foxcatcher. Now - in addition -
           he'd like to make a sizable direct
           donation to USA Wrestling.

           This money would come with
           conditions.


                         

           First: that you will start to offer
           Foxcatcher Farms - with the Golden
           Eagle as Head Coach, and Dave
           Schultz as Coach - as an
           alternative to Colorado Springs for
           wrestlers to train.
                         

           May I ask what sort of a donation
           we're discussing?
                         

           Four hundred thousand dollars.
                         
          Fred chokes on his glass of water.
                         

           Second: that the du Pont family
           name be on all Olympic wrestling
           singlets and sweatsuits.
                         

           
           And gym bags.
                         

           And gym bags.
                         
          Beat. Fred glances at his fellow officials.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark sprints through the woods, breathing hard. He emerges
          from the ring of trees onto the lawn near the Big House. He's
          immediately brought up short as SEVERAL SECURITY GUARDS come
          towards him, hands up --
                         

           Sir! Please turn around and go back
           the way you came.
                         


           What's going on?
                         

           Security. Please turn around and go
           back the way you came.
                         
          Behind the guard, Mark can see a SECURITY DETAIL fanned out
          around the perimeter of the Big House.

                         
                         

           What -?
                         

           - We'll let you know when this area
           is open. Please turn around and go
           back the way you came.
                         
          Mark's confused, still breathing hard. After a moment, he
          turns and walks off into the woods.
                         

                         
                         

                         

           We believe that Eagle has earned
           the right to be named to the
           official roster of Olympic coaches
           at Seoul. Which means he would be
           in Mark Schultz's corner throughout
           the games.
                         
          Fred looks over at Dave.
                         

           We'll all, of course, just need to
           get him to sign off on this.
                         

           You can take care of that?
                         

           I can try.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave and the other wrestlers warm up, stretch, run drills.
                         
          Mark walks into the gym in streetclothes, stays near the
          entrance. Dave senses that something's going on with his
          brother, walks over to him.
                         

           You're late.
                         

           Were you in the Big House
           yesterday?

                         
                         

          For a little while.
                         

          In the afternoon? Because I got
          turned away when I came within
          fifty yards of the house.

          What were you doing there?
                         

          I'm a coach here. I get paid by
          John. I was meeting with John.
                         

          About what?
                         

          Mark. Get dressed.
                         

          He's weakening me.
                         

          What are you talking about?
                         

          I talked to Bachman at SMU last
          night. He says they're expanding
          the program. There'll be room for
          both of us in the fall -
                         

          - Mark -
                         

          - I told him we could all get on
          the phone next weekend -
                         

          - You need to focus on what's
          happening a month from now. Not -
                         

          - SMU's gonna make a move, they're
          gonna take a run at it - we can be
          there at the beginning -
                         

          - Don't do this. Don't do it. Stay
          clear about what we're working for.

                         
                         

           - I can't do this anymore. I can't
           do it -
                         

           - It's not the time, Mark -
                         

           - John's killing me here -
                         

           - He's not killing you -
                         

           - If we at least let Bachman know
           by the end of the week we'll have a
           place to go to after -
                         

           - Stop. Stop it!
                         
          Long beat as Dave looks at Mark. As gently as he can:
                         

           I will make sure you're taken care
           of after Seoul. I'll talk to John -
           whatever you decide: you want to
           stay, you want to go - I'll make
           sure you're taken care of.
                         
          Mark's looking at his brother, something dawning on him for
          the first time.
                         

           You're not thinking of staying
           here...?
                         

           I don't know, Mark. The schools are
           great, the kids are happy. They
           have eight hundred acres to run
           around in...
                         
          Mark's at a complete loss. Just when he'd reconnected with
          his brother, it seems they'll be separated again.
                         

           If you win next month you're in a
           class by yourself, you write your
           own ticket. You live your own life
           however you want. Focus on that.

                         
                         


           My own life.
                         

           That's right.
                         

           And you'll be here.
                         

           I'll be here. Whenever you need me.
                         
          Mark seems lost. Dave pats him on the shoulder and turns to
          walk toward his office. Mark watches him walk away, then -
                         

           What's on your forehead?
                         

           What?
                         

           It says kids.
                         

           To remind me to pick up the kids
           from school.
                         

           What does that mean? When are you
           gonna you see your own forehead?
                         

           I don't have to. You just told me.
                         
          On Mark, PRELAP:
                         

           Here we go, sir. Five tons of fun.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          An M-113 Armored Personnel Carrier  is off-loaded from
          the back of a wide-load army trailer. A DELIVERY CORPORAL
          directs the operation. Du Pont watches.
                         

           That's one beautiful vehicle.
                         
          The CORPORAL watches du Pont climb atop the APC.

                         
                         

           Where's the grenade launcher?
                         

           I'm sorry?
                         

           The 40mm grenade launcher that's
           supposed to be mounted up here.
                         
          The Corporal pages through the sheets of his delivery order.
                         

           I don't know, sir. I don't... I
           don't see anything in the order -
                         

           - It goes right here. Right here.
                         

           Yes, it does. It does mount right
           there on the top.
                         

           So where is it?
                         

                         
                         

                         
          WORKERS heighten and reinforce the PERIMETER FENCE that runs
          along the rural roads surrounding the estate.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Portions of the exterior brick-face have been opened up, and
          SECURITY EXPERTS are peering inside, snaking cameras through
          the walls... looking for... something...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Drizzling. Du Pont sits in the M-113 APC, his torso sticks
          out the top. He TURNS IT ON, the engine roaring to life.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Dave is being interviewed for the documentary. He stands in
          his workout clothes, in front of the camera crew. Some of the
          wrestlers work out behind him. Dave's reading much of what he
          says from CUE CARDS held near the camera.
                         

           My name's Dave Schultz. I'm Coach
           and head of recruiting here at
           Foxcatcher, under Head Coach John
           "Eagle" du Pont -
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave's voice continues -
                         

           - Coach du Pont, uh, understands
           excellence, he represents...
           excellence, he expects it from his

                         
          Du Pont drives the APC over a little ridge and starts down a
          long slope toward the POND.
                         

                         
                         

                         

           
           - His... commitment to this sport
           is complete. He's made himself um,
           an... an expert in the sport of
           wrestling...
                         
          Dave, who's been so good at playing along, takes it too far
          even for himself. As he says the next bit, he stumbles over
          his words -
                         

           Eagle is indispensable to - uh -
           what it... to - what we're trying
           to accomplish here.
           (looks down,

           We... consider John...

           one of us.


                         


           One of us.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont drives the APC down the slope, into the POND. He
          continues driving as the tank goes lower and lower in the
          water -- the water covers the vehicle, then his torso, his
          neck, his head. And he's gone. Completely submerged.
                         
          Beat. Beat. The surface of the water is still. Beat.
                         
          Du Pont BREAKS the surface. He looks around, then swims
          slowly to shore. The tank remains on the bottom of the pond.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Dave and Mark sit on the couch across from Stan Beck and du
          Pont. Dave is firm and clear, but entirely diplomatic. Du
          Pont looks dishevelled, he won't meet anyone's gaze. We can
          see the POSTER of Mark hanging on the wall.
                         

           I'll commit to remaining at
           Foxcatcher so long as John wants me
           here, but only if my brother is
           taken care of.
                         

           Taken care of how?
                         

           So long as I'm here, Mark will
           continue to be paid.
                         

           Paid what?
                         

           His full salary.
                         

           You want him paid even if he
           leaves? What if he quits?
                         

           Whether or not he chooses to stay.
           That's right.

                         
                         
          Stan's incredulous. He glances over at du Pont, but his boss
          doesn't make eye contact. Stan turns back to Dave.
                         

           You're making quite an assumption
           about the value of your presence
           here.
                         

           You're welcome to test the theory.
                         

           What does that mean?
                         

           We can see how many wrestlers stay
           if I decide to go.

           I hope it doesn't come to that.

           I'd also ask John to understand the
           delicate nature of the lead-up to
           Seoul, and please allow Mark some
           space. Let him train just with me.
                         
          Du Pont winces at this, but keeps quiet.
                         


           You're that determined to leave?
                         
          Mark doesn't respond.
                         

           He'd like the option.
                         
          Stan leans over to du Pont and WHISPERS in his ear. It goes
          on for several seconds. Finally, du Pont NODS very slightly.
                         

           First of all, Mark has always been
           free to train in whatever -
                         

           - That's not exactly how it's -
                         

           - Just a minute - you've had your
           say.
                         

           Sorry.

                         
                         

           - To train in whatever way is most
           effective for him. Eagle offers his
           advice and counsel. If Mark chooses
           to ignore it, that's his loss.

           Mr. du Pont would be prepared to
           accept your financial terms, but
           only if we get an answer to what we
           proposed weeks ago.
                         

           What's that?
                         

           That John du Pont, Head Coach of
           Team Foxcatcher, be seated in
           Mark's corner throughout the
           Olympic Games.
                         
          Mark looks at Dave. Quiet, betrayed --
                         

           You've talked about this?
                         

           I was waiting for the right moment
           to bring it up with you. You
           haven't exactly been in a receptive
           frame of mind.
                         
          A long beat. Then Mark shrugs, and looks away from his
          brother. He's given up fighting this fight.
                         

           All right, then. I guess we're
           done.
                         
          Silence as they all just sit there.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          C/U on Mark, in his wrestling gear, looking disoriented,
          unfocused. He's in the hall right outside the locker room,
          just steps away from the WRESTLING ARENA. Dave's in his face -
          talking to him INTENSELY over the sounds of the crowd inside -

                         
                         

           This is your moment to prove
           yourself - your moment to step out
           alone, away from everyone, into the
           spotlight. This has nothing to do
           with me, nothing to do with John -
                         
          Du Pont hovers a few feet behind Dave, being filmed by his
          CAMERA CREW. Mark's eyes keep glancing over at him.
                         

           - nothing to do with anyone but
           you. This is you, Mark. This is
           you. Focus and take what's yours!
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark stands in his corner on the edge of the mat, flanked by
          Dave and du Pont.
                         

           From the United States of America,
           at 82 kilos... Mark Schultz.
                         
          Mark walks onto the mat. CHANTS of "U.S.A... U.S.A..." from
          the Americans in the stands... waving flags and shouting.
                         
          Mark faces his Bulgarian opponent in the center of the mat as
          each are checked by the REFEREE. As Mark is patted down, he
          glances over at his corner: du Pont is talking in Dave's ear,
          and Dave HAS HIS ARM AROUND du Pont's shoulders, listening.
          The camera crew films them.
                         

           Wrestle!
                         
          Mark's immediately taken down, for a moment ONTO HIS BACK.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark is GASPING for air, sitting in his chair in the corner.
          Dave rubs his muscles while yelling at him, in his face --
                         
          But Mark can only focus on du Pont, clumsily fanning him with
          the white towel, accidentally hitting him with it.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Mark wrestles, struggling - eyes lost, mouth open, gasping.
          The drive, the poetry, it's all gone.
                         
          REFEREE blows the whistle. The match is over. The wrestlers
          stand. Referee RAISES THE BULGARIAN'S hand. Mark looks lost.
          Du Pont is STARING at him. Dave hangs his head.
                         
          Ref turns the wrestlers around and raises the Bulgarian's
          hand again. Du Pont watches the small Bulgarian contingent in
          the crowd - cheering, dancing, waving the Bulgarian flag.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          C/U on Mark. He's driving. We don't know where he is, where
          he's driving. CAMERA stays close on him for some time.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark turns a RYDER VAN onto the Foxcatcher estate. He stops
          at the GUARDHOUSE, in front of the mechanical arm which
          blocks his way. The guard slides open the guardhouse window.
                         

           Name?
                         
          On Mark, looking at him.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark walks out of the house, arms full of belongings, past a
          pile of crap he's leaving heaped on the porch. He tosses his
          things in the back of the van, slams the doors shut.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          POV from THIRD FLOOR WINDOW OF THE BIG HOUSE: Mark driving
          his van away.
                         
          REVERSE SHOT: We see who's POV this is: John du Pont,
          watching from his third floor window.

                         
                         
          DU PONT'S POV: Mark's Ryder van drives toward the front gate,
          toward the guard house...
                         
          Mark drives past it... and off the estate.
                         
          REVERSE: Du Pont, in the window, closes the curtains.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Birds sit in the BARE BRANCHES of an oak tree; THREE HORSES,
          long-haired and un-groomed, paw at the snowy ground, looking
          for grass; the American FLAG hangs limply on the flagpole.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A SERIES OF SHOTS: The EMPTY ROOMS of the Foxcatcher Big
          House. Former grandeur, now devoid of life, dusty.
                         
          OVER the last of these shots, WE HEAR a DEEP, OVERLY DRAMATIC
          VOICE coming from a TV:
                         

           ... He's coached national and world
           champions with his unique blend of
           passion and inspiration...
                         
          C/U of a TV SCREEN: a SERIES OF IMAGES: Mark Schultz winning
          matches (one of the images is the one that became the
          Foxcatcher poster); Dave winning; Dan Bane winning.....
                         
          THEN, on screen, is the scene of du Pont "teaching" Mark a

                         

           From the under hook, pivot sideways
           while pulling down on his arm.
           Kneel between his legs and take him
           to the mat.
                         
          Mark lets du Pont take him down, though it's abundantly
          apparent how much Mark is gritting his teeth through this.
                         
                         

                         
          WE SEE where we are: a huge empty room - once used for grand
          dances.

                         
                         
          In a corner: du Pont and the Documentary Director sit on two
          chairs in front of a TV hooked up to a VCR. The Director is
          screening "The John du Pont Story" for his boss.
                         
          Du Pont has a PISTOL tucked in his waistband.
                         
          ON THE VIDEO: A SHOT OF: Mark finding du Pont in the stands
          at the Worlds and hugging him tightly.
                         
          A SHOT OF: Mark winning the Olympic Trials and Dave HUGGING
          and LIFTING his brother into the air.
                         
          A SHOT OF: du Pont watching this from the stands and raising
          his fist in the air.
                         
          A SHOT OF: Dave talking to the camera in the Foxcatcher gym:
                         

           He's made himself an - an expert in
           the art and sport of wrestling...
                         
          Dave stumbles on the words -
                         

           Eagle is indispensable to - uh -
           what it... what we're trying to
           accomplish here.
                         
          Dave looks down, obviously uncomfortable -
                         

           We... consider John... one of us.

           One of us.
                         
          A SHOT OF: du Pont talking to the camera, haltingly - trying
          so hard to be authoritative, inspirational:
                         

           Our challenge... as coaches... as
           leaders. I have coached... and
           psychologically prepare... our Mark
           Schultz... to capture Olympic Gold.
           I wear many hats. I am leader.
           Mentor. Father figure. Brother.
                         
          A SHOT of a GOLDEN EAGLE sitting on a tree branch, then
          flying away.
                         

           The symbol of America is the Golden
           Eagle...

                         
                         
          A SHOT of du Pont climbing into the pilot seat of his
          helicopter. He puts on his headset.
                         

           John du Pont is that Golden Eagle.
                         
          Du Pont takes off in the helicopter and flies away. Over this
          shot, the end title comes up:

                         
          THE TAPE ENDS. The TV screen goes to static snow.
                         
          SILENCE. Du Pont sits there, Director next to him. Finally,
          du Pont stands and starts for the door. Director follows.
                         

           We've bought several time slots
           next week on local station WPHI -
                         


           Good.
                         

           - Several late night slots, of
           course, but there was also an open
           afternoon half-hour, directly after
           "The Edge of Night." That should be
           a good one -
                         
          Du Pont continues right out the door, down the hallway, not
          even turning to face him.
                         

           Excellent.
                         
          The Director stops at the door. He calls out to du Pont --
                         

           - I'll let you know what the
           viewership numbers are as soon as I
           have them.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont walks out a SIDE DOOR of the Big House, followed by
          the LARGE PLAINCLOTHES SECURITY GUARD.
                         
          He continues toward his car - the BLACK MERCURY - goes to the
          driver's side. Then, something catches his eye in a nearby
          tree - he points it out the Security Guard:

                         
                         

           Northern Cardinal. Look at that.
                         

           Yes, sir.
                         

           They never leave home, no matter
           how cold it gets.
                         

           Yes, sir.
                         
          They get in the car and du Pont turns on the ignition. Before
          he shifts into gear, he removes the PISTOL from his waistband
          and places it on the middle seat. He pulls out.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont drives the dirt road that edges the woods ringing the
          enormous front lawn. The trees are bare, a bit snowy.
          Peaceful and pretty. The car approaches Dave's house.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Du Pont's car pulls up. Dave's Subaru is parked in the yard
          out front, and Dave lies half-in-half-out the driver's side
          door, working on the FUSE BOX under the steering column.
                         
          Dave rises out of the car to see who's pulled up.
                         

           Hey, Coach.
                         
          Dave takes a step toward du Pont's car. Du Pont just looks at
          him through his open driver's window.
                         

           What's up, John?
                         
          Du Pont picks up his PISTOL from the seat.
                         

           Oh. Hold on there -
                         
          Du Pont POINTS the pistol at Dave.

                         
                         

           You got a problem with me?
                         


                         
          Dave holds out his hand - on his palm is the word "KIDS" -
                         
          Du Pont SHOOTS Dave. The bullet goes through Dave's hand,
          smashing into his chest, throwing him to the ground.
                         
          The Security Guard scrambles out the car door and ducks
          behind the passenger side fender.
                         
          Dave tries to crawl away.
                         

           Dave!.... David!...
                         
          Nancy runs onto the porch and is screaming for her husband.
                         
          Du Pont POINTS the pistol at her. She RUNS inside.
                         
          Du Pont SHOOTS Dave in the back. Then he SHOOTS him in the
          back of the head.
                         
          After a few moments, he drives away.
                         
          Nancy runs outside. She cradles her husband as he bleeds out
          in the snow.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark, his HEAD SHAVED, sits in a chair too small for him.
          He's in front of a painted cinder block wall. He wears only
          shorts, no shirt. A CLOCK ticks on the wall behind him.
                         
          After several moments, we START TO HEAR crowd-pumping MUSIC
          in the background. LOUDER. LOUDER.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mark walks out of the tunnel into the ARENA. HUGE SOUND -
          loud, crowd-pumping music. Strobe lights. Mark's bare-
          chested, no shoes. He looks straight ahead as he walks.
          There's something missing behind his eyes.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Mark fights a Japanese martial artist. Mark's destroying him
          in a brutal, uninhibited display of aggression. He's got his
          opponent on his back and he pounds his bloody face repeatedly.
                         
          The REF stops the fight. Mark stands.
                         
          He's completely still, except for his heavy breathing. The
          other man's blood is on him. The crowd is wild, CHANTING,

                         



