







                               Written by

                              Peter Morgan






                                                    December 6th, 2011







    Dark clouds passing overhead.

    The bad weather that has hovered over the Eifel mountains, (in
    Germany), the past three days is on it's way out..




    A pupil dilates and contracts in the light. The eye stares.
    Blinks. Thinks. Making evaluations..




    The first rays of sunshine break through. The voices of
    international TV commentators in different languages.


               ...in places the track is still
               dangerously wet, but following a
               drivers meeting the decision has been
               taken. The race is going ahead...




    The eye belongs to a 27 year old Formula 1 RACING DRIVER
    wearing a fireproof balaclava...

    Highly intelligent, he also happens to be World Champion. His
    name is painted on the side of his Ferrari. NIKI LAUDA.


               My grandfather always said history is
               cruel and reductive and no matter how
               long we live, or how much we achieve -
               we are remembered for very little. So
               make sure it's the right things.

    NIKI stares up at the clouds. His eyelids flicker. Thinking.
    Agonizing. Wrestling with an all important decision...

    Is it going to carry on raining? Or become dry? Should he be
    using slicks or wets?




    We widen to find ourselves on the starting grid of a major
    Grand Prix. All around us...









    Engines scream into life as DRIVERS start their cars. An
    OFFICIAL walks through the cars holding aloft a sign, "One
    Minute"...

    Deafening, angry thunder as engines rev impatiently.


                 This is bullshit. We have no control
                 over our legacy. We cannot choose what
                 we are remembered for...

    A Ferrari MECHANIC rushes towards NIKI, and shouts in Italian
    above the noise, ...


                 Mass usa slicks. Le vuoi cambiare
                 anche tu?
                     (Mass is going on slicks. You
                      want to change?)

    NIKI looks in his wing-mirror back to see a red McLaren, white
    helmet, number 12, several rows behind him. A team of
    MECHANICS hastily changing the tyres to dry tyres.


                 Otherwise I wouldn't be remembered for
                 my rivalry with this asshole. And the
                 1976 season.

    NIKI then looks over at the car in pole position beside him.
    Another McLaren, but with number 11, and a Union Jack...


                 What about Hunt? Has he changed?


                 No, he's going on wets.

    The car in pole position: JAMES HUNT, surrounded by TV crews,
    mechanics, girlfriends, hangers-on..

    The Maclaren team is less than half the size of Ferrari's, but
    HUNT makes up for this with magnetism. The rock star of F1.

    NIKI's face: a stab of envy seeing a flash of his rival's
    glamorous long blonde hair disappearing into his balaclava,
    flirting with several hot-looking GIRLS..


                 I don't know why it became such a big
                 thing. We were just drivers. Busting
                 each other's balls. To me this is
                 perfectly normal. But other people saw
                 it differently.








                         NIKI 
               That whatever it was between us went
               deeper. And changed us both somehow.
               Forever.

    NIKI stares, then...


               Be, allora usiamo anche noi quells da
               bagnato.
                   

    The ten-second board is held up.

    NIKI pulls down his visor...as he and HUNT's eyes meet for a
    split-second, eyes staring...

    NIKI selects second gear for the wet track and revs the
    engine. The dashboard needle climbs through 8000, 9000, 10000



               Maybe that explains the state of mind
               I was in. And why it happened. The
               other thing I'm remembered for.
                   
               On August 1st, that same year...

    CAPTION: "AUGUST 1st, 1976".

    The STARTER waves the flag. NIKI's foot hits the floor - his
    engine screams that deafening, stomach rearranging high-pitch
    scream, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd.

    NIKI's car is catapaulted forward violently, the wheel-spin
    leaving livid black scars on the asphalt..

    NIKI gets away first. A good start! But within seconds there's
    a McLaren car right behind him, breathing down his neck.

    His arch-rival. HUNT.

    But as the McLaren roars past, NIKI sees a white helmet.
    Number 12. It's not Hunt. It's MASS. On his bald, slick tyres.

    NIKI curses under his breath. He screwed up. Made the wrong
    decision. Should have gone on slicks. He urgently needs to
    change tyres...

    NIKI swerves angrily into the pits. Ferrari's pit is right at
    one end...






    Commentary from all the world's TV stations explaining the
    crazy, panicked situation as all the DRIVERS come into the
    pits to change to dry tyres.

    It's chaos. A traffic jam of Formula 1 cars...

    The Ferrari team frantically work. Changing NIKI's tyres. Four
    men with air guns, two men with rapid-duty jacks. The same
    Italian MECHANIC appears, `plugs in' his headset to the car..


               Hair visto? Ti aveto detto di usare le
               slicks!
                   (See? I told you to go on
                    slicks!!)


               Bullshit. Where's Hunt?


               There!

    NIKI looks up to see the name JAMES HUNT written on the black
    helmet roar out of the pits ahead, with new tyres on...


               C'mon...!!

    NIKI screams at the MECHANICS, who are struggling. The airguns
    make a high-pitched noise...something's not right.


               What's GOING ON???

    "Thump", new  tyres hit the tarmac, engines scream, and
    NIKI exit the pits in pursuit of HUNT. But the delay has cost
    him dear...




    Archive TV commentary from the world's race COMMENTATORS
    stations informs us of the positions.

    MASS leading, HUNT in 3rd, LAUDA in 20th...




    NIKI gives it everything he's got. Tearing through the gears,
    trying to catch JAMES HUNT, breaking as late as he can, engine
    screaming.









    He flies over the take-off hump between Pflanzgarten and
    Swallowtail - passes one car after another. Into 13th place
    now. Pulling off outrageous manoeuvres.

    NIKI's P.O.V: the world flies past in a blur. The steering
    wheel shakes. The car is right on the edge. Cannot be driven
    any harder.

    NIKI approaches the Streckenteil Adenauer-Brucke section of
    the course...turns left at the Bergwerk corner. Crazy speed.
    And tight. Too tight. A mistake...

    "Thump", his wheels come into contact with the kerb on the
    inside. NIKI tries to counter-steer, but is travelling at 155
    mph. The car jerks horribly to the right..

    "Crunch", hits the embankment, then "Bang", hits the barrier,
    and is thrown across the track..

    Fire breaks out in the engine. NIKI's eyes widen in horror,
    with another car bearing down upon him...


                 No...!

    The oncoming car crashes head-on into our car, "Crash", a
    sickening, terrifying impact.

    The car explodes. Seventy litres of burning high-octane
    gasoline, with NIKI strapped inside, unable to undo his
    seatbelt. Locked in a blast furnace.

    NIKI screams as the flames engulf him. 800 degrees
    temperature. Trapped inside his car.

    Burning smoke fills his helmet, scarring his lungs...

    Pandemonium: commentary in different languages as panicked TV
    commentators helplessly describe what's happening..

    NIKI's POV: he can just make out the barely recognizable
    figures of the other DRIVERS rushing towards NIKI..

    Their hands get burnt in the flames as they try unsuccessfully
    to undo NIKI's seatbelt..

    Fire extinguishers blast at the car. Dry powder extinguishers.
    Covering NIKI's helmet. Blurring his vision, as he cries out
    in agony, inhaling the powder..

    Screaming voices. Panicked reactions. On the side of the car,
    the painted name `Niki Lauda' blisters and melts.









    Then sound fades. As NIKI blacks out - losing consciousness.



    Over this: the sound of a ringing phone...




    We're in a busy hospital A&amp;E unit. Noise. Crowds. A regular
    Saturday late afternoon. The phone continues to ring..

    Finally, an attractive station NURSE in her 20's, run-off-her-
    feet, breathlessly picks up the phone.


               Emergency...

    She covers her ears, straining to hear, listening to what is
    being said. Then her expression changes...


               Okay...standing by!

    The NURSE hangs up...then calls out to her NURSE and DOCTOR
    colleagues...


               That was the race-track..! There's
               been an accident..! A driver's been
               injured and is on his way in..!

    Instantly the atmosphere changes. A hive of activity as
    DOCTORS and NURSES prepare themselves for a major trauma...

    All PATIENTS with minor injuries are cleared out of the way.

    The NURSE rings upstairs to the operating theatres and
    consultant surgeons, telling them to stand by...



    Swing doors open, and a pair of shoeless, BARE FEET walks
    through and into the accident and emergency unit.

    Camera tilts up a pair of long legs in white racing
    overalls...to reveal a tall, good-looking driver, JAMES HUNT,
    , tanned, athletic, surfer long blonde hair...

    A man about whom a word comes to mind one would rarely use to
    describe an Englishman. SEXY.

    Blood trickles from his nose, there is bruising to his lip and
    the formation  of a nasty black eye, but make no
    mistake. He rocks. Drop-dead gorgeous..









                  I think the racetrack telephoned ahead
                  that I was coming? Hunt? James Hunt..?

     JAMES notices all the NURSES staring..


                  What's the matter? No one seen a spot
                  of blood before?


                  Are you all right?


                  Absolutely fine.




     The attractive NURSE is examining JAMES, opening his overalls,
     checking for wounds, cuts and bruises...


                  We all thought you'd been in an
                  accident.


                  I have. If you call a friendly
                  disagreement with another driver an
                  accident.


                  What did you disagree about?


                  None of your business. Ouch.


                  Sorry.


                  His wife.


                  That's going to need a couple of
                  stitches. It's a nasty cut.


                  It was a nasty blow. Done with a
                  bloody spanner.


                  Why? What did you do?










                  Nothing! Only what she begged me to
                  do.

     The NURSE notices bruising on JAMES's chest...


                  Which was..?

     She examines him, testing his ribs for fractures, his chest..

     JAMES looks up. Their eyes meet..


                  Be happy to show you if you like.




     `Crash', the door flies open as JAMES and the NURSE stumble
     through, mid-embrace, tearing at one another's clothes...

     The apartment is basic. Cramped. Messy. Like that of a poor
     student. Ashtrays filled with half-smoked joints. Empty beer
     cans. A toaster. A kettle. A stereo. A cage containing two
     budgerigars.

     A mattress on the floor.

     Newspapers with headlines about the Dockers Strike, England's
     crumbling economy, Rolls Royce being bailed out by the
     government - subtle reminders of Britain in transition,
     leaving behind its strong, imperial past.

     JAMES and the NURSE stand against the wall, still half-
     dressed, but already passionately making love...


                  I have a theory why women like racing
                  drivers. It's not because they respect
                  what we do...driving round and round
                  in circles. Mostly they think that's
                  pathetic. And they're probably right..
                      
                  It's our closeness to death.

     JAMES and the NURSE continue noisily, tirelessly making love
     in the shower...


                  The closer you are to death, the more
                  alive you FEEL...the more alive you
                  ARE. And they can see that in you.
                  FEEL that in you. The way you live.
                  Willing to risk everything.







                            JAMES 
                  With no thought for tomorrow...as if
                  each day is your last. It's a
                  wonderful way to live...and the ONLY
                  way to drive. The only way to get that
                  tenth of a second on everyone else...

     The lovemaking becomes more intense...


                  To dare to be one step bolder...one
                  step faster...

     JAMES is covered in perspiration, out on the edge...


                  Sure one step closer to death...

     JAMES and the NURSE, both screaming as they approach orgasm...


                  But one step closer to victory, too...

     JAMES and the NURSE both climax together...and collapse on the
     bed. Exhausted.




     A grotty old race track in South London.

     JAMES and the NURSE arrive at Crystal Palace race track in his
     battered old mini. They get out. She looks up, seeing the
     mechanics, the racing teams, the cars..


                  I've never been to a Grand Prix
                  before.


                  You still haven't. This is Formula 3.


                  What's that?


                  A lower division. Where people like me
                  mess about in the hope of finding
                  sponsors or being talent-spotted to
                  race in Formula 1.

     JAMES leads the NURSE into...






     The pits where JAMES introduces her to his team...


                Everyone, this is Nursie.


                    
                Gemma...


                Nursie, this is Doc our designer...


                How do you do?


                Bubbles, our chief mechanic.


                How do you do?


                Le Patron - Alexander, Lord Hesketh.


                How do you do?


                Fine, thanks. Blimey...is everyone in
                Formula 3 this posh?


                Glass of champagne, Nursie?


                It's Gemma. No, thanks.


                You sure? It's Krug. Clos de Mesnil.


                It's also ten in the morning.


                Oh, dear. Superstar? You haven't
                brought us a bore, have you?

     JAMES strips off, changing into his racing overalls.


                Trust me. Nursie's anything BUT a
                bore..









     The NURSE, meanwhile, drifts over to look at the car where
     BUBBLES is making last minute checks...


                  That's the car?


                  That's her. The Dastle Mk 9...with the
                  Lotus twin-cam sixteen hundred engine.
                  She's no beauty. But goes like the
                  clappers.

     An odd-looking car. A bit like a giant Go-kart, blue with
     yellow strips along the side and James's name in small
     letters. It looks small, dangerously fragile.


                  Uuuurrrrrkkkkkkggghghhhh.

     The NURSE is shocked to hear a dreadful watery vomiting sound.
     She sees JAMES bent over behind the truck...


                  Nothing to be worried about! Does it
                  before every race! Good sign,
                  actually. Means he's stoked!




     JAMES continues vomiting...


                  There's a lie that all drivers tell
                  themselves. "Death is something that
                  happens to other people." That's how
                  you find the courage to get in the car
                  in the first place...

     JAMES emerges, wiping his mouth...


                  All right, Superstar?


                  Never better, Patron.


                  Because bad things only happen to
                  others, right?


                  Have a gargle with this.









     JAMES takes a quick swig of the champagne...gargles, then
     swallows, puts on his balaclava...


                  Problem is deep down you know that's a
                  lie. That it could happen to you at
                  any moment.


                  Quick toke of this...

     HESKETH passes over a joint, which JAMES inhales, taking a
     huge lungful from....


                  So how do you make that terror go
                  away? Well, booze is good for that.
                  And wacky baccy. But better than
                  everything else is...sex.

     JAMES goes to the NURSE...and kisses her full on the lips,
     then puts on his helmet, and athletically vaults into the car.

     JAMES hits the ignition, and a deafening high-pitched SCREAM
     as the engine starts...


                  Ahhhh! What music! They could never
                  have predicted it, those pioneers that
                  invented the automobile that it would
                  possess us like this, in our
                  imaginations, our dreams. Nursie, men
                  love women...but even more than that,
                  men love CARS...




     JAMES notices another driver , his car already
     unloaded,  and mechanics working on it..


                  Who's that?


                  He's new. Some German.


                      
                  Austrian.


                  Is there a difference?









     JAMES looks over. On the side of the car, painted markings, in
     the form of a signature, "Niki Lauda".


                  All bloody Goosesteppers.




     JAMES is neck and neck with NIKI. They go into a corner.

     NIKI gets there first. Up ahead though, approaching the second
     bend...JAMES sees the tiniest, slimmest crack to overtake. No
     right-minded driver would risk it. Only a suicidal maniac.

     Which just happens to describe JAMES perfectly..

     JAMES goes for it. Daringly. Brilliantly. And forces NIKI to
     slam on his brakes to prevent a certain crash...




     HESKETH, BUBBLES, DOC and the NURSE watch from the
     sidelines...


                  That move was suicide!


                  It was also quite brilliant!! God he's
                  got balls!!




     JAMES carries on driving. Flat out.

     But on the flat, NIKI suddenly comes out of nowhere. As if his
     car has 50 bhp more.

     And overtakes JAMES. NIKI begins to pull away. And has the
     Englishman beaten..

     JAMES sees red mist...and in an act of do-or-die vengeful
     madness, JAMES goes into a corner far too fast...

     ...yanks his steering wheel. And outrageously shunts NIKI's
     car. An unforgivable act of unsportsmanlike vindictiveness.

     NIKI and JAMES's cars both veer off...go into wild, lethal
     spins..but luckily for JAMES he ends up facing the right
     way...









     ...and despite being badly shaken, dizzy, JAMES is able to
     change gears, and continue driving...

     NIKI's car, by contrast, has stalled...and now ends up facing
     THE WRONG WAY on the track...

     NIKI's eyes look up to see all the cars coming over a brow,
     like a herd of Wildebeest, heading towards him...


                  Umgotteswillen...

     NIKI rips open his seat-belt, is about to get out of his car,
     when one car shoots straight over the nose of his car.

     NIKI ducks, then bravely leaps for cover, as....

     "SMASH", one of the oncoming cars shunts into his car, (it
     would have killed him instantly).

     "WHAM", another car narrowly misses him...

     "CRASH", another car forces NIKI into an evasive dive...

     Cars scream past him on all sides as the race continues...

     NIKI, battered, shaken, has had an unbelievably close escape.
     He rips off his helmet, furious...

     And now we see NIKI LAUDA's face for the first time. Sharp-
     featured. Intelligent eyes. Dark hair. Protruding teeth.

     Something unmistakably rat-like about him.




     JAMES is on the podium, having won. He's with the NURSE, and
     HESKETH and BUBBLES and his team, spraying them with
     champagne..

     NIKI walks past the podium, holding his blue helmet, and
     shouts out, still incandescent...


                  Hey...asshole! That was my line! I had
                  that corner...


                  You mean the one you spun out of? And
                  finished facing the other way? I think
                  that corner had you.

     Laughter.










                  That move was total suicide. What if I
                  hadn't braked? We'd have crashed..!!


                  But we didn't, did we? Thanks to your
                  impeccable `survival' instincts...

     JAMES makes chicken noises...


                  Fuck you! What's your name?


                  James Simon Wallis Hunt. Remember it,
                  my little Jerry friend. Because one
                  day he will be World Champion.


                  Jawohl. Remember ze name. Very simple.
                  "Hunt". It rhymes with....

     "BEEEEP", a car horn hoots nearby, blocking out JAMES's c-word
     insult...


                  ...a word that happens to describe you
                  perfectly.

     Laughter. NIKI gives JAMES the finger, "Screw you, asshole".
     The NURSE watches NIKI go..


                  Who was that?


                  No one. Chippy little Kraut. Bad
                  loser. Forget him.

     NIKI continues to walk off, middle finger raised..




     To establish: the Austrian capital. OVER THIS: the sound of
     NIKI's voice...


                  In my home town, Vienna, my family is
                  famous for one thing. Business. My
                  grandfather was a businessman, my
                  father, too...






     NIKI is in front of a mirror, and dresses smartly in a jacket,
     and open necked shirt, evidently a little nervous...


                So when they heard I wanted to race
                cars for a living, they had a few
                things to say...




     A large, forbidding dining room. NIKI's FATHER and terrifying
     GRANDFATHER, are eating supper. GRANDFATHER shakes his head,
     clearly disapproves and barks in German...


                Never! Racing is for playboys and
                dilettantes. Frivolous amateurs with
                nothing in their heads. The name
                `Lauda' appears on the front pages,
                with politicians and economists, not
                on the back pages with...
                    
                ...footballers and skiers. If you want
                my money, you do as I say and follow
                me into my business..

     NIKI stares at his GRANDFATHER..


                It's in moments like this that you
                discover who you really are..

     ...and in a move that he knows will rupture the family for
     ever, NIKI gets to his feet..


                Fine. Keep your money. Don't invest in
                me. But when I'm World Champion, and I
                have the trophy, and my name is not
                just on the back pages, but on the
                front too, you will regret it.

     NIKI walks out, the old man's insults ringing in his ears...


                You dare sit at my table and lecture
                me on what I will or won't regret? Get
                out! Impertinent wretch! Consider
                yourself disowned!






     NIKI is in a meeting with visibly concerned BANKERS and
     LAWYERS. They speak in German...


                Another loan? Herr Lauda, you still
                haven't repaid the other...


                Three..


                Totalling millions of Schillings. Plus
                your Grandfather called to inform us
                he will no longer be offering
                security.


                I know. There is no room for failure.
                I understand that.


                But I was still a Lauda...




     NIKI is driving his car. Beside him, is the attache case on
     his lap. His car passes under a motorway sign reading
     "Flughafen". ...


                ...which meant I was still a
                businessman above everything else.




     A private jet. A balding, blazered Englishman in late middle-
     age , owner of BRM racing, disembarks onto the
     tarmac...


                It just so happens that the business I
                deal in is speed.




     NIKI sits with LOUIS STANLEY in an airport cafe.

     Contracts are open on the table. NIKI is signing. LOUIS
     STANLEY is counter-signing...










                  In return for your money you get a
                  car, mechanics and a place on the
                  team. Plus fifty per cent of starting
                  fees and bonuses for podium finishes.


                  Who's the number one driver?


                  Clay Regazzoni and you will defer to
                  him at all times.

     NIKI takes out his cheque book and pen. He looks up...


                  Why would I defer to him if I am
                  paying his wages?

     NIKI writes the cheque. STANLEY's smile fades..


                  Because he's a proven winner at the
                  highest level, a good guy, and someone
                  who quite frankly, could teach you a
                  thing or two.

     NIKI ignores this, continues scrutinizing the contract...


                  OK. There is one clause missing.


                  The one about mechanics' exclusivity?
                  Sorry. We have a cardinal rule at BRM.
                  All information is shared between ALL
                  our drivers..


                  And I made it perfectly clear that my
                  mechanics work for me. No one else.
                  This is something I cannot sign.

     NIKI takes back the cheque. STANLEY stares...


                  All right. I'll have the lawyers amend
                  it.


                  While you're at it you can tell them
                  to amend the clause for podium
                  finishes. Podium is first THREE
                  places, not just wins.









     NIKI puts the cheque in his attache case. Snaps it shut,
     taking it with him..


                You'll get the money on signature, as
                agreed. See you at winter testing.

     NIKI gets to his feet, and leaves. STANLEY watches the attache
     case disappear.


                If that little git drives half as well
                as he negotiates, we're going to be
                fine.









     An awards ceremony is in progress. The room is thick with
     cigar and cigarette smoke. A presenter on stage, wearing black
     tie...


                I'm delighted to say the winner of the
                British Guild of Motoring Writers
                award for the `Most Promising Driver
                of the Year' is James Hunt...

     A loud, boisterous cheer goes up at the Hesketh Racing table.

     JAMES turns to a  girlfriend beside him, gives
     her a lingering kiss on the lips, then gets to his feet,
     shakes hands with HESKETH, and BUBBLES and skips up to the
     podium...


                Thank you. My parents always wanted me
                to be a doctor, or stockbroker, and
                gave me a first class education...but
                to no avail. My brothers are the
                success stories. I get bored easily. I
                have a hot head, an inability to
                tolerate discipline. I fall out with
                people left and right. I'm quick to
                settle matters with my fists. The only
                creatures I've ever loved and treated
                well, are budgerigars. In any normal
                area of life, I'd be...or AM...a total
                liability. All I've got going for me
                is I'm quick in a car.








     A good-looking woman calls out..


                  That's not all!

     Laughter.


                  So thank you for acknowledging that.
                  And giving me this...
                      
                  I'm going to give it to my Dad, and
                  tell him to put it on the mantle-piece
                  and imagine it's a first class degree
                  in medicine.




     Afterwards: everyone is celebrating. Thanks to JAMES, every
     pretty woman in the club is around. The trophy is perched
     beside bottles of champagne...


                  Well done, Superstar. One more season
                  in F2 then I'll move you up. To the
                  big time.


                  You don't think I'm ready now?


                  You are! I'm not! I've got to find you
                  a car first. And the money. The
                  economics of Formula 1 are terrifying.


                  Hurry up. You don't want him to do
                  what Lauda did.

     `Pop', HESKETH opens a bottle of champagne...

                            BUBBLES 
                  The Goosestepper. Remember him?

     JAMES makes the chicken noises again..


                  Said he no longer wanted to risk his
                  life with "a bunch of crazy amateurs
                  and losers..."


                  Is that what he called us?










                  Charming!


                  Nothing wrong with being an amateur!


                  Said if he was going to risk his life,
                  he would only do so on the big
                  roulette table. Formula 1. So he got
                  himself a drive with BRM.


                  What? How? He never won a thing! Not a
                  single bloody race.


                  Amateurs are what made this country
                  great.


                  Took out a loan, apparently. Paid for
                  it himself.


                  "In war, as in lovemaking, amateurs
                  are invariably better than
                  professionals." Napoleon Bonaparte.


                  A hundred and fifty grand!


                  A hundred and fifty grand?

     JAMES stares. Already sick with envy.


                  That's either an act of utter lunacy,
                  or the ballsiest thing I ever heard.






     The PAUL RICARD circuit near Marseilles in the South of
     France. Where all winter training and testing is done.

     NIKI arrives. An attractive woman  greets him...


                  Niki Lauda. Here for pre-season
                  testing. BRM?










                  Take a seat, please. I'll get someone
                  to come and collect you...

     NIKI watches as she telephones the BRM workshops...


                  Hi. There's someone here for you?


                      
                  Lauda.


                      (misunderstanding, speaking
                       louder)


     She hangs up. NIKI decides against pointing out her mistake.


                  They'll be right here.


                  Thank you.

     A silence. The RECEPTIONIST continues with her work. NIKI
     watches her, unsure what to say, ...


                  Worked here long?


                  Excuse me?


                  Just wondered if you've worked here
                  long?


                  Almost eight years.


                  That long? And they didn't promote you
                  yet?


                  Yes, several times. I am the AGNES.
                  Agnes Bonnet. If you're looking for
                  the receptionist, she's on her lunch.

     NIKI is thrown. Feels humiliated. A total jerk. He is about to
     say something when the door opens, and...

     Two other F1 DRIVERS walk in..








     Glamorous, long-haired, tanned, fashionable - like rock stars,
     they talk effortlessly and flirt confidently with AGNES.

     What are you doing answering the phones? New haircut! Like it.
     What have you done to the weather?

     They make her laugh. And smile.

     NIKI feels invisible. Embarrassed. Awkward. Inadequate. He
     gets to his feet. And goes to the car that has come to collect
     him.

     As he goes, , AGNES watches him. Ignoring the
     other DRIVERS. Intrigued.

     He's different. Interesting. Intense. Intelligent eyes.




     The car pulls up outside the workshops. NIKI gets out of the
     car, and is greeted by LOUIS STANLEY, and the BRM team...


                Niki, let me introduce you to our
                number 1 driver, Clay Regazzoni..and
                our number 2, Jean Pierre Beltoise..

     The intimidating, muscular, moustachioed figure of CLAY
     REGAZZONI, the Swiss driver. NIKI and CLAY shake hands.


                And these are your mechanics,
                reporting exclusively to you. As per
                contract...

     REGAZZONI, BELTOISE and STANLEY exchange looks as NIKI shakes
     hands, ad-libbed greetings with his MECHANICS.


                You want to see the car?




     NIKI is led into the workshop to see a red and white Marlboro
     sponsored car, number 21, with a tall air-intake duct just
     above the driver's helmet...


                There she is. The P160..


                Same as Regazzoni's?










                  Identical in every detail.

     NIKI scrutinizes the car...


                  She looks heavy. How much does she
                  weigh?


                  540 kilos.


                  That's crazy. Why so heavy..?


                  It's a 3 litre, V12 engine, that thing
                  weighs 190k alone.


                  What horsepower are you getting out of
                  it?





                  Not enough. Needs to be 500 and the
                  engine needs to be 20k lighter.


                  We already tried...


                  Did you use magnesium parts?

     The MECHANICS look at one another skeptically...




     Shooting from above:

     The entire car has been stripped to a thousand pieces. Now
     spread all over the workshop floor.

     NIKI's team of mechanics reluctantly work through the night
     making the adjustments which NIKI is suggesting...


                  Any solid plate, strip it out...

     More disbelieving, skeptical looks. The car is in pieces on
     the floor. NIKI brews coffee to keep people alert. Focused.










                  And when we've done that, we need to
                  look at the aerodynamics. Front and
                  rear wing..

     More mutinous looks. "Who is this asshole?"




     Daylight breaks over the race-track. The doors to the workshop
     open, and the MECHANICS and NIKI emerge - their work done.

     NIKI goes to shake hands with the MECHANICS...


                  OK. Thank you. Good night..

     But they're exhausted. Refuse to shake hands with this nut.




     LATER: one of the BRM cars screams round the race-track...

     NIKI watches on the sidelines as CLAY REGAZZONI is time-
     testing his car. He walks over to where LOUIS STANLEY and
     several MECHANICS are doing the timings...


                  What was his time?


                  Two minutes six seconds.


                  OK. Now put him in my car, and he'll
                  go round under two minutes.


                  Six seconds faster? Impossible.

     NIKI looks up to see AGNES, the attractive TRACK MANAGER again
     on the other side of the track.

     NIKI waves hi. AGNES waves back. Smiles. NIKI raises his
     eyebrow. Surprised.




     REGAZZONI gets into NIKI's car.






     REGAZZONI races round the track at full speed.

     REGAZZONI roars past the finishing line in NIKI's car. LOUIS
     STANLEY looks at the stop watch..

     His expression changes.




     STANLEY comes into the workshop where NIKI and his MECHANICS
     are in conversation, getting changed...


                All right. What did you do to the car?


                That's information I will share with
                you under certain conditions only.

     STANLEY stares, bracing himself..


                Go on...


                A guaranteed place in the team, and a
                paid contract on equal terms with
                Regazzoni for two years.


                Are you crazy? Clay's a senior figure
                in Formula One...you're a rookie. The
                only reason we took you ON was because
                you were paying us.


                Well, as of now, if you want me to
                stay, we rip up the contract. I don't
                pay you a cent.


                It's outrageous.


                Was he quicker in my car? He was,
                wasn't he?

     STANLEY stares...


                Did he go under two minutes?










                      
                  One fifty-six.


                  So have a think, work out your
                  priorities, and get back to me.

     NIKI turns, and goes. STANLEY stares...


                  Not even my WIFE speaks to me like
                  that.




     CLAY REGAZZONI emerges from testing his car. Still amazed by
     the improved performance. Talking to his MECHANICS. In awe.

     He removes his helmet, then stops.

     In the distance he sees NIKI talking to AGNES the attractive
     TRACK MANAGER. They are clearly hitting it off..




     NIKI is in the showers, then getting changed for his date with
     AGNES. He is about to go, when he stops, and sees...

     CLAY REGAZZONI getting undressed, looking at NIKI. CLAY speaks
     English with an Italian accent..


                  I know what you're going to say. That
                  it's none of my business...


                  What?


                  If it's the Track Manager you're
                  taking on your date tonight?

     NIKI immediately becomes defensive...


                  It's none of your business.


                  Okay, but if you want my advice...I'd
                  let this one go. I'm not questioning
                  your taste. She's a great girl.








                            REGAZZONI 
                  But Agnes's last boyfriend was a
                  British Formula 2 driver, who has a
                  reputation for two things. For being a
                  suicidal jerk on the track, and for
                  going all night, and all day
                  afterwards...and all night again in
                  bed. He's an OK driver, but an
                  IMMORTAL fuck, apparently. I don't
                  know about you, but that's not an act
                  I'd like to follow.
                      
                  But if that doesn't bother you...


                  What's his name? The driver?


                  Hunt. James Hunt.

     NIKI stares. Can hardly believe it.


                  See? You share information, I share
                  information.

     CLAY slaps NIKI on his back, and goes into the showers..


                  That's what team-mates are for.


                      
                  Thanks.




     A restaurant in Marseilles. Through the window we can see
     AGNES, the attractive TRACK MANAGER sitting at a table alone.
     Waiting for NIKI.

     Reverse angle to reveal:




     NIKI is sitting in a car across the street. He stares at AGNES
     in the restaurant. Then starts his car, and drives off.








     Easton Neston. Set in 3,300 acres, one of England's great
     country houses. Home to the Fermor-Hesketh family since 1700.

     JAMES and a new GIRLFRIEND drive up the gravel drive in his
     anything but grandiose Mini. It splutters to a stop, just in
     time.

     They are greeted by uniformed STAFF who take his tatty bags
     from his filthy car.




     The Hesketh Racing workshops, situated in the converted
     stables on the estate. HESKETH leads a blindfolded JAMES in...


                Keep them closed...! Wait for it, wait
                for it...

     HESKETH removes JAMES's blindfold...


                There! What do you say?

     JAMES opens his eyes to see a gorgeous F1 racing car, plain
     white, no stickers...


                Isn't she a beauty? The March 731.
                Converted by the brilliant Doc..!

     DOC POSTLETHWAITE takes a modest bow. JAMES shakes hands with
     everyone, including his brother, , PETER..


                She is a beauty. But...haven't you
                made a mistake?


                What?


                That's not a Formula 2 car. She's F1.


                She is, Superstar. Why? Because I got
                together with the beancounters, and it
                turns out that the economics of F1 are
                not so significantly different to the
                economics of Formula 2...

     BUBBLES clears his throat, dutifully bites his tongue..









                  So we thought if we were going to be
                  messing about losing money we might as
                  well be doing it with the big boys.


                  Are you serious?


                  Never been more serious in my life!

     JAMES embraces HESKETH in excitement, kisses him...


                  Actually, I got the idea after what
                  you said about the Austrian chap who
                  bought his way in rather than waste
                  his time in the lower divisions. I
                  thought, "Bloody hell, he's right!"

     JAMES slips into the cockpit...


                  Well done the Goosestepper!!


                      
                  No sponsorship, Superstar! I hope you
                  approve.


                  I do, Patron.


                  No vulgar logos for cigarettes, or
                  condoms. Just plain white. With the
                  Union Jack. And racing overalls which
                  read...

     HESKETH indicates JAMES's hanging racing overalls...


                  "Sex. Breakfast of Champions." Unless
                  it's me, of course, in which case it's
                  two kippers, porridge, boiled eggs,
                  and half a dozen slices of toast...

     Laughter.


                  So when do we start?


                  Soon as you're ready.










                I'm ready now.


                That's my boy!

     HESKETH pops champagne...


                They won't know what's hit them!




     To establish: a Formula 1 race track on Grand Prix week-end..

     A helicopter comes in to land.

     The Hesketh Racing Team makes a grand entrance with a retinue
     of BUTLERS, GIRLS, ROLLS' ROYCE's, oysters, champagne...

     A famous ex-champion TV REPORTER is there 
     providing skeptical commentary about Hesketh's debut...


                ...hard to tell whether Lord Hesketh
                and his team of upper class
                enthusiasts is bringing glamour to the
                racing community, or just comedy...

     They walk around in their own branded clothing. Alexander's
     jacket reads, "Le Patron". He speaks to MOSS.

     Rolled eyes among other racing teams who express surprise,
     curiosity  at these new arrivals..


                It's certainly the first time I can
                remember seeing a butler serving
                caviar and oysters in the pits...

     Suddenly pandemonium breaks out. Screams. Something has
     happened. A bad accident on the track. During testing...


                    
                ...reports are reaching me of a
                serious accident that has just taken
                place in qualifying....

     All smiles fade. The party atmosphere changes in a flash.
     Panic breaks out.

     The sound of sirens. Ambulances rushing to the scene of the
     accident. All the JOURNALISTS and TV CREWS rush off, too.








     HESKETH, BUBBLES and JAMES look at one another, put down their
     champagne glasses, and follow...




     Mangled wreckage. A car has crashed into 
     Armco guard rails, splitting the railing in two...

     The DRIVER has been decapitated. His helmeted HEAD lies
     cleanly severed on the ground...

     A goldfish-bowl of blood.

     It's a horrific accident. People SCREAM and look away. Even
     hardened medical professionals...

     JAMES, HESKETH, BUBBLES arrive on the scene of the accident.
     But they are kept away, at a distance...


                  ...it seems the driver...just twenty-
                  six years old....was killed on
                  impact...and the death toll in Formula
                  1 shows no sign of slowing down...




     JAMES, dressed in his overalls, is violently retching. Sick
     with nerves. A TV plays in the pits...


                  ...in the last five years alone
                  Formula 1 has lost Piers Courage, Jo
                  Siffert, Peter Revson, Jochen Rindt,
                  Francois Cevert, Roger Williamson...

     ON TV: quickfire clips of the terrible, violent deaths.
     BUBBLES hastily switches off the TV as JAMES walks past...




     JAMES walks out of the paddock, towards his car. Other DRIVERS
     gathered in concerned groups, talking...


                  It's terrible.


                  They should cancel the race.

     Then, a distinctive Austrian accent..










                  Why? No one came to see him anyway.
                  He made a mistake. Went into the
                  corner too fast.


                  Is that right? So says the nobody who
                  had to pay for his own drive. How's
                  that working out, by the way?


                  Fine. How's it at the back?


                  Not planning on being there for long.


                  Good. Look forward to you showing me
                  the way today.


                  `Be happy to. I'll have you inside lap
                  one.


                  Yeah right.

     JAMES walks off to his car, shaking his head..


                  Asshole.

     NIKI walks to his car, putting on his helmet.


                  Asshole.
































     NIKI is on the podium, spraying champagne. He is wearing the
     victor's garland...

     Meanwhile: JAMES's car is embarrassingly being brought back by
     a tow-truck. NIKI watches from the podium..

     His eyes meet JAMES's..




     JAMES and BUBBLES and PETER HUNT (JAMES's blazer-wearing
     manager and elder brother), sit together at a table in the
     corner. It's late. A frank post-mortem. Drinking and talking..


                Niki humiliated me today. He lapped me
                three times.


                He lapped Carlos Pace six times.


                That's supposed to console me? What do
                I need to do?


                Grow up.


                Shut up, Moneyman. `Didn't ask you..


                Your brother's right. You've got to
                change your attitude. We all do. And
                match it with a whole different mental
                approach. Professionalism. Maturity.
                Like Niki.


                Bet he doesn't go out every night,
                drink and screw himself stupid.


                So speaks the jealous married man..


                No. So speaks the manager who's
                wasting his time, making ten per cent
                of absolutely nothing.









                  You've just got to take it more
                  seriously. Yourself more seriously.


                  Something he's never done.


                  Don`t patronize me, Pete...


                  We need you to spend less time in bars
                  and nightclubs...


                  Make that NO time...


                  And more time with the mechanics,
                  setting up the car. That's what Lauda
                  does. 24 hours a day.

     JAMES rolls his eyes...


                  God knows there's nothing wrong with
                  your talent. Or courage. It's purely a
                  character issue right now.


                  And the good news is I've got Sigmund
                  Freud Horsely, failed driver par
                  excellence, and a washed-up accountant
                  to lecture me on it.


                      
                  Jesus, James...

     BUBBLES walks off. PETER HUNT walks off. JAMES calls out..


                  Bubbles? I'm sorry..! I didn't mean
                  that! Come back..!
























     The grand Hesketh estate in the Northamptonshire countryside.




     JAMES is in the workshops, his hands and arms filthy, he's
     been working on the car - but now his eyes are closed.
     Memorizing tracks. Around him people are working on the car..


                ....along the Beau Rivage, long left
                into Massenet, into the short right of
                Casino. Sharp right into Mirabeau,
                then sharp left into Loews, mind the
                guard rails...


                Is Alexander around..?

     JAMES opens his eyes to see an endless pair of legs, a drop-
     dead gorgeous figure, and the beautiful smiling face of SUZY
     MILLER, the most successful model of the day.


                He was. Then went to the house to take
                a call. He'll be back shortly.


                Only he wanted to show off his pride
                and joy...

     SUZY indicates the car...


                ...rhymes with `boy' if you ask me.
                And `toy'. I can't believe what I'm
                seeing.


                Why?


                It's just so small! For something that
                costs so much. And so flimsy. There's
                no comfort. No protection. Nothing.


                No. Just a little coffin, surrounded
                by high-octane fuel, being driven
                round at 170 miles per hour..







                            JAMES 
                      
                  To all intents and purposes a bomb. On
                  wheels.


                  Why don't they make it safer?


                  No one wants it to be. It's like
                  saying why not make bullfighting
                  safer? It's a blood sport. The risk of
                  death turns people on. Without it, I
                  guess, it'd be half the fun. Which is
                  fine for the voyeurs, fine for TV,
                  fine for everyone..
                      
                  ...except us drivers.

     SUZY looks JAMES up and down. Sees the bare feet, the rock
     star good looks...


                  You're James, aren't you?


                  Yes.


                  Thought so. You fit the description.
                      
                  Suzy. Friend of Alex's.


                  I know exactly.

     In the background: one of the MECHANICS shows DOC a picture of
     SUZY from a tabloid newspaper. She's clearly the most famous
     model in Britain, and a star in her own right...


                  What was the description?


                  Mostly positive in terms of
                  appearance. Negative only in terms of
                  character. I've been told to avoid
                  you.


                  By whom?


                  Alex. He says you're a bad boy.










                Was. Not any more. New me very
                professional. Early to bed. Early to
                rise. All very dull.


                Really?


                Round-the-clock work, practise and
                focus. Tedious, but apparently the
                only way to vin against ze
                Goosestepper..


                Is that what you were doing when you
                came in?


                Visualization techniques. Memorizing
                the circuit, in this case Monaco,
                which is next up. Eyes closed, know
                your way round in your sleep...
                    
                I know...I've always been a great
                believer in getting there on the day,
                putting the old foot down and playing
                chicken with everyone else.

     SUZY laughs..


                But they don't want me to do that
                anymore...they want my body like a
                temple. My mind like Monk.


                And your soul? Your heart?


                What does that mean?


                You can't be so disciplined in all
                areas of your life, can you..?


                They want me to stop messing around,
                get married and settle down with the
                next nice girl I meet. They think it
                would be good for me.


                What do you think?










                Sounds bloody awful.

     SUZY laughs again...


                But since they're right about most
                things, they're probably right about
                that, too.

     JAMES looks SUZY up and down...


                You don't fancy getting married, do
                you?




     The sound of ringing bells. London's grandest Catholic church
     in the heart of Knightsbridge..






     JAMES and SUZY, top hat and tails, flowing white wedding
     dress, looking ravishing, emerge from the church.

     JAMES and SUZY fall into a passionate, sexy embrace for the
     paparazzi cameras. Loud cheers go up, led by HESKETH and


     They make their way to the waiting convoy of cars...

     On his way: JAMES spots a serious-faced HESKETH and DOC
     POSTLETHWAITE in conversation with some Formula 1 types in the
     crowd..

     SUZY is pulled away for photos. Clearly a bigger star even
     than JAMES. JAMES turns to BUBBLES, indicates HESKETH...


                What's up?


                Nothing. I don't want to ruin your
                day.

     BUBBLES stares, then reluctantly...










                  It seems your revenge against the
                  Goosestepper might have to wait a
                  little longer than you'd hoped.
                      
                  He's just been signed by Ferrari.


                  WHAT??? But that's the best team in
                  the world. They could have ANYONE. Did
                  he pay his way in there, too?


                  Apparently they took back Regazzoni
                  and he insisted they give Lauda a
                  trial. Thinks he's a genius. Setting
                  up the cars...

     JAMES stares...then is pulled away to pose in photographs with
     SUZY and her FAMILY.




     FERRARI's state-of-the-art practise facilities and private
     test-track in Northern Italy.




     Closed circuit television, with 10 cameras and a complex track
     timing system and computers....




     ENZO FERRARI himself, the Commendatore, a formidable white-
     haired patriarch in Onassis dark glasses, reads newspapers,
     sitting by the race tracks, barely looking up as two red
     Ferrari's roar round the track...

     LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO, the young, dynamic, aristocratic manager
     of the Scuderia, by contrast, watches eagle-eyed..




     The two cars stop, and NIKI and CLAY REGAZZONI gets out. NIKI
     talks  to his MECHANIC,
     giving them typically blunt feedback...


                  It's terrible! Drives like a pig!










                 Sssshhh! You can't say that!


                 Why not?


                 It's a Ferrari!


                 I've driven better milk floats. It
                 understeers like crazy and the weight
                 distribution is a disaster...

     The MECHANIC gulps, then walks over to where the terrifying
     COMMENDATORE and LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO are sitting, and passes
     on the information...


                 He says the car is magnificent, a
                 masterpiece, but he has suggestions
                 for one or two minor refinements...




     A large press conference, with motoring JOURNALISTS and
     television CREWS from all over the world attending...

     ENZO FERRARI and LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO addresses the conference
      which is translated by a translator...


                 We are happy to welcome back to the
                 Ferrari family our good friend, Clay
                 Regazzoni...and also to introduce,
                 from Austria Niki Lauda..

     A burst of flash photography. NIKI and REGAZZONI sit side by
     side.




     A car drives fast on country roads in Northern Italy...




     CLAY REGAZZONI is driving, NIKI is in the passenger seat...


                 "Ferrari Family". "Our good friend,
                 Clay Regazzoni".








                            REGAZZONI 
                  You're friend and family to the
                  Commendatore as long as you win. The
                  minute you don't..
                      


                  I understand. It's business. I would
                  be the same.


                  But it isn't just business, is it?
                  What we do? It's passion. Love. Which
                  is why we're prepared to risk our
                  lives for it.


                  Not me. If I thought I had more talent
                  and could earn better money doing
                  something else, I would.


                  But how do you know you will make
                  money here? You haven't yet.


                  Not yet. But I will.
                      
                  If you can, I can.

     REGAZZONI shakes his head, can't help smiling...


                  You know, are you ever NOT an asshole?

     NIKI laughs...


                  Why am I an asshole? You know by now
                  I'm both quicker than you and better
                  at setting up the car. You can't deal
                  with that, then you're the asshole.


                  Screw you.

     REGAZZONI pulls up outside the house...

                            REGAZZONI 
                  I brought you along today because you
                  seem like a lonely kind of guy. I
                  thought if I introduce you to some
                  nice people, it'd be good for you.
                  Forget it. Make your own friends.









     REGAZZONI walks ahead, disappears through the front door,
     where he is warmly welcomed, and invited into a party.

     NIKI calls after him...


                I'm sorry. C'mon, Clay...




     NIKI stares through the window. Inside: a very appealing
     looking bunch - young, good-looking, cool, sexy GUESTS - all
     having a good time..

     By contrast: NIKI catches his own reflection in the glass
     reflection. Pale. Intense. The outsider.

     Inside: REGAZZONI is surrounded by friends, telling a story.
     Everyone laughs.

     NIKI watches. Then turns to walk away. As he goes, the front
     door opens...

     And a beautiful dark-haired woman  emerges loading
     several BAGS into a car. Brunette, tan. Wearing a white dress.


                Are you leaving?


                Yes.


                Can you give me a lift to the nearest
                town? Anywhere with a train station.


                Sure. Nearest town is half an hour's
                drive. Get in.






     The car drives. The radio plays. Marlene sings along. NIKI
     can't help noticing something. He turns down the music.
     MARLENE's smile fades..


                What are you doing?










                  You hear that noise when you
                  accelerate?


                  No.


                  Your drive belt is loose.


                  My what?


                  Alternator. And when you brake, your
                  foot goes all the way down. Means
                  there's air in the system.


                  Anything else?


                  No. Apart from the rear brakes are
                  imbalanced. The front right wheel is
                  flat, and it feels like a crack in the
                  engine block...which explains why
                  you're drifting so much.


                  How can you tell?


                  My ass.


                  What?


                  God gave me an OK mind, but a really
                  good ass, which can feel everything in
                  a car.


                  You don't know what you're talking
                  about. The car is fine. And it just
                  had a service a week ago.


                  Not a good one.


                  A very good one. From a proper garage.
                  It cost a fortune. This car is good as
                  new. Relax.






     White smoke pours from the engine. The car has broken down.
     Bonnet up. NIKI has tried fixing it, but to no avail.

     NIKI has a fan belt in his hand, but it's all but
     disintegrated under the heat of the over-worked engine.

     NIKI's hands are covered in oil. He is pushing a pen into a
     large crack in the engine, slick with oil and grease.


                Nothing I can do here. The car needs a
                garage.


                I'm sorry. You're not in a hurry, are
                you?


                No. As long as I'm back in Maranello
                by Monday morning.

     NIKI walks out into the road. Sticks out his thumb...


                So who are you anyway?

     MARLENE breaks into GERMAN......


                You're from Vienna, aren't you. We can
                speak German. How do you know Curd?


                Who's Curd?


                Curd Jurgens. The actor. It's his
                house. He is, or was until yesterday,
                my boyfriend. I must have been mad!
                There is something very attractive
                about an older man when they behave
                like one. But when they behave like a
                frightened child..

     MARLENE gets to her feet...


                C'mon, let me do this. Otherwise we'll
                never get out of here. We're in Italy,
                after all.

     MARLENE indicates that NIKI should take a back seat, hitches
     up her skirt, showing long, tanned legs..










     Immediately a passing car screeches to a halt, then reverses
     noisily to pull level. MARLENE smiles at NIKI...


                  Not bad, eh? Three seconds. Admit it,
                  you're impressed..!

     MARLENE smiles flirtatiously at the handsome, young Italian
     MEN driving the open-topped sports car..


                  Ciao, Regazzi...!

     But the Italian MEN walk right past her, not seeing her, as if
     she's invisible, and stare at NIKI...


                      
                  Excuse me...are you Niki Lauda?


                  Yes.


                      
                  Oh, my God...!!! I told you it was
                  him..!!!
                      
                  Do you need a ride?


                  Yes, we do...

     The ITALIAN MAN gestures to his car, as his friend loads
     MARLENE's luggage inside...


                  An honour, please!!! But on one
                  condition..

     The ITALIAN MAN whisper in NIKI's ear. MARLENE stares, not
     understanding, as NIKI protests, but then slowly, reluctantly
     gets into the car. He starts the engine.

     MARLENE watches as the ITALIAN MEN strap themselves in with
     the seat-belts, tightening them...giggling like schoolboys..


                  Will someone please tell me what's
                  going on?

     MARLENE turns to NIKI...










                Who are you, anyway? What do you DO?


                You don't know? He's a Formula I
                driver. Who just signed for Ferrari!


                Him? Never. Impossible!


                Why?


                Formula 1 drivers have long hair, are
                sexy, have shirts open to here..

     MARLENE indicates...


                Anyway, look at the way he's driving!!
                Like an old man!!

     It's true. NIKI is driving in the slow lane. Like a pensioner.


                No need to drive fast. It only
                increases the percentage of risk.
                We're not in a hurry. No one is paying
                me. Right now, with zero incentive or
                reward, why would I drive fast?

     MARLENE looks at him with her dark green eyes...


                    
                Because I'm asking you to.


                    
                And do you always get what you want?


                    
                Usually.

     NIKI stares, trying to resist...but cannot. He does a
     lightning double-declutch...

     "SLAM", NIKI's foot hits the floor, the engine screams, the
     rev counter flies to the right...

     And the open-topped sports car lurches into warp-drive...









     MARLENE is thrown back hard in her seat, "Jesus", her eyes
     widen in terror and amazement..


                Oh, my God...!!

     The ITALIAN MEN scream in excitement, holding on for dear life
     as NIKI, his heart not a beat over 60, takes the car to
     breaking point, in a way it's never been driven before...

     NIKI overtakes everyone on the motorway, fearlessly weaving
     between cars at twice their speed..

     We CLOSE on NIKI's eyes, remaining dead calm as his passengers
     scream all around him, as he accelerates through the other
     cars on the motorway...

     His EYES remain calm, his WHEELS a blur of speed, and we...






     Calm EYES, and WHEELS moving in a blur of speed. We're in the
     middle of a Grand Prix, and NIKI is driving at the limit...



     Ahead of him: a familiar sight. The back of JAMES HUNT's
     Hesketh..




     MARLENE watches on TV in the pits as NIKI is engaged in an
     epic tussle with JAMES...

     Commentators note the improvement in JAMES's technique,
     maturity and performance. But then, "Puff", a plume of smoke
     comes out of JAMES's engine. The engine has blown...

     Immediately JAMES loses speed, and NIKI sails past, overtaking
     effortlessly. Taking the chequered flag.

     Television commentary in various languages tells us: NIKI
     LAUDA has become world champion...




     NIKI's car pulls in, to be mobbed by jubilant MECHANICS as he
     gets out of his car, removing his helmet, embraced by a
     delighted LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO...









     ...then falling into a passionate kiss with MARLENE...

     Champion of the World, he is immediately swallowed up by
     REPORTERS who are demanding interviews in Italian, German,
     English...




     An impromptu party in the paddock area. The victor's garland
     still round his neck, proudly holding the FIA World Champion
     trophy, his hair matted with champagne, NIKI passes through
     the crowds, accepting everyone's congratulations..

     He runs into JAMES, who's in bare feet as usual. MARLENE is
     pulled away to talk to someone else..


                  Congratulations.


                  Thank you.


                  Though with a car like that, the rest
                  of us never stood a chance...


                  Maybe the fact the car is so good
                  might have something to do with me.


                  You're still in a Ferrari. And I'm
                  still in a Hesketh. On equal terms,
                  the way it was in Formula 3, I'd beat
                  you, and you know it.


                  Never. You might get lucky and win one
                  race. Maybe two. Because you're
                  aggressive. But in the long run, over
                  the course of a season, no chance.


                  Why's that?


                  Because you're not serious. You're
                  just a party guy. Which is why
                  everyone likes you.


                  Now try saying that and tell me you're
                  not jealous.










                  But all that affection, all those
                  smiles is also a sign of their
                  disrespect! They don't fear you.
                  Whereas compare that to me...


                  Whom no one likes...


                  Right..


                  Not even his own team-mates..


                  Right! Because I'm relentless. I don't
                  screw up. I go to bed early. I look
                  after myself, look after my car. And
                  then, soon as the race is finished, I
                  go home. You should go home more
                  often, too. I heard you got married.


                  I did.


                  So where is she?


                  In New York. Working.


                  You know I've never seen you with her,
                  once...

     NIKI turns to MARLENE, "Let's go"..




     JAMES's Mini roars furiously up the long gravel driveway
     towards Easton Neston. Screeches to a halt.

     JAMES gets out of the car. Is greeted by staff, whom he
     uncharacteristically ignores, storming past...




     JAMES walks into the workshops where BUBBLES HORSLEY is busy
     doing something...










                  Right, whatever it takes to beat
                  Lauda, just say it, your word is my
                  command. I'll do it. There are no
                  lengths to which I will not go. And I
                  mean it this time...

     JAMES stops, noticing BUBBLES's expression...


                  What's the matter?

     Then JAMES notices what BUBBLES is doing. He's packing.


                  What are you doing?

     Then JAMES notices the lack of activity in the workshops. None
     of the usual mechanics, or engineers..


                  Where is everyone?

     BUBBLES looks up. Unsure how to break it to him.




     An old drawing-room. The open fire roars. But HESKETH is
     uncharacteristically quiet. Defeated..


                  Do you know what the date is today?


                  November 14th.


                  Do you have any idea of the
                  significance of that date?


                  I'm assuming it refers to some animal
                  you are allowed or no longer allowed
                  to slaughter on your estate.


                  Actually it's the deadline for
                  securing sponsorship for the
                  forthcoming Formula 1 season.
                      
                  Which elapsed at midnight last night.
                  And we didn't attract any.










                  So? We aren't looking for sponsorship.
                  Condoms and cigarettes. Vulgar, right?


                  Right. Except we are. Or were. I've
                  made something of a miscalculation.
                  The economics. Formula 1. Reality
                  thereof. Turns out not like the lower
                  divisions at all.


                  What are you saying?


                  I'm saying it's over, Superstar. The
                  banks have stepped in. Read me the
                  riot act. Started laying everyone off.
                  Probably have to sell this place. Fun
                  while it lasted, would do it all again
                  and all that...
                      
                  I daren't tell you the actual figures.

     JAMES stares at a devastated HESKETH...


                  Christ.




     JAMES is on the phone to his brother PETER, while playing
     Scale-electrix cars on a track alone, barefoot...


                  I need a drive, Pete. Need you to find
                  me a drive.
                      
                  What does that mean? "My reputation
                  precedes me?"

     "Crash", the electric toy car crashes...


                      
                  Really? Is that what they said?
                      
                  Did they at least say a "Quick
                  arsehole?"
                      
                  Bollocks to Lotus. Find me someone
                  else. I'll go mad otherwise.

     "Click", JAMES hangs up. SUZY walks in. Sees his mood..









                  Don't worry. Something will turn up.

     JAMES opens a bottle of Scotch, pours himself a drink...


                  But I doubt that will help in the
                  meantime.

     JAMES knocks back the drink...


                  Why don't we go away for the week-end?
                  Before I leave again for New York?

     JAMES carries on drinking..


                  Talk to me, James. Don't make a
                  stranger of me.

     JAMES doesn't react...


                  I can't watch this.

     SUZY picks up her coat, and bag..


                  What were you hoping for? A well-
                  adjusted knight in shining armour?


                  No danger of that....


                  Let me give you some advice.


                  I'm all ears...


                  Don't go to men who are willing to
                  kill themselves driving in circles
                  looking for normality.


                  Well, I certainly didn't get that...


                  Should have gone for one of my
                  brothers.










                There goes that self-pity again.
                How striking it is -


                What's that? Tell me..


                The gulf between appearance and
                reality. Look at you, all sunshine
                blonde beauty and smiles...yet the
                reality is...a frightened, immature,
                depressed, self-pitying child...


                At least there's SOMETHING behind the
                facade.


                With a nasty temper..


                Fuck off to New York, dear. There must
                be a moisturizer or eye shadow
                somewhere that needs your vapid mush
                to flog it.


                How quickly beauty can turn ugly.


                Agreed. Repellent.

     SUZY stares...and goes. JAMES carries on drinking.








     The following morning. The phone rings. Piercing the darkness.
     JAMES, clearly the worse for wear, is talking to his beloved
     budgies...


                Good girl...

     A surprising vulnerability, and childlike innocence about
     JAMES. He strokes the birds with real tenderness..

     The phone continues ringing. JAMES picks it up...










                  Hello?

     JAMES listens, then hears something on the phone that makes
     him sit up...


                  Who? McLaren?

     JAMES is waking rapidly now..


                  Just get me in a room with them, Pete.
                  Say anything. Today? Yes, I can do
                  today.
                      
                  I can be there in an hour.

     JAMES starts scribbling down the address.




     The headquarters of McLaren Racing in Colnbrook, Bucks.

     A small, unassuming building on the Poyle Trading Estate. Bare
     brickwork surrounds a brash yellow facade, with the words
     `MCLAREN RACING' in large white letters.




     A large boardroom. Team Director TEDDY MAYER (American, from
     Pennsylvania, short, lawyerly, 50's - hair turning grey) sits
     at the head of the table.

     Next to him is Aussie Marlboro spokesman JOHN HOGAN and
     McLaren Team Manager and chief mechanic ALASTAIR CALDWELL.

     The atmosphere is tense, uncomfortable...


                  I'll come straight to the point. Our
                  esteemed lead driver...


                  Fitti-fucking-paldi..


                  Has ditched us for another team at the
                  last minute..


                  In November. Fucking outrageous.










                  And we need a replacement. Asap.
                  Thankfully a few hands have already
                  gone up. Good people...


                  Like Jackie Ickx.


                  I'm quicker than Jackie.


                  But he's consistent, dependable.
                  Sponsor friendly. He'll dress up nice.
                  Say the right things.


                  What do you want? A driver or a
                  brushes salesman?


                  We want to be successful.


                  So do I. But I measure that in podium
                  finishes and beating Niki Lauda not
                  being a show pony for sponsors.


                  I've heard about this thing with
                  Lauda.


                      
                  Everyone has..


                  You really think you can beat him?
                  He's World Champion.


                  I beat him in Formula 3.


                  This season alone he's had eight
                  podiums, five wins, you've had what?


                  One.


                  Only because I've been in the wrong
                  car. I beat him when the playing field
                  was level. I'd beat him again in a
                  McLaren.







                          JAMES 
                It's the only car out there as good as
                the Ferrari. Which is why I'm here,
                begging.

     JAMES stares imploringly..


                I'll do whatever you ask. Even put on
                a suit, talk to sponsors and say the
                right thing. I promise.
                    
                Just give me the drive...

     CALDWELL, HOGAN and MAYER look at one another...














     Various shots, to establish. South Africa in the apartheid
     era. We notice black race FANS unable to get into the track..




                ...welcome to the Kyalami Racetrack
                where the big news is..




     Crowds flood to the spectator stands. The pit lane stretches
     into the distance, filled with cars, drivers and mechanics...


                ...that Britain's James Hunt in his
                first race for Mclaren has qualified
                fastest, beating Niki Lauda's Ferrari
                to pole by two hundredths of a second.
                In the crowds to watch the race none
                other than movie stars Richard Burton
                and Liz Taylor...

     We pick out RICHARD BURTON and LIZ TAYLOR waving to screaming







   NIKI and JAMES's cars lined up in positions 1 and 2 on the
   starting grid. JAMES proudly indicates to NIKI...


               New car.


               I noticed.


               Pole position.


               I noticed that, too.


               Level playing field now, my ratty
               little friend.


               Let's see where we are at the end of
               lap one.

   NIKI calls after JAMES as he walks to his car...


               Let's see where we are in six races
               time!!

   JAMES turns, makes a ratty face at NIKI. Protruding teeth.




   RICHARD BURTON and LIZ TAYLOR are shown into the VIP area of
   the paddock. They take their seats.


                   
               Will this take very long?

   An OFFICIAL introduces BURTON to various people - among them



               Richard Burton...Suzy Miller, also
               known as Mrs. James Hunt.


               Who?

   There it is. The deep, dark, sonorous Welsh baritone
   voice...scarred by alcohol and cigarettes...









                  James Hunt. One of the racers.


                  Forgive me. Richard.
                      
                  Also known as Mr. Elizabeth Taylor.

   He indicates LIZ who is deeply bored..


                  What does a girl have to do to get a
                  drink around here?

   SUZY smiles. Their eyes meet. And no eyes are more beautiful
   than SUZY's. An immediate connection between them.

   Their hands hold a fraction too long as they shake...








   NIKI's car roars past the finishing line first. JAMES closely
   behind...






   JAMES and NIKI are on the podium together...


                  My car wasn't right today. Next time
                  I'll have you..


                  Yeah, yeah...










   JAMES's car takes the chequered flag, finishing first!!!






   In the pits: TEDDY MAYER, ALASTAIR CALDWELL and JOHN HOGAN
   leap to their feet in delight. Punching the air. Victory..






   Afterwards: JAMES and NIKI are on the podium together...


               What did I tell you? Car fixed. Equal
               terms. You'd better get used to this.

   JAMES walks off, to celebrate with the McLaren team...

   NIKI stares darkly - threatened - watching JAMES go..

   ...then goes to talk to LUCA DE MONTEZEMOLO and the FERRARI
   team.






   A huge furore as several OFFICIALS and FERRARI TEAM MEMBERS,
   and TV CREWS surround JAMES's car...

   Raised voices debating the width of the car, HUNT furious,
   people almost coming to blows...


               The car is too wide..


               Five eighths of an inch..!


               Which makes it illegal! If you want to
               compete, you have to change it.


               What? You can't just `change it'. That
               means rebuilding the car. Who lodged
               the complaint? It was Ferrari, wasn't
               it?

   The two rival PIT CREWS, , scream abuse
   at one another in Italian and English - a highly charged and
   explosive atmosphere....










   NIKI watches from the inside of the FERRARI TRAILER.




   The McLaren MECHANICS, supervised by Alastair Caldwell, are
   making adjustments to the car to make it `legal'..


                 ...we have to move the wing forward.
                 To make it legal...


                 But that'll have a knock-on effect on
                 the oil coolers..

   JAMES watches - already fearing the worst - as the car is
   stripped down, effectively being rebuilt...







   "BANG", JAMES's car shudders violently, the wheels shake as
   the drive shaft snaps...






   "BOOM", a loud explosion. A thick plume of black smoke billows
   from the engine...


                 No! No! No!






   "CRASH" - JAMES spins out...and a tyre bounces along the
   track...JAMES's car has crashed into a wall...


                 I can't stand it...

   The tyre continues bouncing, people diving out of it's path,
   before the tyre finally smashes into a hot-dog stand...
















   JAMES storms back into the pits, screaming at MAYER, CALDWELL
   and the MECHANICS...


                 What's happened? What have you DONE??
                 The car's evil! It's undriveable..!






   Later: the victorious NIKI, wearing the garland, is all
   smiles, giving `winner' interviews, surrounded by MARLENE and
   a delighted LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO.

   JAMES is also giving interviews, but in a total fury.
   Vibrating with anger. Still complaining about the
   disqualification. Complaining about a conspiracy. Complaining.

   NIKI finishes talking to JOURNALISTS, and walks off, through
   crowds, and bumps into JAMES..


                 So...six races in. How's it going so
                 far?


                 Fine! Just got a little problem with a
                 bad loser rat and his team of Italian
                 saboteurs who've destroyed my car.


                 What are you talking about?


                 I won that race in Spain. And you know
                 it.


                 In an illegal car.


                 The aerofoil was five eighths of an
                 inch too long!! Something that doesn't
                 have the slightest effect on car
                 speed. You complained. Now we've had
                 to totally rebuild the car and it's
                 become a monster.










                 At least it's a LEGAL monster.


                 A car that was beating you week in
                 week out, so you have to resort to
                 this. Cheating.


                 He drives in an illegal car and he
                 calls ME the cheat? Let me tell you:
                 two weeks before that race in Spain,
                 we put 20-inch rims on the rear
                 wheels. We get an extra half second
                 speed on each lap!! But the Old Man
                 tells me we can't use those rims, they
                 make the car too wide. Against the
                 rules. So we go back to 19-inch rims
                 making the car slower again. Rules are
                 rules. For all of us. You're just a
                 bad loser who can't accept that.
                     
                 Komm, he's crazy. Sick in the head.

   NIKI turns to MARLENE, speaks in German...


                 Den Trottel lassen wir alleine..
                     (Let's go. Leave this jerk
                      alone.)
                 No wonder she left him...

   NIKI and MARLENE go. JAMES is left staring. Not understanding.




   JAMES walks into the crowded MCLAREN pits. Sees TEDDY MAYER
   and ALASTAIR CALDWELL...


                 Is there something I should know about
                 Suzy? Where is she? Wasn't she
                 supposed to be here today?

   CALDWELL nervously indicates the Sunday newspapers...


                 We kept it from you. Didn't want to
                 tell you before the race...

   JAMES looks at the newspapers, then his expression changes.









   Lurid headlines about SUZY HUNT in New York with RICHARD
   BURTON. Pictures all over the front pages of RICHARD BURTON,
   ELIZABETH TAYLOR, SUZY and JAMES. JAMES's face falls..


                 Jesus.




   A jumbo jet roars down the runway and takes off...






   The unmistakable skyline. Among the ten thousand craggy
   rooftops and skyscrapers...

   A grand, five-star hotel overlooking Central Park in
   Manhattan's mid-town district...




   A huge collection of paparazzi SNAPPERS and Journalist HACKS
   is camped outside the hotel.

   Immediately a surge of activity, "Here he is"...

   A burst of flashlights and a volley of questions from the
   JOURNALISTS as JAMES - gets out of the taxi and runs the
   gauntlet of humiliation...

   ...into the hotel..








   A large hotel suite. There are flowers everywhere. Newspapers
   are all over the table.

   JAMES sits opposite SUZY. He sees an expensive gift; recently
   opened. A diamond necklace..


                 That from him?

   SUZY nods. Even the uninitiated eye can tell: it's worth a
   fortune.









                 Why have you come here, James?


                 To get you back.


                 You don't want me back...you never
                 wanted to be married in the first
                 place. You did it because you hoped it
                 might change you...settle you down...
                 help with the racing. Not because you
                 loved me. And who knows, if it had
                 been just the drinking, or the dope,
                 or the infidelity, or the moods...it
                 might even have worked...but when it's
                 all of them?


                 I know. I'm terrible.


                 No, you're not terrible. You're
                 just...who you are...at this point in
                 your life. And God help anyone that
                 wants more.


                 Will he be able to give you more? He
                 has quite the bad boy reputation
                 himself.


                 What's important is how it feels to
                 me. And it feels like he adores me.

   A flicker behind JAMES's eyes. Failure.


                 Right.


                 He's aware of the delicacy of the
                 situation, and how it looks. Having
                 raided your larder. Plundered your
                 safe. Smash and grab, and so forth. So
                 he's assured me he'll take care of the
                 financial side. And will be very
                 generous.

   JAMES manages a brave smile.


                 Fine. I'll give him a call.










               No. His lawyers will contact you.

   JAMES notices the vast unmade bed. Where, until recently, two
   people had slept.




   JAMES emerges from the hotel - into the storm of paparazzi
   again. He manages a brave smile...


               It's all very amicable. My wife has
               found herself a new backer...I mean
               lover...which makes her happy..
                   
               Mr. Burton has found a way of feeling
               young again...let's hope his pockets
               are deep...they'll need to be...
                   
               And I've found a way to be single
               again without it costing me a penny,
               which has to go down as the biggest
               win of my career.

   Laughter from the JOURNALISTS who are hungrily writing down
   the copy. But JAMES's hollow smile fools no one...




   JAMES sits alone in the first class section. A loser on the
   track, and a loser in love, too. Being played out in the full
   glare of publicity. On the front pages. Being read by everyone
   on the plane.

   A STEWARDESS looks over, catches his eye. Smiles.




   JAMES and the STEWARDESS fucking. Hard.

   Nothing to do with pleasure. An analgesic - a way of blocking
   out the pain. JAMES catches his own reflection in the mirror.
   Teeth clenched. Eyes burning with anger and self-loathing...

   OVER THIS: we fade in the ROAR of car engines...




   JAMES's teeth still clenched. Eyes still burning with anger.
   Driving flat out. At the limit.








   Suzy's words still ringing in his ears.

   Make that beyond the limit. At the point of no return. The car
   shaking. Weaving recklessly through other cars...

   Where death has become a real option.

   Because he doesn't care anymore. Because it's all he deserves
   anyway...

   And in that moment, in reaching his lowest point, JAMES has
   unwittingly stumbled on the one thing that gives him an
   advantage over everyone else...

   The fact that he doesn't care. The fact that death has become
   an option. The fact that there is no risk he is not prepared
   to take...

   So every corner is tighter, every braking point later, every
   gap is an opening, no matter how tiny...




   The chequered flag waves as JAMES's car roars across the
   finish line...

   JAMES screams with released rage....

   CAPTION: "RACE 7. HUNT WINS. LAUDA's ENGINE BLOWS UP"




   Afterwards: TEDDY MAYER, ALASTAIR CALDWELL and JOHN HOGAN
   celebrate in delight...cheering...






   NIKI's car is pursued by JAMES's. They disappear behind a
   copse of trees. Out of sight.

   When they re-emerge, JAMES is ahead of NIKI, having overtaken
   him - to the delight of the partisan crowd.

   The chequered flag waves again as JAMES's car roars across the
   finish line...

   CAPTION: "RACE 8. HUNT WINS. LAUDA 2nd."

   JAMES screams in catharsis and triumph. Teeth clenched. Eyes
   wide and staring with concentration.








   We notice SCREAMING GIRL FANS cheering him now.






   A blazer-wearing FIA OFFICIAL addresses a room full of sports
   and motoring JOURNALISTS, TV CREWS, etc...


                 Following an inquiry into the
                 disqualification of driver James Hunt
                 from the Spanish Grand Prix, it has
                 been decided to overturn this
                 disqualification...and to restore his
                 victory, and reinstate his points..




   JAMES, TEDDY MAYER, ALASTAIR CALDWELL, and all the MECHANICS
   are watching on TV...

   Huge celebrations. Cheering and whooping. SCREAMING GIRLS.






   A crowded PRESS room. In opposite corners of the room, JAMES
   and NIKI are giving interviews to different PRESS and TV
   journalists. Stirling Moss is talking to JAMES...


                 ...James, a few weeks ago, you were
                 out of the running for this season
                 completely, now you're right back in
                 it. What's changed...?

   Screaming GIRLS in the background, shouting "James, we love
   you." JAMES stares across the room at NIKI...


                 A combination of factors, not all of
                 which I'm prepared to discuss here.
                 Justice being done re: the
                 disqualification in Spain helps, and
                 having my old car back of course...

   In the other corner: NIKI is doing his interviews in German,
   ...










                 Mathematically in theory it's now
                 possible for Hunt to catch you. Are
                 you worried?


                 Not at all. For him to catch me, he'd
                 have to win all the remaining races,
                 and I'd have to lose them. And pigs
                 would have to fly.

   Laughter among the confident GERMANS.


                 Now if you'll excuse me, I have a
                 private family matter to attend to.

   NIKI takes MARLENE's hand, and leads her away.




   To establish: the Viennese skyline.




   NIKI and MARLENE get married. In stark contrast to JAMES's
   wedding...it's a small, intimate affair. Modest. Not showy.
   Away from the cameras. Just them. And a witness from the pub.




   A small aeroplane takes off...




   NIKI and an INSTRUCTOR are in the plane. In the cockpit. With
   MARLENE, who watches...

   NIKI is learning to fly.

   MARLENE watches as NIKI soaks up the instruction, asking
   questions, happy. It's another side to him, completely.




   NIKI and MARLENE in a pool. In Ibiza. Playing. Laughing.
   Honeymooning.

   Then NIKI's expression changes. His smile fades.






   MARLENE is fast asleep. She wakes, to discover the bed is
   empty beside her..




   MARLENE walks through the house, looking for NIKI. Then finds
   him on a balcony...alone..


               Come to bed.

   MARLENE notices his mood. It's different.


               What's the matter?


               It's the enemy, you know. Happiness.

   NIKI looks up at MARLENE...


               It weakens you. Puts doubt in your
               mind. Because all of a sudden you have
               something to lose..

   MARLENE stares at him.


               When you call happiness an enemy, then
               it's too late.
                   
               Then you have lost already.

   MARLENE turns, and goes..

   NIKI is left alone. We can tell from his expression, he is
   struggling with something for the first time. Fear.




   The notoriously difficult and treacherous German race track.

   Testing is underway. A CAR 
   skids, and crashes violently.






   AMBULANCES arrive. The Driver is badly hurt. Screaming in
   pain. His leg is crushed. Bone is sticking out. A brutal
   compound fracture. He is taken away.




   In the pits, everyone is shaken. JAMES, REGAZZONI, and other
   DRIVERS nervously talk among themselves as the Ambulance races
   past.

   NIKI's face: visibly pale. More frightened than ever.




   Race-day. Huge crowds arrive at the Nurburgring. And rain.
   Heavy rain falling.

   Television commentary informs us about the Nurburgring's
   terrible reputation as a `graveyard' track.




   JAMES arrives at the race track, to find ALASTAIR CALDWELL
   waiting for him, a concerned look on his face...


               We've just been told, a driver's
               meeting has been called.


               Who by?


               Niki.

   JAMES's face. Instantly suspicious.




   About sixty people, (26 DRIVERS and all the different team
   REPRESENTATIVES), are assembled in the room, where a blazered
   FIA OFFICIAL and a member of the DRIVERS SAFETY COMMITTEE are
   sitting behind a table...

   A buzz of anticipation and curiosity. What's going on? What is
   all this about? NIKI gets to his feet, raises his hands
   calling for silence...










                 Thank you. I called this meeting
                 because as all drivers know the
                 Nurburgring is a race track from the
                 Stone Ages. The most stupid, barbaric,
                 outdated, dangerous, track in the
                 world. You've all seen the rain which
                 has been falling this morning. Those
                 of you with experience know the Ring
                 needs perfect conditions to be even
                 remotely acceptable in terms of risk.
                 As you can see today is anything BUT
                 perfect, so I called this meeting to
                 take a vote to cancel the race.

   A ripple of astonished reactions among the drivers..


                 There would be no change to the
                 situation as far as points is
                 concerned. The race would simply be
                 cancelled.

   TEDDY MAYER looks over at FERRARI representatives....


                 This is bullshit...

   Another DRIVER  gets to his feet...


                 If the race is cancelled, none of us
                 get our race fees...


                 It's true. You leave without your fee,
                 but you might leave with your LIFE.

   Another voice pierces the controversy...


                 It also means you would effectively
                 win the championship.

   It's JAMES HUNT, who is standing up...


                 So I can see why this suits you just
                 fine.


                 Why? There would be no points for me
                 either...










               But there would be one race less where
               I, or anyone else, could catch you.

   Uproar in the room...


               James is right! This is just tactics!


               Ferrari's dirty tricks! We've seen it
               before!


               Maybe it's just that he's frightened?

   Laughter among the DRIVERS...


               Which asshole said this?

   Silence. No hand goes up. No one has the courage to own up.


               Yes, I am frightened. Always a little
               bit when I race. I accept every time I
               get in my car there is 20% chance that
               I could die. But not one per cent
               more. And today, with the rain the
               risk IS more. How dare you accuse me
               of lack of courage? Let me remind you.
               I have the track record here. I am the
               only person in history to do the Ring
               in under 7 minutes. So actually it's
               to my ADVANTAGE to race here today.
               Because I'm quicker than all of you.

   A stunned silence. One voice pierces the room...


               Fine. Then let's race!

   It's JAMES who stares at NIKI: a ripple of excitement and
   enthusiasm among the other drivers...


               There's a hundred thousand fans out
               there who would never forgive us if we
               didn't.


               And some of us need our race fees!!










               All those in favour of cancelling the
               race?

   NIKI puts his hand up. One or two other racers, too...


               All those in favour of racing?

   JAMES puts his hand up. Clearly the more popular, charismatic
   figure among the DRIVERS, everyone else follows.


               Gentlemen, start your engines!!

   A clear victory for JAMES. He has swung the room.

   Everyone leaves the room. JAMES and TEDDY MAYER give one
   another a discreet hi-five...

   But we rack focus through the crowd to see NIKI staring at
   JAMES accusingly...holding his gaze.




   "RRRROAAAR", an explosion of noise, as we widen and find
   ourselves on the starting grid of the German Grand Prix.

   An OFFICIAL walks through the cars holding aloft a sign, "One
   Minute"...

   Deafening, angry thunder, as cars rev their engines.




   A pupil dilates and contracts in the light. The eye stares.
   Blinks. Thinks. Making evaluations..




   This time the eye belongs to JAMES. He stares up at the
   clouds.

   His eyelids flicker. Thinking. Agonizing. Wrestling with an
   all important decision...

   Is it going to carry on raining? Or become dry?

   ALASTAIR CALDWELL comes up to JAMES, and shouts above the
   noise - no time to plug his headset in...










                 Jochen's going on slicks. You want to
                 change?

   JAMES looks in his wing-mirror back to his colleague, JOCHEN
   MASS's car, number 12, several rows behind him.

   White helmet. A team of Mclaren MECHANICS hastily changing the
   tyres to bald, dry tyres - . Then JAMES looks over
   at the car beside him...


                 Has Niki changed?


                 No. He's going on wets.

   NIKI's car: surrounded by Italian Ferrari MECHANICS.


                 Then we go on wets, too.

   JAMES pulls down his visor...as he and NIKI's eyes meet for a
   split-second, then...

   The STARTER waves the flag. They're off!

   JAMES's foot hits the floor - his engine screams at almost
   9,000 rpms, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd. The
   car is catapaulted forward, the wheel-spin leaving livid black
   scars on the asphalt..

   JAMES and NIKI both make good starts, and are neck and neck,
   but within seconds there's a McLaren right behind them,
   gaining fast.

   JAMES realizes it's his team-mate, JOCHEN MASS in a white
   helmet. Number 12. On his slick tyres.

   MASS was right to gamble on the track drying out. JAMES curses
   under his breath...


                 Shit...!

   JAMES screwed up. Made the wrong decision. He urgently needs
   to change tyres. With barely one lap completed...

   He swerves angrily into the pits..






   Commentary from all the world's TV stations explaining the
   crazy, panicked situation as JAMES comes into the pits to
   change to dry tyres.

   The McLaren team frantically changes the tyres. Four men with
   air guns, two men with rapid-duty jacks.

   ALASTAIR CALDWELL appears, talks to JAMES..


               See? I told you to go on slicks!! You
               didn't take my advice...


               Shut up! Where's Niki?


               Behind you! He made the same mistake!

   JAMES looks in his mirror to see NIKI's red helmet behind him
   in the pits, then...

   "Thump", new  tyres hit the tarmac. JAMES gets the
   signal, `Clear!'


               Go! Go!! Go!!

   JAMES's foot hits the floor. He roars out, with new tyres,
   leaving NIKI behind him in the pits...




   Archive commentary: from the world's TV stations informs us
   that JAMES roars up into 3rd position..




   JAMES gives it everything he's got. Tearing through the gears,
   breaking as late as he can, engine screaming.

   The world flies past in a blur. The steering wheel shakes. The
   car cannot be driven any harder. No thought for safety. No
   thought of failure..

   Failure is unimaginable. Unconscionable.

   He turns into the final straight, then stops when he sees
   something ahead.









   Flags. Red flags. RACE MARSHALLS. Something has clearly
   happened. An accident..

   The race is being stopped. JAMES brakes, slowing down. He
   pulls level with a uniformed MARSHALL..


                 What's up?


                 Accident. Bad one.


                 Who?


                 We don't know yet.




   NIKI's POV: a continuation of the opening scene. Burning smoke
   fills NIKI's helmet, burning his lungs. He cries out in agony.




   We can just make out the barely recognizable figures of the
   other DRIVERS rushing towards him, as their hands get burnt in
   the flames as they try unsuccessfully to undo his seatbelt...

   We notice it is the same DRIVERS that were critical of NIKI in
   the driver's meeting. HARALD ERTL, BRETT LUNGER, ARTURO


   Fire extinguishers blast at the car. Covering NIKI's helmet.
   Filling his lungs with chemicals, along with the smoke and
   fumes, blurring his vision, as he screams horribly..

   The sound of panicked TV COMMENTARY in different languages.
   Screaming voices. Panicked reactions.

   Then sound fades. As NIKI blacks out - losing consciousness.



   OVER THIS: the hypnotic sound of helicopter blades...


                 August 1st, 1976, I discovered comas
                 exist for a reason.






   NIKI's POV: the door to a helicopter opens, as it arrives at
   Mannheim University Hospital...

   The sound of shouting voices. Hospital STAFF pull reach
   towards NIKI, pull his stretcher out.

   NIKI's internal voice groans: cries out at the pain.


               Some things are better not remembered.




   "Crash", doors burst open and NIKI is rushed into emergency.
   Neon ceiling lights pass overhead...

   The sound of difficult breathing.

   His stretcher is surrounded by DOCTORS, talking urgently,
   making quick assessments..

   NIKI's POV: fading in and out of consciousness.

   Bursts of concerned, urgent, overlapping dialogue among the
   German DOCTORS which NIKI can barely make out..




   Two narrow, barely open slits of light. NIKI's swollen eye-
   lids. NIKI's POV: barely making out MARLENE standing beside
   the senior burns specialist DOCTOR. NIKI hears voices...


               It's not the burns to his face that
               are the danger. It's the burns to his
               lungs. His blood oxygen level is
               currently...





               Which is not enough to maintain
               life...

   NIKI slips out of consciousness again. MARLENE is distraught,
   in tears.










   TV news: giving the latest information on NIKI's condition.




   JAMES sits watching the news on TV in his apartment, while
   feeding his budgerigars, ..

   He feels terrible. He goes to his desk, pulls out paper and
   pen...

   JAMES tries to find the right words, tries to write, tries to
   put his feelings on paper, but words in general, and letters
   in particular have never been his thing...

   JAMES scrunches up the pieces of paper, throws it away. The
   budgerigars, sensing his distress, flutter and peep..




   NIKI's P.O.V: feels someone touching his forehead and his
   hands with oil...and the sound of a WOMAN weeping...


               ...durch diese heilige Salbung helfe
               dir der Herr in seinem reichen
               Erbarmen, er stehe dir bei mit der
               Kraft des Heiligen Geistes...

   NIKI's eyes barely crack open, barely manage to focus to see
   an ELDERLY PRIEST is giving him the last rites in German..

   The sound of MARLENE crying somewhere in the room.


               Der Herr der dich von Sunden befreit,
               rette dich in seiner Gnade richte er
               dich auf...

   NIKI strains to move. A sense of excruciating pain.

   He fights to open his eyes, give an indication...ANY
   indication of the fact that he is hearing this, and is alive
   and able to fight for life...

   But to no avail. The PRIEST continues giving last rites.
   MARLENE continues to cry. The PRIEST touches NIKI's
   shoulder...


               I'm here! Can't you tell? I'm here!









   NIKI screams inside. Wanting to be heard. Wanting to give them
   a sign. He's OK. He's still there. But it's no use.

   NIKI blacks out again. The pain is too great.






   Sunrise: MARLENE has been sitting in the hospital all night
   supported by members of FAMILY and several FRIENDS.

   Niki's MOTHER and FATHER. CLAY REGAZZONI.

   Presently: the door to the intensive care unit opens and a
   DOCTOR comes out, beckoning her...


                 Frau Lauda? Bitte kommen Sie! He's
                 awake! And just spoke!

   MARLENE scrambles to her feet...


                 What did he say?


                 "Tell the Priest to fuck off! I'm
                 still alive!!"

   MARLENE covers her mouth, laughs nervously, already in tears.
   She and the DOCTOR rush into the intensive care unit.




   Shooting through the window we see MARLENE approach NIKI's
   bed. She sees NIKI..

   And gasps. Trying to control her expression. Not give away to
   him how horrified she is.

   NIKI's face: is grotesque. His head has swollen to double it's
   size. The skin has burned off on his head, his eyes.

   MARLENE bravely composes herself. Then, without displaying the
   shock she feels - she goes over and kisses him.








   The starter's flag drops. On television we see the Austrian
   Grand Prix start.

   NIKI watches the race on television, while beginning his rehab
   in bed, in pain as bandages are changed..

   ON TV: JAMES narrowly misses out on a podium, but still gains
   on NIKI in his points total...

   CAPTION: "RACE 11. HUNT FINISHES 4th"




   NIKI continues his rehab in the hospital, now out of bed...

   ON TV: the starter's flag drops. Another Grand Prix starts.
   This time at Zandvoort, in the Netherlands..

   NIKI watches the race on television as DOCTORS put a vacuuum
   pump into his lungs. It's AGONY. JAMES leads, driving the
   perfect race...


               We need to vacuum the lungs. Without
               this, they can't heal. But it will
               hurt.

   An unimaginably painful pump is forced down his burned lungs,
   to try to hoover out the impurities..

   COMMENTATORS ON TV: talk about how HUNT is catching up with
   LAUDA on points. It spurs NIKI on, through gritted teeth.


               Aaarrrggghhhh...

   The chequered flag. JAMES crosses the line in first position.



   The DOCTORS tell NIKI he's had enough vacuum treatment. He's
   had more than enough pain. But NIKI waves them aside...


               Again!!

   The DOCTOR nods. The vacuum is turned on again.

   NIKI screams in agony. Eyes bulging. MARLENE and NIKI's family
   cannot bear to watch...









   He watches as ON TV: JAMES is on the victory podium spraying
   champagne.




   NIKI continues screaming in pain, watching the Canadian GP on
   TV as..



   For the first time, JAMES has taken the lead in points. NIKI
   stares at the TV: his expression changes.






   NIKI screams again. MARLENE, NIKI's family and the DOCTORS are
   deeply distressed, cannot bring themselves to watch, as...


                 Aaaaarrrrggghghhhhhh!!

   We WIDEN to reveal what NIKI is doing. What has caused these
   unbearable, bloodcurdling screams of agony..


                 I know what you're all thinking...

   Now we see. With great difficulty NIKI has put his racing
   helmet on for the first time. Pressing into his open burn
   wounds...


                 But if you love me - all of you - you
                 won't say a word.

   He is almost unconscious with pain. His legs are weak. But he
   has done it...




   The Italian Grand Prix. TELEVISION COMMENTARY sets the scene.

   JAMES and the MCLAREN TEAM arrive in the pits to see a vast
   commotion going on elsewhere...


                 What's going on?


                 Jesus. It's Niki.









                 What about him?


                 He's here! He's racing!


                 What?? They said he was half-dead.

   JAMES stares. Shaken.




   JAMES pushes through the pitlanes, until he reaches the
   crowded FERRARI pits. He sees a racer in the background. The
   name LAUDA on his overalls...


                 Niki?

   NIKI turns round. JAMES sets eyes on him for the first time.

   JAMES reels, visibly horrified by his appearance. His bandages
   are blood stained. He has no hair. Looks grotesque..

   NIKI sees the horror in JAMES's face. Sees the shock. The
   horror. And recognizes in that moment, this is how it's going
   to be - this is how people will respond to him - forever.


                 Wow. It's that bad, huh?

   JAMES opens his mouth. Tries to say something.


                 In the hospital I told them to tell me
                 straight, no bullshit - how bad it
                 would be. My appearance. They said
                 with time it'd be fine. But it won't.
                 I can tell, seeing your reaction. I am
                 going to spend the rest of my life
                 with a face that frightens people.

   NIKI stares at JAMES, at his rival's beauty, his blonde,
   tanned perfection. His matinee idol, movie star looks...


                 That's a tough one to get used to.


                 I wrote you a letter at the time. To
                 apologize.
                     








                           JAMES 
                 The driver's meeting in Germany?
                 Before the race? I swayed the room.


                 Yes. You did.


                 That race should never have gone
                 ahead.


                 No.


                 So in some ways...I feel responsible
                 for what happened. I'm sorry.


                 Trust me, watching you win those
                 points and all those races while I was
                 in hospital fighting for my life...you
                 were equally responsible for getting
                 me better.

   Ouch. That could have been meant generously. But in this case
   it wasn't. It was a cold slap in the face.

   NIKI turns and goes.




   A packed press conference. The world's media. NIKI's accident
   and recovery  has reached way beyond F1 race fans.
   This is front page news around the globe..

   NIKI walks out onto the podium - all eyes staring at him - the
   sense of a ghoulish, voyeuristic freak show....

   NIKI sits on the podium, in front of microphones, flanked on
   both sides by FERRARI drivers and top brass. But no one wants
   to talk to them. Everyone's here to talk to NIKI..


                 How are you feeling, Niki?


                 Fine.


                 Can you confirm for us exactly which
                 procedures you have had? And the
                 expectations for your recovery?










                 Sure. I had a skin graft operation
                 where they put half my right thigh in
                 my face. It doesn't look too good but
                 one unexpected advantage is it's
                 impossible to perspire through a skin
                 graft, so sweat will never run in my
                 eyes again - which is good for a
                 driver.

   Laughter. At the back of the hall, JAMES HUNT creeps in,
   , to listen.


                 When they heard about your condition,
                 Ferrari immediately hired another
                 driver, Carlos Reutemann.


                 Ja. Before even my first operation.


                 Is he your replacement now?


                 No. Just another team-mate. Keen to
                 make an impression. So let's see where
                 Mr. Reutemann finishes today.

   Laughter.


                 James Hunt and McLaren have caught up
                 a lot while you were away.


                 Yes.
                     
                 Is there a question now? Or are you
                 just trying to piss me off?

   Laughter.


                 You think you can still win?


                 Of course. I have the better car. I'm
                 the better driver. But he's a clever
                 guy and has used the time well while I
                 was lying half-dead in hospital to win
                 some points..

   Laughter.










               What did your wife say when she saw
               your face?


               She said, "Sweetie, you don't need a
               face to drive. Only a right foot."

   Laughter.


               I'm being serious. Do you really think
               your marriage can survive? With the
               way you look now?

   Silence. NIKI squints into the lights..


               And I'm being serious, too. Which
               asshole said this? Jesus..

   No one moves. NIKI, disgusted, rips off his microphone..


               Fuck you. Press conference over.

   NIKI walks out. The Press Conference breaks up...

   JAMES sees the REPORTER who asked the question, laughing with
   his friends. JAMES watches as the REPORTER leaves...




   JAMES goes after the REPORTER, and calls him..


               Hey..!

   The REPORTER turns, recognizes JAMES..


               I've got something for you on that
               last question...

   The BRITISH JOURNALIST smiles, "Great, thanks James!" Pulls
   out a tape recorder. JAMES takes him to one side, then...

   "WHACK, WHACK, WHACK" - JAMES punches his lights out, then
   takes the tape recorder, stuffs it into the JOURNALISTS mouth.


               Now go home to your wife and ask her
               how YOU look!!









   "CRASH" a final, sickening blow splits the REPORTER's nose..


                 Prick!




   JAMES walks out to his car. TV CREWS. Banks of PHOTOGRAPHERS.
   Commentators talk in different languages.

   Everyone talking about NIKI's comeback.

   NIKI is in his car. The MECHANICS are talking to him in
   Italian...

   But NIKI hears nothing. He looks at the steering wheel, the
   shell of the car, the gear stick. And then we see..

   His hands are shaking violently. He's utterly terrified.

   The light turns green. They're off!

   Other cars , roar forward. But NIKI is
   frozen.




   NIKI's mind is a mess - terrified - he starts slowly...finding
   his courage..

   COMMENTATORS point out it's madness. It was clearly too soon.
   Ferrari were right to hire a replacement. NIKI is a wreck..

   NIKI suffers terrible flashbacks from his accident...

   NIKI shakes himself out...gradually building up speed -
   ignoring the cars overtaking him all around him...

   NIKI begins to accelerate. Gently at first. Then a bit more.
   Trusting himself. Gaining confidence..

   Blocking out further flashbacks...




   Watching NIKI from the hospital where he had his treatment is
   the DOCTOR who treated him...






   COMMENTATORS look up. Notice NIKI's slow increase in speed.
   What's this? Maybe there's life in him yet...

   NIKI changes gears smoothly. He begins to overtake. The old
   feelings come back..




   MARLENE watches from the pits. Can hardly bring herself to
   look...




   COMMENTATORS begin to get excited. LAUDA has started to
   overtake the back-markers...

   An incredible sequence. As NIKI gains more confidence, more
   speed, and begins to work his way through the field..

   COMMENTATORS now buzzing with excitement. This is incredible,
   as NIKI overtakes first CARLOS REUTEMANN, the driver hired to
   replace him, then others, working his way through the field...




   JAMES sees NIKI coming up behind him. Cannot believe his eyes.
   JAMES move to block NIKI's path...

   NIKI attacks fearlessly. Despite terrible pain. NIKI moves to
   overtake JAMES.

   Utterly intimidated by NIKI's bravery, JAMES panics, and loses
   control of the car. He spins out..

   COMMENTATORS cannot believe their eyes. HUNT's blown it!
   LAUDA's overtaken him!

   It's a miracle. It defies belief. As NIKI crosses the line....

   CAPTION: "RACE 15. NIKI 4th. JAMES RETIRED."






   The Italian crowds are ecstatic. Delirious. NIKI is a national
   hero. Lazarus back from the dead. Superhuman.









   TV commentary in different languages elaborates on what an
   extraordinary, superhuman achievement they have just seen...




                 What a race! What a man! What a
                 season! Now it all boils down to the
                 final race in Japan!

   Hunt walks past, staring at a triumphant Niki.




   The DOCTOR in the hospital shakes his head, cannot believe
   what he has just witnessed...




   The Ferrari Mechanics that had initially so disliked NIKI, are
   overwhelmed by what he has achieved...




   A reluctant, modest NIKI carried on shoulders, surrounded by
   LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO, MARLENE and the PRESS...






   Mount Fuji towers imperiously, dramatically above the Japanese
   race track, dominating the skyline on a clear day..

   Television cameras and press photographers assemble at the
   race track for the biggest sporting event of the year...




   JAMES sits alone in his hotel suite. Speaking to an old,
   trusted friend at the other end...


                 The man was in a coma. His doctors
                 pronounced him dead!! Then he comes
                 back and does THAT???






   BUBBLES HORSLEY back at home in England. At a breakfast
   table..


               What did you expect? That Niki would
               give you the championship lying down?
               Of course not. He's a fighter. He's
               going to come at you with everything
               he's got. But you can do this. As a
               driver, you're his equal - better,
               maybe. And God knows you're quick and
               brave enough. You just..


               What?


               Need to find the respect for yourself
               to close out when it really matters.
               You don't much like yourself, James -
               that's the problem, therefore don't
               believe you deserve it.




   A knock at JAMES's hotel room door..


               I've got to go.

   JAMES hangs up, and goes to the door. He snaps it open to
   reveal..

   Two gorgeous-looking BOAC Stewardesses standing outside. Smart
   blue blazers, short skirts, white gloves, blue caps..


               Hi. We've come for the party?


               What party?


               The party we were told was going on in
               room 2109.

   Sure enough: on JAMES's door, the number 2109.


               Who sent you here?










                 A man. On the phone. He didn't give
                 his name.


                 This man. Did he speak with an accent?


                 Yes. German accent.

   JAMES can't believe it. NIKI.


                 I'm afraid it was a joke..


                     
                 Awwww. Pity.


                 Sorry, ladies. Any other time. Not
                 tonight.

   JAMES closes the door. Goes back into his hotel room. Then,
   after a moment...

   He snaps open the door. The STEWARDESSES are about to
   disappear into the elevator...


                 Wait..!




   The following morning, day barely breaks. The skies are
   ominously dark over Tokyo. Thick, black clouds.

   It's raining heavily...




   NIKI wakes up and looks out of the window. Sees the heavy rain
   which is falling outside...

   His expression changes.




   JAMES wakes up. Flinches. JAMES looks around, bleary-eyed.
   Hungover.

   He's in a room that looks like a bomb has hit it.








   The two STEWARDESSES are still asleep in the bed beside him.
   Uniforms discarded on the floor.

   Memories are now flooding back. Jesus, what was he THINKING?
   JAMES leaps out of bed.




   NIKI is being massaged by WILLI DUNGL in his hotel room in
   preparation for the race.

   NIKI continues to stare out of the window. They speak in
   German. We see sub-titles..


                 Can't see the mountain.


                 So?


                 The locals here believe if you can see
                 the mountain in the morning, it brings
                 good luck.

   NIKI's POV: the view. Nothing but mist, dark skies and rain.






   Inside the race track: puddles everywhere. The rain continues
   to fall. The circuit is covered in water...

   DRIVERS and the TEAMS arrive at the race track. JAMES and
   TEDDY MAYER and ALASTAIR CALDWELL among them...

   SPECTATORS are huddled under umbrellas. TV CREWS struggle to
   keep expensive equipment dry...

   An American VOICE comes over the tannoy...


                 All drivers to the control tower,
                 please. Immediately.

   JAMES looks at CALDWELL...






   A driver's meeting has been called. All the DRIVERS are in a
   small room, arguing and remonstrating with FIA OFFICIALS and
   blazer-wearing POWERS THAT BE...

   A Japanese official, , is trying to keep the peace...


               One at a time! Gentlemen, please!

   Local JAPANESE DRIVERS are complaining in Japanese, (we see
   sub-titles)...


               You can't send us out in that! It's a
               death sentence!


               You have to postpone the race!




   JAMES, MAYER and CALDWELL arrive in a corridor outside the
   meeting room...


               Niki's talking to them about
               cancelling the race.

   JAMES's POV: he can see NIKI, his wounds horribly visible,
   remonstrating with the JAPANESE OFFICIAL about the dangerous
   track conditions...

   JAMES turns to TEDDY and ALASTAIR...


               I don't want any part of this. I'm not
               going to be responsible for turning
               the room again.


               But you have no option. You HAVE to
               race, James. It's your only shot. If
               you don't, Niki wins..


               I'm not voting against Niki
               again....or forcing fellow drivers to
               risk their lives. Sorry. World
               Championship or not...

   JAMES raises his hands and walks off. CALDWELL shouts after
   him, "James, wait..!" Then MAYER reassures CALDWELL...









                 Don't worry, this race is going ahead.
                 The TV rights have been sold all
                 around the world.

   MAYER can see that a vote is taking place in the room. Many of
   the drivers have their hands in the air, voting...

   The JAPANESE OFFICIAL is struggling to keep order in the room.


                 The drivers can vote all they like.

   A round of applause in the room, as the DRIVERS vote to cancel
   the race. But unseen by the DRIVERS..

   The FIA OFFICIALS, TV NETWORK EXECUTIVES, and the blazered
   POWERS THAT BE are in dark, conspiratorial discussion..

   ...making the decision that the race goes ahead.




   NEWSCASTERS from all over the world, in several different
   languages, announce that a decision has been made..

   The JAPANESE Grand Prix is definitely going ahead. The drivers
   have been called to the starting grid...






   In the pits alongside JAMES...

   A series of shots of the other DRIVERS...being sent out like
   lambs to the slaughter...

   Visibly terrified, mouthing prayers, smoking last cigarettes,
   meditating, crossing themselves, hands shaking..

   Among them the JAPANESE DRIVERS. All laughter gone now.
   Realizing what they've got into. Risking their lives.

   Finally we come to rest on NIKI. Strangely calm.

   NIKI puts on his balaclava over his still-raw wounds, wincing
   with pain as he puts on his helmet..






   JAMES is piggy-backed to his car by MECHANICS so his feet
   don't get soaked in the water pooling deep on the track.




   JAMES lowers himself into a car with puddles on the seat. He
   straps himself in.

   ALISTAIR CALDWELL approaches with a power-drill. Leans towards
   JAMES, with the screaming drill...


               Keep still...


               What are you doing???

   `ZZZZ", "ZZZZ", "ZZZZ", CALDWELL drill holes in JAMES's visor.


               To let the condensation out.


               But it will also let the water in.


               Not if you're leading.

   CALDWELL stares at JAMES...


               Trust me. This race is all about the
               start. Whoever's in front will see
               everything. Whoever's second...

   CALDWELL gestures, "Nothing"..


               Good luck.

   They shake hands. JAMES starts the engine with a roar.




   NIKI's engine replies with a loud roar. He looks over at
   JAMES. JAMES turns to face NIKI..



   ...as JAMES and NIKI stare at one another. All around them,
   the world slows down. Comes to a standstill.










   A connection between them. Unspoken realization of where they
   have both got to. What this moment means. For them both..

   It's what they have been waiting for. Working towards. All
   this time.

   NIKI raises his hand. In a gesture only JAMES sees. JAMES
   raises his in return. A private salute.

   Chivalric. From a bygone era. And in that moment, enemies
   become brothers. Two men. Risking their lives.



   The moment's truce is broken. They return to the task at hand.






   HUNT's foot hits the floor. NIKI's foot hits the floor...

   JAMES gets the better start. His car aquaplanes like crazy,
   skating over the water, totally out of control...




   CALDWELL and MAYER watch from the pit wall...


                 Hold onto it, James..!




   Miraculously JAMES steadies the car...

   The spray from his wheels creates a curtain of mist. The other
   cars are wrapped inside it...

   But JAMES has a clear view ahead. He slams his foot down..


                 It's the perfect start for Hunt!




   NIKI can see nothing. Surrounded by spray, water, noise.









   Other cars are spinning all around him. It's chaos. NIKI
   bravely accelerates into blindness...


                 But Lauda's car is right on his tail!
                 Barely visible in the spray..!




   JAMES goes to a corner, then his car twitches, aquaplanes
   again...badly...almost losing it completely...


                 Hunt turns too tightly! He almost lost
                 his car right there...!




   BUBBLES HORSLEY, ALEXANDER HESKETH and a number of the
   characters from the Hesketh Racing days are all watching...


                 Concentrate, Superstar!




   JAMES struggles to hold onto his car. He steadies it,
   maintaining the lead.




   JAMES's spray makes it impossible for NIKI to see. NIKI can't
   blink his eyes...it's agony.

   Half-blind, NIKI tries to overtake. Gives it everything he's
   got, breaking as late as he can, tearing through the gears...

   For NIKI the world flies past in a near-blind blur. The
   steering wheel shakes. The car cannot be driven any harder.

   But the visibility is terrible. The spray tears into his
   scarred eyes. He is unable to see anything but...

   MARLENE's beautiful face: staring at him. Smiling tenderly.
   Kissing him tenderly.










   JAMES continues to race flat out. Engine screaming. Foot to
   the floor. His car aquaplanes again...almost skidding out...




   SUZY HUNT is watching on television as RICHARD BURTON talks in
   the background on the telephone...


                   
               Come on, James...




   A sign is held up as JAMES races. Lap 39.

   But there are problems with the car. One of the tyres...


               God! His front tyre! Look! It's
               completely frayed!

   CALDWELL and TEDDY MAYER watch in horror from the pits and on
   TV. They can see the shaking car..


               Hunt's car has problems...it's
               shaking...the Englishman is definitely
               getting slower...




   ALASTAIR CALDWELL holds up a sign....




               ...with just a few laps to go, McLaren
               are calling for Hunt to come into the
               pits to change tyres...

   JAMES's car roars past the pits, refusing to stop...


               But Hunt is refusing! Simply ignoring
               his team's orders...! He's made the
               calculation that he can still hold
               onto the lead...!






   HESKETH and BUBBLES cover their eyes. Can't look...


               James!! What are you doing???


               I can't bear it!




   Suddenly, a Ferrari in JAMES's wing mirror. Unmistakably, even
   in the spray, he can see the distinctive RED HELMET...

   It's NIKI. JAMES's blood runs cold...


               No! No! NO!!!!

   JAMES tries to fend NIKI off. Swerves this way and that. But
   his wounded car is now running at seventy per cent at best...

   ...and disaster!!! NIKI OVERTAKES HIM...

   JAMES screams in agony and frustration. He's lost it! And has
   no one to blame but himself! His own arrogance. And
   stubbornness. NIKI's overtaken him!



   JAMES roars past. Has finished in third place. But that is no
   consolation. NIKI has beaten him. As far as he's concerned..

   JAMES has lost. Lost everything.




   JAMES's car arrives in the pits. In a fury. At himself. For
   refusing to listen. What a disgrace. What shame. What a fool.
   But he is engulfed. JAMES gets out of his car, raging...


               I'm sorry!

   But TEDDY MAYER is celebrating wildly. ALASTAIR CALDWELL, too.
   The world's media descends on JAMES...


               Sorry?? What are you talking about??
               You did it!










                 What?


                 You WON!!


                 Rubbish!! What about Niki?? He
                 overtook me!! I saw it!! A Ferrari
                 with a red helmet..


                 That wasn't Niki. That was Regazzoni.


                 What???


                 Niki withdrew. Said it was too
                 dangerous, refused to drive!!
                     
                 You're Champion of the World, kiddo!

   TEDDY MAYER takes JAMES's number `11' from the side of his
   car, and tears it in two, leaving number `1'.

   JAMES's face: as he realizes. Then explodes with happiness.




   HESKETH and BUBBLES cheer in celebration...


                 He did it! He bloody well did it!




   A television plays in the Emergency Ward of the hospital.
   NURSIE catches sight of the victory, patients cheering and
   applauding...

   NURSIE allows herself a smile.




   BURTON is at the door in tuxedo, waiting to go. SUZY, dressed
   glamorously, smiles.


                 Well done, James..

   Then turns the TV off. And follows BURTON out.






   JAMES is embraced by CALDWELL and MAYER.






   Across the race-track, the sound of helicopter blades turning.
   JAMES looks over to see...

   NIKI in the helicopter with MARLENE and a PILOT. NIKI, now the
   ex-World Champion, looks over to see a triumphant JAMES
   surrounded by press, McLaren colleagues, etc


               Are you OK?

   NIKI turns, takes MARLENE's hand as he answers.


               Fine. It's just one race.

   The helicopter lifts into the air, and flies off...




   JAMES watches as the helicopter carrying NIKI flies away, then
   turns to see...

   ...the world's press begins to descend on him, and the biggest
   party of JAMES HUNT's life is about to begin..

   In the background, the two JAPANESE DRIVERS are giving
   interviews again. They didn't just survive, MASAHIRO HASEMI
   got the fastest lap of the race, and NORITAKE TAKAHARA came
   9th...

   And at that moment, magically, the sun breaks through, and the
   snowy peak of Mount Fuji is finally revealed.




   Of newspaper headlines, television talk shows, lucrative
   endorsements, TV commercials, sponsorship, public billboards.

   JAMES's world championship victory has made him a rich man.
   His movie star looks make him an international STAR and
   marketing man's dream.

   Girls, more girls, and even more girls.









   JAMES, dashing in a white suit, plays trumpet on the UK's most
   famous talk show...






   We're on the runway of an airport in Northern Italy.



   A stretch limousine pulls up on the tarmac.

   A still-drunk JAMES HUNT and several good-looking WOMEN, rowdy
   FRIENDS  spill out of the limo...

   They cross the tarmac towards their waiting private jet,
   passing other jets, when JAMES stops.

   He's seen something that has caught his eye.

   JAMES sends his FRIENDS on ahead to their waiting jet, and
   walks over to a small private jet, ...


                 I heard you were spending more and
                 more time in one of these...

   A hunched PILOT doing final checks. The figure turns. It's
   NIKI. His wounds have healed a little, but it's still a
   painful sight...


                 Do you fly?


                 No.


                 You should try it. If something goes
                 wrong up there, you're on the edge,
                 but have to stay within the rules.
                 Stick to regulations. Suppress the
                 ego. It's good discipline for the
                 racing.


                 And there I was thinking you were
                 about to wax lyrical about the romance
                 of flight. I should have known better.


                 What brings you here?









   JAMES indicates his rowdy, cool-looking friends..


                 A friend's wedding. At least I think
                 it was a wedding. Might have been a
                 birthday. All a bit of a blur. How
                 about you? Been at Fiorano?


                 Pre-season testing.


                 Already? In February? You're
                 relentless.


                 Thank you.


                 I'm not sure I meant it as a
                 compliment.


                 But it is one. Relentlessness is good.
                 Means you're a fighter. That you never
                 give up. Behind my back I know some of
                 you guys call me `The Rat.' Because I
                 look like one. It's meant as an
                 insult. But I don't mind it. Rats are
                 ugly, sure. And no one likes them. But
                 they're intelligent. With a strong
                 survival instinct.

   JAMES can't help smiling. That's NIKI.


                 So when do you start testing? Next
                 week?


                 Are you mad? I didn't just win the
                 biggest thing of my life so I could
                 get right back to work.


                 Why? You need to. To prove to all the
                 people who will always say you only
                 won it because...


                 Because what...? Because of your
                 accident? Is that other people, Niki?
                 Or you? I won. On the all important
                 day when it came down to it, we raced
                 on equal terms in equally good cars.







                         JAMES 
               You bottled and I had the guts to see
               it through.


               It's true. You won that race. And
               believe me if I had to lose that title
               to anyone, I'm happy it was you. But
               that doesn't change the fact you have
               to win again.


               Why?


               Because that's what it means to be a
               winner, no? It's a permanent
               condition. Never stops or goes away.
               It stays with you always.


               That's winning? Sounds like losing to
               me. Some of life needs to be for
               pleasure, Niki. What's the use of
               having a million cups and medals if
               you never have any fun? How is that
               winning?

   The plane load of JAMES's friends call out..."C'mon, James!"


               You're right. I could learn from you.
               In hospital the toughest part of my
               treatment was the vacuum. Pumping the
               shit out of my lungs. It was agony.
               While doing it, I was watching
               television...you winning all those
               races...and I was cursing you.. "That
               bastard, Hunt", I would shout, "I hate
               that guy." one day the doctor said,
               "Mr. Lauda, may I offer one piece of
               advice? Stop thinking of it as a curse
               to have been given an enemy in life.
               It can be a blessing, too." I said,
               "Who are you, Confucius?" He said, "A
               wise man gets more from his enemies
               than a fool from his friends." And you
               know, he's right. Look at us. We were
               a pair of kids when we first met.
               Hotheaded jerks in Formula 3. Headed
               nowhere. Now we're both Champions of
               the world. Not bad.


               No, not bad.










               So don't let me down now. I need you
               busting my balls. Get back to work.


               I will, Niki. But I intend to enjoy
               myself first. And so should you. You
               think you can?

   NIKI stares. A blank look..


               See you on race day, Champ.


               You will. Champ.

   JAMES goes. NIKI watches him, pulled into his plane by his
   laughing, cool FRIENDS. An unmistakable flicker of envy in his
   eyes.

   Then NIKI turns, alone, and resumes his safety checks.




   JAMES's plane roars down the runway and takes off into the
   azure blue sky...














                                   The End
