





                         
                                   Written by

                  Seth Macfarlane, Alec Sulkin &amp; Wellesley Wild





                         
          As the Universal logo completes itself, we begin to
          slowly push in on the East Coast of the United States.
          The camera glides down through the atmosphere, through
          the clouds, closer and closer, until we begin to see
          large patches of snow covering the upper coastline. It's
          winter. We continue to push in, until we arrive at one
          small suburban neighborhood. Over the push-in, we hear
          the following narration, delivered by Patrick Stewart.
                         

           It has been said that magic vanished from
           our world a long time ago. And that
           humanity can no longer fulfill its
           desires through the power of wishes.
           To those who have lost the wondrous
           vision of childhood eyes, submitted here
           is the story of a little boy, and a
           magical Christmas wish that changed his
           life forever.
                         
                         

                         

           It began in 1985, in a town just outside
           Boston.
                         
          We see a GROUP OF KIDS laughing and tossing snowballs at
          each other in the street.
                         

           It was Christmas Eve, and all the
           children were in high spirits. That
           special time of year when Boston children
           gather together and beat up the Jewish
           kids.
                         
          Another little kid walks out of his house with a sled,
          and starts walking up the street. One of the snowball-
          throwing kids points at the sled kid.
                         

           Hey, Greenbaum!
                         

           Uh oh.
                         

           It's Jesus' birthday tomorrow! You know
           what I'm gonna get him?
                         

           W...what?



                         

           My fist in your fuckin' face!
                         

           Why would Jesus want that?
                         

           Get him!
                         
          The kids all chase Greenbaum up the street, and tackle
          him. Another boy, JOHN BENNETT (about 8 years old, shy
          and innocent-looking) approaches the melee.
                         

           But there was one child who wasn't in
           such good spirits. Little John Bennett.
           That one boy in every neighborhood who
           just has a tough time making friends.
                         

           Hey guys, can I play?
                         
          The kids all look at him.
                         

           Get outta here! / Get outta here,
           Bennett! / Get lost, Bennett!
                         
          The Jewish kid, his face bloodied, looks angrily at John.
                         

           Yeah, Bennett, get outta here!
                         
          The kids go back to beating up Greenbaum, as John sadly
          walks back toward his house.
                         

                         

           John longed with all his heart for that
           one true friend that he could call his
           own. And he knew that if he ever found
           that friend, he would never let him go.
                         
          John sadly sits by his window with his chin in his hands,
          looking outside. John'S POV - We see the other kids all
          playing in the snow: building snowmen, throwing
          snowballs, etc. At one point, a BLACK KID IN A
          WHEELCHAIR wheels up. The other kids welcome him with
          open arms, and he immediately joins in the fun.
                         

           Well, as it does every year, Christmas
           morning finally came.





           All the children were opening their gifts
           with holiday glee.
                         
                         

                         
          A LITTLE GIRL opens a present as her parents look on,
          smiling. Inside is a My Little Pony. She smiles with
          delight.
                         
                         

                         
          A LITTLE BOY opens a present as HIS PARENTS look on,
          smiling. Inside is a G.I. Joe Hovercraft. The boy is
          overjoyed.
                         

                         
          ANOTHER LITTLE BOY opens a present as his parents look on,
          smiling. Inside is a "Darth Vader head" action figure case.
          The boy opens it up, revealing that it's full of "Star Wars"
          action figures. The boy jumps around ecstatically.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         

           And for little John Bennett, Christmas
           Day brought a very special new arrival.
                         
          John sits amidst unwrapped gifts. We see him opening a
          present. Inside is a plush, adorable-looking teddy bear.
          The boy holds it with delight.
                         

           Wow!
                         
          HIS MOM AND DAD hug him.
                         

           I guess Santa paid attention to how good
           you were this year, huh?
                         


           Merry Christmas, John.
                         
          John hugs the teddy bear. It makes a cutesy, high-
          pitched "I wuv you" sound. John gasps with delight.
                         



                         

           He talks!
                         
          John giggles happily, squeezing the bear to make it talk,
          as his mom and dad exchange a smile.
                         

           I'm gonna name you Teddy.
                         
                         

                         
          John sits on the floor watching the 1980 film "Flash
          Gordon" on TV. He eats Twizzlers with Ted sitting next
          to him. Occasionally he gives Ted a "bite."
                         

           John became instantly attached to Teddy.
           There was something about that bear that
           made him feel as if he finally had a
           friend with whom he could share his
           deepest secrets.
                         
                         

                         

           Hey Teddy... can I tell you something
           nobody knows?
                         
          Teddy looks back at him, expressionless.
                         

           Last week, my mom and dad took me to the
           park for a picnic. And they have this
           duck pond there, and... when nobody was
           looking, I pooped in my hand and threw it
           at a duck. Was that mean?
                         
          He squeezes Ted, who once again makes the "I wuv you"
          sound.
                         


           I love you too, Teddy!
                         
          John gets into bed with the teddy bear, and snuggles with
          it.
                         

           You know... I wish you could really talk
           to me. Because then we could be best
           friends forever and ever.
                         
                         



                         
          John drifts off to sleep. The camera moves toward the
          window, and drifts outside. It pulls back from the house
          slowly.
                         

           Now, if there's one thing you can be sure
           of... it's that nothing is more powerful
           than a young boy's wish.

           Except an Apache helicopter. An Apache
           helicopter has machine guns and missiles.
           It is an unbelievably impressive
           complement of weaponry. An absolute
           death machine. Well, as it turned out,
           John picked the perfect night to make a
           wish.
                         

                         
          The camera pivots around to face the sky. We see the
          snow falling from moonlit clouds. At the center of the
          clouds, there is a small patch of open air through which
          we can see stars. Suddenly, a shooting star whizzes by
          through the opening.
                         
                         

                         
          SLOWLY PUSH IN on the teddy bear's face as John lies
          sleeping next to it.
                         

                         
                         

          The house and yard are covered with snow.
                         
                         

                         
          John slowly opens his eyes. He turns over to face Teddy,
          but we see that Teddy is no longer next to him. John
          bolts upright and looks around, frantically.
                         

           Teddy?
           
           Teddy?!
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
          John looks under the covers, but the bear is not there.
          He jumps out of bed and looks around the bed's perimeter,
          assuming that Teddy must have fallen off during the
          night. Finally, he checks underneath the bed. ANGLE
          FROM UNDERNEATH THE BED we see John looking around.
                         

           Teddy?
                         
          John sits up again and freezes, looking right into the
          camera, wide eyed. ANGLE ON JOHN'S P.O.V.: We see the
          face of Teddy staring right at him. Teddy blinks once.
                         

           Hug me.
                         
          John yelps and stumbles back, falling over. He stares at
          Teddy, breathing heavily.
                         

           Did you... did you just talk?
                         

           You're my best friend, John.
                         


           You're alive?!
                         

           Uh-huh.
                         

           Whoa...
                         

           Don't look so surprised. You're the one
           who wished for it, aren't you?
                         

           Yeah, I... I did wish for it.
                         

           Well, here I am.
                         

           You mean... we get to be best friends...
           for real?
                         

           For real.
                         

           Forever and ever?
                         



                         

           Sounds good to me.
                         
          A huge grin spreads across John's face. He gets up, runs
          to Teddy and hugs him.
                         

           John was just about the happiest boy in
           the world. And he couldn't wait to tell
           everyone the good news.
                         
                         

                         
          John's Dad sits at the breakfast table, reading the paper
          as John's Mom prepares eggs and bacon, putting it on
          their plates.

           Well, I think we had a wonderful
           Christmas this year.
                         

           One of the best.

           And I particularly enjoyed the gift you
           gave me last night.
                         
          John runs into the kitchen.
                         

           Mom! Dad! Guess what?! My teddy bear's
           alive!
                         
          John's Mom and Dad look at each other and smile.


           Really, sweetie? Well, that's exciting.
                         

           No mom, he's alive! For real! Look!
                         
          Teddy walks in and stands next to John.
                         

           Merry Christmas, everybody!
                         
          John's Dad scrambles to his feet, knocking plates off the
          table. John's mom screams.
                         

           Jesus H. Fuck!
                         
                         



                         

           Let's all be best friends!
                         

           Oh my god...
                         

           John, get away from that thing! Come
           over here, right now!
                         


                         


                         
          John reluctantly walks over to his dad, who grabs him and
          protectively pulls him aside.
                         

           Helen, get my gun.
                         

           Dad, no!
                         

           Is it a hugging gun?
                         

           Helen, get my gun, and call the police!
                         

           I'm sorry, Mr. Bennett. I didn't mean to
           scare anybody. I just wanted John and I
           to be friends.

           Yeah, Dad! I made a wish last night that
           Teddy was alive, and my wish came true!
                         


           My god, Steve... it's a miracle. A
           Christmas miracle.
                         
          They stare at Teddy for a beat.
                         

           Well, it wasn't long before the story of
           John's little miracle was sweeping the
           nation.

                         
                         

                         
           We see an 80's NEWSCASTER behind the news desk. A
           graphic of the bear is over his left shoulder.
                         

           Out of a Boston suburb comes what is,
           without a doubt, the most incredible
           story in the history of broadcast news...
                         

                         
                         

                         
           We see an 80's FEMALE NEWSCASTER. A graphic of the bear
           is over her left shoulder.

           ...young boy's stuffed animal has
           magically come to life for as yet unknown
           reasons. Scientists are stumped as to
           how...
                         

                         
           We see a `70S SOUTHERN NEWSCASTER with a CHYRON that says
           "ACTION NEWS GEORGIA". He points manically at the
           graphic of the bear above his left shoulder.
                         

           Look what Jesus did! Look what Jesus
           did! Look what Jesus did!
                         
                         

           A MALE JAPANESE NEWSCASTER and FEMALE JAPANESE NEWSCASTER
           sit behind the desk. Between them, at the top of the
           screen, is a picture of the bear.
                         


                         
           The male newscaster turns sharply to her.
                         


                         
           He strikes her for an unclear reason. She buries her
           head in her hands, in shame.

                         
                         

                         

           Before long, Teddy had become a huge
           celebrity in his own right.
                         
          We see REAL FOOTAGE of "The Tonight Show" from the `80's,
          with Johnny Carson talking to Teddy, who is sitting in
          the guest chair (If appropriate footage is accessible,
          will include Teddy walking out on stage, shaking hands
          with Johnny and sitting down.)
                         

                         
                         

                         

                         
          John and Teddy are in bed, under the covers with a
          flashlight.
                         

           But through all the fame, Teddy never
           forgot his very best friend, John.
                         

           The thunder can't get us, right?
                         

           Nope. We're thunder buddies. And the
           thunder knows it. We're totally safe.
                         
          ANGLE UNDER THE COVERS - we now see them.

           Teddy?
                         

           Yeah, John?
                         

           Do you promise we'll always be together?
                         

           I promise.
                         
          Another thunder clap.
                         

           Thunder buddies for life.
                         

           Thunder buddies for life.



                         
          They hug as we PULL BACK SLOWLY, dissolving through the
          covers.
                         

           And that was a promise that neither one
           of them ever forgot.
                         
          Over the following, we continue to pull back from the
          room to the outside of the moonlit house...
                         

           So where are John and Teddy today? Well,
           let me put it this way: no matter how big
           a splash you make in this world, whether
           you're Corey Feldman, Frankie Muniz,
           Justin Bieber, or a talking teddy bear,
           eventually nobody gives a shit.

                         
                         

                         
          We PAN ACROSS the Boston skyline as the opening titles
          roll. CUT TO various shots of the city throughout.
                         
          PAN DOWN to the streets below: several shots of the
          everyday bustle of the city, then we CUT TO:
                         
                         

                         
          Young John and Ted lie on the floor as they both grin at
          the camera, chins resting on their hands.
                         

                         
          Young John and Ted wave to the camera from up in a
          treehouse.
                         
          A NEWSWEEK MAGAZINE COVER SLIDES BY - It shows Ted
          shaking hands with Reagan. The headline reads:
          "America's Little Miracle". Smaller headlines read,
          "Goodbye Heart Disease, Here Comes Oat Bran!" and "The
          Future of Entertainment: The Laserdisc."
                         
          A US NEWS COVER SLIDES BY - It shows Ted standing in
          front of an American flag. The headline reads, "Ted,
          White, and Blue". Smaller headlines read, "Oliver North
          Draws the Heat" and "Will Your Town Soon Have Its Own
          `Robocop'?"

                         
                         

                         
          
                         
                         

                         
          Ted and young John blow out the candles on a birthday
          cake at John's ninth birthday party.
                         
                         

                         
          Larry Bird stands with young John, who has Ted standing
          on the top of his head. They are still nowhere near as
          tall as Larry.
          A TV GUIDE COVER SLIDES BY: It shows a smiling Ted with
          the headline "TV'S NEW FAVORITE GUEST STAR!" Smaller
          headlines read, "Inside: The Best Show You're Not
          Watching!" and "The Unstoppable Phil Hartman!"
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Young John and Ted sit on the couch smiling and laughing
          as they watch the show.
                         
                         

                         
          Young John wears a hooded sweatshirt as he pedals his
          bike up the street. Ted sits in the front basket, like

                         
          ANGLE ON a People magazine from 1992 that reads, "UP
          CLOSE AND PERSONAL WITH `TERMINATOR 2's ARNOLD
          SCHWARZENEGGER!" Down below in smaller print it says
          "Plus, we talk to Ted the bear".
                         
                         

                         
          Teenage John and Ted lean against a car. Teenage John
          looks indifferent and a bit jaded now.
                         
                         

                         
          John's high school graduation.
                         
                         



                         
          ANGLE ON A TV - The nightly news is in progress. A news
          anchor addresses the camera. A graphic next to her reads
          "FORMER CELEBRITY BUSTED AT AIRPORT", with an
          unflattering photo of Ted.
                         
                         

                         
          We see Ted getting hauled away by security. A caption
          below reads "Ted caught with mushrooms at airport
          security". He's putting up a bit of a fight, and gives
          the "finger" to the camera .
                         
                         

                         
          We see 20 year-old John sitting on his bed, laughing.
          Ted sits by his side, also laughing at the incident.
                         
                         
                         
                         

                         
          
                         
                         

                         
          
                         
          ANGLE ON A FACEBOOK PAGE FOR JOHN BENNETT: PAN DOWN to
          the status indicator. It reads, "In a Relationship With
          Lori Collins." An arrow clicks on her name, going to her
          page. On her wall, it reads "Lori has added 3 new photos
          in the album Mobile Uploads".
                         
                         

                         
          Lori and John smile as Lori holds a big stuffed bear that
          John has won for her at a booth. Ted stands nearby, arms
          crossed, with a deep, disapproving scowl.
                         
                         

                         
          In the photo, presumably taken by John, Lori stands
          laughing as Ted stands behind her 
          covering her eyes with his paws.

                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori are set for a trail ride. They are both on
          horses, wearing helmets. WIDEN TO REVEAL Ted, who also
          wears a helmet, but rides a smiling golden retriever.
                         
                         

                         
          John, Lori, and Ted play miniature golf. Lori putts the
          ball, which rolls to the lip of the cup. She reacts,
          disappointed. Ted makes a graceful leg sweep, pushing
          the ball into the cup "accidentally". Lori smiles. John
          smiles back at her. Ted winks.
                         
                         

          
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John, Lori and Ted sit outside at a table, each holding
          an ice cream cone. They stare deadpan at the camera,
          each with a dab of ice cream on their noses, and a dab of
          ice cream on their upper lips.
                         
                         

                         
                         

          John and Lori paint the apartment walls. Lori sneaks up
          behind John, and paints his back. John turns around and
          grabs her. They scuffle playfully, and then kiss. We
          ANGLE ON Ted, who stands on a little stepladder hammering
          a "Home Sweet Home" picture into the wall. He steps
          back, but realizes he has nailed his hand to the wall.
          He tugs, slips, and the ladder falls. Ted hangs there
          like an idiot.
                         
                         

                         
          John, Lori, and Ted sit on the couch. All three sit with
          their legs crossed, faux-pretentiously raising glasses of
          Jorian Hill Syrah to camera in identical poses, the wine
          bottle on the table in front of them.

                         
                         

                         
          We see a photo Ted has taken of himself. In the
          background are John and Lori, playing Scrabble. Ted is
          in the foreground, smiling at the camera as he holds up
          his letters. He has spelled out the word "DOUCHE", with
          an extra B and G to spare.
                         
                         

                         
          John, Ted, and Lori watch a horror movie on the couch.
                         
                         

                         
          
                         

                         
                         

                         
          CLOSE ON a bong. PULL OUT TO REVEAL Ted, who inhales,
          his snout inside the tube. Ted sits on the sofa, and for
          the first time, we see Ted in his present day form: he is
          ratty, patched-up, and worn-looking. He has a couple
          stains, some small spots of exposed stuffing, and there's
          evidence of some half-assed sewing. It's obvious he's
          been around for three decades. He and John, who sits
          next to him, are both clearly stoned as we join them.
          John, for his part, looks far too comfortable in the too-
          worn Red Sox T-shirt he wears. He eats directly from a
          box of Fruity Pebbles. Reaching in for a last handful,
          he finds the box almost empty. He raises it to empty the
          remainder into his mouth, and accidentally pours Fruity
          Pebbles all over his face. It doesn't faze him much,
          though, as he brushes them off. It's quite obvious that
          this is a guy who has never really given up his
          childhood... and has never given up his teddy bear. Ted
          passes the bong to John.
                         

           All I'm sayin' is Boston women are are,
           on the whole, a paler, uglier sort than
           women from the elsewheres of life.
                         

           That's bullshit, what about Lori? She's
           hot.
                         

           Lori's from Pennsylvania, not a Boston
           girl.



                         

           They're not that bad.
                         
          John takes a hit from the bong over Ted's next line.
                         

           The fact that you have to say they're not
           that bad means that they are that bad.
           They turn into drunk, half-white, half-
           pink monsters after 2 hours at any beach.
                         
          Ted takes a hit from the bong.
                         


           Jesus, this is weak. It's not even
           gettin' me high. I gotta have a talk
           with my weed guy.
                         

           I-- It's workin' for me.
                         

           I think it sucks, I'm gonna have a talk
           with him.
                         

           Yeah, I don't know that you wanna go to a
           drug dealer with complaints.
                         

           No, I know this guy a long time. I've
           known him since 9/11. Remember, I was
           like, "Aw, shit. 9/11. I gotta get
           high."

           
           Oh fuck, is it nine-thirty? Shit, I
           gotta get to work.
                         
          John gets up, and hurries into the other room to get
          dressed.
                         

           Hey, you mind pickin' up a bird feeder on
           the way home? I wanna start enjoying the
           beauty of birds.
                         

           Jesus, I don't know if I can drive.
                         

           I'll drive you, I feel fine.

                         
                         

                         
          We see two shots of John's car driving through the city:
          We see John in the passenger's seat putting Visine into
          his eyes, with only Ted's ears and eyes showing as he
          drives . We then cut to an
          overhead pull-back shot as we move away from the car to
          reveal it crossing Boston's huge suspension bridge.
                         
                         

                         
          John's car pulls up the street and into the parking lot,
          scraping its side against the corner headlight of one of
          the rental cars.
                         

           Aw, Jesus. / Fuck.
                         
          ANGLE ON Ted's feet. There are wooden blocks attached to
          the pedals so that his feet can reach them. He slams on
          the brakes. ANGLE OUTSIDE THE CAR. John gets out, and
          looks at the damage.
                         

           Aw, man.
                         

           Is it bad?
                         

           It's not good.
                         
          ANGLE ON THE RENT-A-CAR OFFICE - THOMAS, the branch
          manager, an intense, middle-aged man, is standing in the
          doorway.

           John! May I speak with you, please?
                         

           Shit.
                         

           It's okay, go, go, I'll pull outta here.

           Hi, Thomas! How are ya?
                         
          Thomas dryly waves back. Ted pulls forward, scraping the
          car again. He abruptly pulls out into traffic, and
          another car swerves a bit to get around him, honking.
                         

           Asshole!
                         



                         


           Easy, Jersey license!
                         
          Ted drives away.
                         
                         

                         
          Thomas sits at his desk facing John.
                         

           John, it's almost ten o'clock.
                         

           I know, I'm sorry, it wasn't my fault.

           What do you mean?
                         


           I guess I... wasn't really prepared for a
           follow-up question.
                         

           John, all you have to do is not fuck up,
           and you get my job when I go to corporate
           next month. You will be the new branch
           manager. All you have to do is not fuck
           up, and all you're doing is fucking up.
           Not that I don't think you're too fucked
           up to handle not fucking up my job, but
           you happen to be the least fucked-up
           person in the whole office. The next
           least fucked-up is Alix, and you've been
           here three fucking years longer than him.
           But I'm telling you, I will promote the
           fuck out of him if you fuck up one more
           time. That is all. Fuck.
                         

           Sir, I promise, you're not gonna regret
           promoting the fuck out of me.
                         

           Good. I like hearing that. Because in a
           month my life now could be your life: a
           cushy $38,000-a-year branch manager who's
           personal friends with Tom Skerritt. It's
           not a bad life, is it?
                         

           N--no.
                         



                         

           Did you know I'm friends with Tom
           Skerritt?
                         

           No.
                         

           I'll show you something I don't show too
           many people, because I don't want anyone
           treating me differently.
                         
          Thomas takes out a framed picture of himself with Tom
          Skerritt.
                         

           That's me and Tom Skerritt.


           Wowwww.
                         

           Goddamn right, wow. Now get outta here.
           I'm gonna dock you for being late, and
           for the scratch on that car. Try and be
           a little more responsible tomorrow.
                         

           I will, sir. Thank you. I won't let you
           down, Goose.
                         

           What?
                         

           Top Gun.
                         

           So?
                         

           Tom Skerritt.
                         

           Oh.
                         
          John exits.
                         
                         

                         
          John emerges from Thomas' office, and walks out into the
          front desk area.
                         



                         
          We see his coworker, Guy (a burly Patrick-Warburton
          type), handing a car key and a rental envelope to a
          pleasant-looking couple. He looks tired, disheveled, and
          a little bruised.
                         

           There you go, here's your key and rental
           agreement, and a complimentary map of
           Boston. Thanks for choosing Liberty,
           drive safely.
                         

           Thank you./Thanks so much.
                         
          The couple exits. Guy turns to face John.
                         

           Hey, heard you got busted.
                         

           Jesus, Guy, you look like shit, what
           happened?
                         

           I don't know, man. I got fuckin' wasted
           last night, and my phone says I texted
           somebody at 3:15 asking them to beat me
           up. And then at 4:30 I texted the same
           person saying thanks.
                         

           And you don't remember it?
                         

           No. Same as last time.

           It... it just seems gay, doesn't it?
                         

           I don't know. Maybe, yeah.
                         

           Do you think you're part of some, like,
           gay beat-up underworld? Like one of
           those gay beat-up clubs?
                         

           I don't know. I dig chicks. I don't
           remember any of it, I was so fucked up.
           I might be gay, I don't know. You mind
           covering for me for a bit? I'm gonna go
           lay down in the john.
                         
                         



                         
          Guy starts to leave, when ALIX, a foreign guy with a
          vague European accent, long dark hair, and a great tan
          walks up.
                         

           Hey you buddies. Where's it hanging?
                         

           Hey Alix. / Hey, how was the club last
           night?
                         

           Ah, I didn't get in because the bouncer
           was doucheface, but I made friends in the
           line.
                         

           Oh, well, that's good I guess.
                         
          We see TANYA, an unbelievably gorgeous salesgirl, enter
          from the back with a set of keys.
                         

           Hi you guys.
                         
          Over the following, Tanya puts the keys away, walks over
          to her station and sits.
                         

           You look so pretty today.
                         

           Aw, thanks Alix, I worked out this
           morning.
                         

           I can tell, you are less fat than you
           have been.
                         

           Hey guys, does anybody know a nice
           restaurant? Like something where the
           napkins are cloth?
                         

           For what?
                         

           Lori and I have been dating four years
           tomorrow, and I wanted to take her
           someplace nice.
                         

           Oh wow, congratulations, John.
                         



                         

           You guys`ve been goin' out for four
           years?
                         

           Yeah.
                         



           --saaaane, my longest relationship was
           like six months, and then she farted in
           her sleep. I'm like, I am outta here,
           man. Was gone before she woke up.
                         

           Wow, you're... not very tolerant, huh.

           Lori ever fart in front of you?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           Really.
                         

           Yes. Many times.
                         

           You Italian?
                         

           No.

           Oh.
                         

           Why?
                         

           I dunno, just seems like-- never mind,
           take her to Benihana.
                         

           Don't you think after four years, maybe
           she's probably hoping for something more
           than dinner?
                         

           Like what?
                         
                         



                         

           Well, if I were her, I'd be expecting a
           proposal.
                         

           Oh come on, nobody's expecting anybody to
           propose. Marriage isn't... I mean, isn't
           love enough? I submit that love is
           enough.
                         

           You could put the ring in her ass and let
           her fart it out.
                         
                         

                         

                         
          John and Ted sit on the couch, in the same exact spots we
          saw them earlier, bookending the day. John drinks a beer
          as they watch TV. Ted lights up a bong and inhales. The
          TV blares the opening titles of the 1980 film "Flash
          Gordon." As "Flash's Theme" plays:
                         

           So bad, but so good.
                         

           Yes, a study in contrasts.
                         

           Oh, I love this part.





                         





                         

           Fuck yeah, Flash!  Hey, before I
           forget, let's nail down a plan for the
           Bruins game tomorrow night.
                         

           I can't, I'm taking Lori to dinner.
                         



                         

           For what?
                         

           Well, we've been dating four years
           tomorrow.
                         

           Oh, fuck me. Nice.
                         

           Lemme ask you something... you don't
           think she's gonna be expecting
           something... big, do you?
                         


           What, like anal?
                         

           No, like... a circular gold thing on the
           finger.
                         

           Oh, fuck that! It's four years! You and
           I have been together 27 years!
                         
          Ted jumps on John, and starts playfully punching him in
          the face.
                         

           Where's my ring, Johnny? Where's my
           ring, asshole?
                         

           Stop it! Jesus Christ, knock it off!
          He throws Ted off of him.
                         

           I mean, do you think she might be
           expecting me to make that kinda move?
                         

           No, John. It's a bad idea. And it's the
           wrong time. What with the economy and...
           the credit bubble... the Supreme Court...
           I mean, look at Haiti.
                         

           I guess I didn't think about that.
                         
          ANGLE ON TV - We see Flash Gordon facing Ming the
          Merciless.
                         



                         

           Who are you?
                         

           Flash Gordon. Quarterback. New York
           Jets.
                         

           This is the American fantasy, right here.
           A professional NFL player is called upon
           to save the world.
                         

           Tom Brady could do that.
                         

           Tom Brady could do that.
          The front door opens and LORI, an attractive girl in her
          mid to late 20's, enters holding several grocery bags.
                         

           Hi guys.
                         

           Hey, sweetie.
                         

           Hey, Lori.
                         
          John gets up and gives Lori a kiss.
                         

           Ooh. I think you just got me stoned.
                         


           What do we got there?
                         

           Turkey burgers.
                         

           Oh. Okay. Are we having homos over for
           dinner or something?
                         


           No, just you homos.
                         

           Whoa!!!
                         
                         
                         



                         

           She's funny, John. You got yourself a
           regular Toni Collette.
                         

           Wait, who's that? Is that good?
                         

           She's a comedienne.
                         

           Oh nice. Is she pretty?
                         

           She's as pretty as she is funny. How was
           work?

           Good.
                         

           How's your dickhead boss?
                         

           Rex is fine. He only hit on me once
           today, so that's good.
                         

           I'm not saying this to be mean, but I
           really hope that fucker gets leukemia.
                         

           He's harmless, I can handle it.
                         

           Hey Johnny, while you're up, grab me a
           beer, huh?
                         

           
           Oh yeah, a coupla' Charles Brew-Kowskis?
                         

           Yes, a Brew-stoy-ovski would be nice
           right about now.
                         
          We see Lori roll her eyes. She's heard this before.
                         

           Jesus.
                         

           Maybe a Mike Brew-ga-slow-ski?
                         
                         



                         

           Perhaps a Ted Kazyn-brewski?
                         

           Y'know, I think I might also have a
           Martina Navra-ti-brewski.
                         

           Ohhhh, that doesn't work!/Come on, don't
           ruin it, yeah, that doesn't work.
                         

           Bullshit, what do you mean?
                         

           It doesn't work, the name has to have a
           "ski" at the end of it. You just put
           "brewski" on the end of Martina
           Navratolova.
                         

           I thought we were just doing funny names.
                         

           No, it's gotta have a "ski" at the end.
           Otherwise where's the challenge? If
           there's no "ski" at the end of the root
           word, then we would just be idiots saying
           nonsense.
                         
                         

                         
          It's raining, with an occasional roll of thunder.
                         

                         
          Lori lies in bed holding an iPad, reading a gossip news
          site, with the TV on. John comes out of the bathroom,
          and cozies up next to her.
                         


           Oh, look, they found those missing
           hikers.
                         

           They did? What happened?
                         

           It says they got separated and one of
           them had his foot trapped under a rock
           for five days.
                         



                         

           You know, if your leg got trapped under a
           rock, I'd chew it off to get you free.
                         


           You would?
                         

           I sure would.

           Is that cannibalism?
                         

           No, I think it's only cannibalism if you
           swallow.

           Oh yeah, no, I don't swallow.
                         
          She laughs.
                         

           Really? That's not what I heard about
           you.
                         

           It's not true, I'm a fuckin' classy
           broad.
                         


           I can see that.

           Y'know, speaking of classy, Ciao Bella's
           a really expensive restaurant. If you
           want, we can go somewhere else tomorrow
           night. I don't care, as long as we're
           together.
                         

           You kiddin' me? Four years we been going
           out, I'm takin' you to the best place in
           town. I been crappin' out room for it
           for two days, I know exactly what I'm
           gonna order.
                         

           
           You're disgusting.
                         

           And you get to pick any bottle of wine.
                         
                         



                         

           Ooh.
                         

           Any bottle of 2012 wine.
                         

           Oh, are the new wines in?
                         

           They are in and they. Are. Fresh.
                         
                         
          She leans over and kisses him again. He kisses her back.
                         

           I love you.

           I love you, too.
                         
          They continue to kiss, becoming more and more intimate.
          She starts to pull his T-shirt off, when there is a
          thunder clap from outside.
                         

           Ah, come on!
                         

           
           I don't understand it, 35 years old, and
           you're still scared of a little thunder.
                         

           I am not.
          We hear another thunderclap. Ted runs into the room with
          no warning and leaps into bed, right between Lori and
          John.
                         

           Thunder buddies for life, right Johnny?
           C'mon, let's sing the thunder song!
                         








                         

           Boomp.



                         
          Lori rolls over and goes to sleep with a groan.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori enters the building.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori gets off the elevator, where we see several signs
          that read "PLYMOUTH PUBLIC RELATIONS." Lori goes to her
          desk, looking exhausted. Lori's office friends, GINA,
          MICHELLE, and TRACY approach.
                         

           Wow...Baby, I'm not saying this to be
           nasty, but you look really tired.
                         

           Oh, I'm okay... except I didn't have time
           for breakfast, the garage was full, I
           spilled coffee on my leg, and I have a
           boyfriend who can't sleep through a storm
           without his teddy bear.
                         

           I don't understand why you keep putting
           up with him.
                         

           Yeah, I mean, the guy's thirty-five years
           old and he's working for a rental car
           service.
                         

           No, it's not that, I don't care about
           that. I'd love him even if he was a
           janitor. I mean, he's got a huge heart,
           we laugh together all the time, and it's
           just a bonus that he's like the hottest
           guy in Boston.
                         

           Yeah but the hottest guy in Boston is
           like being the classiest Kardashian.
                         

           I just wish he could get his life
           together, you know? Our life. And he
           can't, and I swear to god, it's all
           because of that bear.
                         
                         
                         



                         

           You should give him an ultimatum: it's
           you or the bear.
                         

           I can't do that, he'd be devastated. And
           I mean... what if he chose Ted?
                         

           Oh come on, you don't really think that.
                         

           Not really, but what if?
                         

           Well then... things happen for a reason.

           No they don't. That's just something
           girls say when something bad happens to
           them that they don't understand.
                         

           Fuck off, Tracy.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori's boss REX (asshole handsome, mid-30's, expensive
          suit) walks into the office, and approaches the gathering
          of female employees.
                         

           Well hello there. Sorry if I'm
           interrupting any private girl talk about
           Channing Tatum's index finger but Lori I
           need to see you in my office.
                         

           Actually Rex, I have a lot of work I need
           to get to--
                         

           Oh, this is work, I swear.
                         


           Okay, fine.
                         
          Lori follows Rex and gives the girls a "help!" look.
                         

           He's such an asshole.
                         
                         



                         

           Out of control. Such a sleaze.
                         

           You guys are so pathetic. You're
           shitting on Rex, and you both had sex
           with him.
                         
          Short beat.
                         

           Like once./I was drunk.
                         

           And so did you.
                         

           Well, I didn't want one of you whores
           getting promoted before me.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori sits across from Rex, who sits at a large desk.
                         

           So... what do you need to talk to me
           about, Rex?
                         
          Rex takes a framed picture out of a drawer, and shows it
          to her.
                         

           See that? That's me on the diving team
           in high school. We dove the shit outta
           that pool that year. If you look close,
           you can see the outline of my root.
                         


           You promised this was about work.
                         

           Lori, what is wrong with you? Why don't
           you like me? I'm rich, I'm good-looking,
           my dad owns the company--
                         

           I have a boyfriend, Rex. I think you
           know this.
                         

           Yeah, the guy with the teddy bear, that's
           a cute relationship, but I'm talking
           about being with a real man, Lori.





           Someone who wears a blazer on an
           airplane.
                         


           I'm very busy.
                         

           Well then, how do you have all that time
           to be in my head?
                         

           Goodbye, Rex.
                         
          Lori exits Rex's office. Rex casually gets up, strolls
          over to her chair, nonchalantly brushes his hand on the
          cushion where she was sitting, and nonchalantly smells
          his hand.
                         
                         


                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori sit across from each other at a
          romantically set table. They've just finished their
          meal. John has the remains of a lobster shell on his
          plate.
                         


           That was perfect.
                         
          A WAITRESS approaches.

           Would you like me to wrap up your
           leftovers?
                         

           Oh no, I'm fine, thanks.
                         
          John holds up the front portion of the lobster shell,
          which has the face and eyes on it.
                         

           Actually, could you wrap just this up for
           me? I wanna scare the shit outta
           somebody.
                         


           Sure.



                         
          The waitress walks away.
                         


           What are you, five years old?
                         

           Yeah, but I read at a six year-old level.
                         
          Another WAITER approaches with a bottle of champagne, two
          glasses, and some chocolate-covered strawberries.
                         

           Senor. Senora, here is your dessert and
           champagne.
                         

           Ooh, Cristal.
                         

           It's a special night. We've been dating
           for four years.

           And hey, all those rich black people
           can't be wrong, right?
                         

           It doesn't seem like four years, does it?
                         

           (affectionately taking her

           No, it doesn't.
                         

           You had no business being out on that
           dance floor, but I'm glad you were.
                         
                         

                         
          We see Lori out on the dance floor, amidst a sea of
          dancing clubgoers. Nearby, we see John dancing with a
          girl, and doing it very badly. He's putting too much
          into it, obviously trying to impress her. The girl is
          gamely tolerating it, but is clearly not digging the
          moves. John thrusts his butt back in one move,
          accidentally bumping a girl behind him with enough force
          to send her sprawling on the floor. As the crowd reacts
          to this, we see that it is Lori. She starts to get up,
          when John turns and rushes to help her to her feet.
                         

           Oh my god, are you okay? Oh god, I'm so
           sorry!



                         

           
           Yeah, I'm... I'm fine.
                         

           Oh Jesus, I'm so so sorry! I didn't see
           you! It was an accident!
                         

           Well, yeah, I... I would hope it was an
           accident.
                         

           Did you hurt your head?
                         

           Um, yes. My head hurts a lot.

           Oh, man. Here, let me get you some ice.
                         
          She sits down. He reaches into a nearby glass, pulls out
          a handful of ice, and wraps it in a napkin. He puts it
          against her head. She inhales sharply for a moment.
                         

           Sorry. Does it hurt?
                         

           (beat, noticing him for the

           N... No. No it's okay.
                         

           
           I'm... I'm John.

           I'm Lori.
                         
          They smile at each other...
                         
                         

                         

           Okay, here's a question that'll show how
           much you actually care about me. You
           remember we stayed and talked until the
           place closed, and then we went for late
           night eggs and waffles, and we stayed
           there til 5 a.m. watching a movie on the
           little TV in the diner. Name the movie.
                         
                         



                         

           Octopussy.
                         

           Gold star.
                         

           But does that show that I care about you,
           or I care about Roger Moore?
                         

           I'm gonna give you the benefit of the
           doubt.
                         

           Thank you. And by the way, my dancing
           was not that bad.


           Your dancing was bad.
                         

           I had some cool moves.
                         

           So do people with Parkinson's.
                         

           That's not how I remember it.
                         

           Yeah, how do you remember it?
                         
                         

          We see John leaning against the bar, wearing a white Navy
          officer's uniform, a la Ted Stryker in "Airplane!" as
          "Stayin' Alive" blasts from the jukebox. ANGLE ON LORI,
          who is up on the dance floor, done up like Julie Hagerty.
          John takes his hat off, and tosses it O.S. coolly. He
          struts up to the dance floor, locks eyes with Lori. They
          circle one another for a beat. John suavely takes off
          his jacket, twirls it in the air a few times, and tosses
          it O.S. He then strikes a "finger up" disco pose, with a
          bullet SFX. He and Lori begin disco dancing
          simultaneously. He jumps up, locking his legs around
          Lori, who spins him around in circles, as we cut back to:
                         
                         

                         

           Whatever you say, baby.



                         

           Hey, here's to four more years, huh?
                         
          They clink glasses, and take a sip.
                         

           Now I know we said no gifts, but--
                         

           No, we didn't.
                         

           --But, I got you something anyway, in
           clear violation of the "no gift" rule.
                         

           There was no such rule.
          John reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a small
          box. Lori looks excited.
                         

           Lori, I've wanted to give this to you for
           a long time.
                         
          John slides the box over to Lori. She picks it up.
                         

           Oh, John.
                         
          Lori unwraps the box and opens it. Inside is a pair of
          nice, but not-super-expensive-looking earrings.
                         

           Those are the ones you liked, right?
           From that kiosk at the mall?

           Oh. Yeah.
                         

           Check out the card.
                         
          She opens up the card, which we see as John describes it.
          It says, "Happy 4 year anniversary! Love you."
                         

           See, I even wrote the words with
           different colored markers so you wouldn't
           get bored while you were reading it.
                         


           Great. Thanks. Well, um, here. This is
           for you.



                         
          Lori hands John a small box. He opens it up, revealing a
          very nice watch.
                         


           Oh wow, a Hamilton!
                         
          He puts it on his wrist.
                         

           I remember you liked it when you saw Tom
           Brady wearing one in GQ.
                         

           Yeah, I mean his was analog, but this is
           so awesome, I love it!
          She reacts a bit to this.
                         

           Y'know, Lori...

           Someday, there's gonna be a ring in
           there. But I wanna wait `til I can get
           you something really special, y'know? I
           just don't have the money right now.
                         

           John, I don't need the Hope diamond, all
           I want is--
                         

           I know, but it's important to me that you
           have the engagement ring you deserve.
           And what with the credit bubble... the
           Supreme Court... I mean, look at Haiti.

           Look, I'm only saying this because I love
           you, but that's not realistic. You're
           never gonna have any kind of a career if
           you're always partying and wasting time
           with Ted.
                         

           Oh, Jesus, here we go--
                         

           John, please get him to find his own
           place, so we can get on with our lives.
                         

           Look, can we talk about this another
           time, and just enjoy our anniversary
           dinner?



                         

           Yeah. Fine. Let's talk about it ten
           years from now.
                         

           (rolling his eyes with a

           Lori, we can't talk about this every time
           we go out. Look, he's been my best
           friend since I was eight. And I was not
           a popular child. You have to understand,
           I had no friends before he came along.
           He's the only reason I ever gained any
           fucking confidence. I coulda wound up
           like that Asian kid at Virginia Tech, but
           I didn't. `Cause of him. So, y'know,
           I'm not that psyched to just, like, kick
           him out.
                         

           Well, it's good to know that a talking
           teddy bear is the only thing that kept
           you from gunning down your classmates,
           but John, you're not eight. You're
           thirty-five. And unless you're too blind
           to notice, he's not your only friend
           anymore. You have me. And I love you.
                         

           I love you, too. You know that.
                         

           Look, I've put the best physical years of
           my life into this. I mean, I'm cute now,
           but in a few years my body's gonna fall
           off a fucking cliff. Things'll be
           hanging and stretching in ways that might
           scare a man. I need to feel secure in
           the fact that you won't leave me when
           that happens.
                         

           Not only will I not leave you, it's gonna
           be even better. `Cause I can have sex
           with you, and press your arm fat against
           a comic book so I can see it backwards.
                         
          She laughs. So does he.
                         

           And, my boobs and vagina will all be in
           the same place, so that's a lot less
           movin' around for you.
                         
                         



                         

           I can do it all with one hand.
                         

           Exactly, and you can do whatever you want
           with the other hand.
                         

           I can write a novel. Maybe a bestseller.
                         

           We can achieve critical acclaim and
           become rich just by screwing each other.
                         
          They both laugh hard.
                         

           Well, I hope these jokes have distracted
           you from the actual problems in our
           relationship.
                         


           We can't put the real conversation off
           forever, John.
                         

           I dunno, I got a lotta fuckin' jokes.
                         
                         
                         

                         
          Their car pulls up. They start to get out.
                         


           Ah shit, hang on, my phone fell under the
           seat somewhere. Can you call it?
                         
          Lori punches his number on her cellphone. After a beat,
          we hear The Imperial March from "The Empire Strikes
          Back."
                         

           That's my ringtone?
                         

           
           Oh, yeah...
                         

           What is it? It sounds negative.
                         
                         



                         

           No, it's from The Notebook.
                         
          He reaches under the seat, fishing for the phone, as she
          goes inside.
                         


           This is gonna take some doin'.
                         

           All right, well I'll see you upstairs.
                         
          He continues digging for the phone, as she walks inside.
                         
                         

          Lori walks toward the apartment, but stops as she hears
          loud music coming from inside. She approaches the door
          cautiously and opens it, revealing...
                         
                         

                         
          Lori enters a haze of pot smoke, and a very much trashed
          apartment . Ted sits on
          the sofa with a small group of trashy-looking women.
          They're watching "Romancing the Stone," which plays very
          loudly on the TV.
                         

           What the hell is all this?!
                         

           Lori! Hey, you're home early! The
           ladies and I were just watching
           "Romancing the Stone." Got it on Blu-
           Ray. Came in a two-pack with "Jewel of
           the Nile," but I don't know that we'll
           end up watchin' that one.
                         

           This place is a wreck! Who are these
           girls?
                         

           Oh, where are my manners? Lori, this is
           Angelique, Heavenly, Cherene, and
           Sauvignon Blanc. I love you girls.
           Y'know, somewhere out there are four
           terrible fathers I wish I could thank for
           this great night.
                         
          The girls ad-lib "Hello," "Nice to meet you," etc.



                         
          Lori glances around the room, then SCREAMS as she sees
          something in the corner.
                         

           What is that?!!!
                         

           What's what?
                         

           There is... a shit in the corner! On the
           floor! There's a shit!
                         


           Oh man, that's what Dierdre was doin'
           over there in the corner for so long.
           Remember, she was crouched over there and
           I thought she was just makin' a call or

                         

           There is a shit!! On my floor!!
                         

           Yeah, she's passed out in the bathroom
           now, she seemed like she was hopped up on
           somethin'. I mean, mystery solved, I

                         

           What the fuck!!!!
                         

           Lori, if I can-- now this is just
           speculation, but... is it possible that
           this is not so much about the stool in
           the corner, and more about maybe
           tonight's dinner not measuring up to your
           expectations?
                         

           What!!! The fuck!!!
                         
          Lori is speechless with rage. At that moment, we see the
          lobster head poke in aggressively from behind the door.
                         


                         


           Ahaaaaa!
                         
                         



                         

           Who lives here? I'm comin' to get
           whoever lives here! You owe me lobster
           money!
                         


           Hahaaa! That's my friend John. Not the
           lobster, the guy runnin' it.
                         
          At that moment, John enters, holding his cell phone.
                         

           Found my phone.
                         
          He stops, seeing everyone there.

           What's goin' on?
           
           Is that a shit?
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Ted and John walk slowly down the ramp circling the
          massive see-through tank, occasionally stopping to
          observe some of the more bizarre varieties of fish. John
          is oddly restrained. Something is on his mind. As they
          stroll, we see a nearby man keeping an eye on them. He
          seems much more interested in them than in the fish.
          This, we will find out later, is DONNY...

           God, there are some fucked up fish out
           there.
                         

           Yeah.
                         

           Jesus, look at that one. Mister tough
           guy fish.
           
           "Hey! Whatsa big idea? Cold fusion?
           Well that is a big idea, I beg pardon!"
           Look at that guy. WASP-y white guy fish.
           
           "I don't care for some of Conan O'Brien's
           humor. I don't like Irish humor. And
           this food is too flavorful. I don't care
           for flavor in my food."





           (switching to goofy voice as
           a bottle-nosed fish swims

           "Oh hey, sorry I'm late, guys. Hey,
           where's everybody goin'? Any of you guys
           got a tissue? I'm allergic to water."
                         

           Ted... you gotta move out.
                         
          Ted turns and stares at John for a beat.
                         

           Wh... what?
                         

           It's... it's gotta happen.
          Ted sits down on a bench, a little stunned and dazed.
                         

           What...what did I do?
                         
          John looks heartbroken at this response.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted and John sit side-by-side on a bench next to the
          penguin habitat.
                         

           Ted, my relationship is at a very
           delicate stage, and, y'know, Lori and I
           may just need a little space right now.
           Plus a hooker took a shit in our
           apartment.
                         

           Hey, look, that was a tough night for all
           of us.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori is staring at the O.S. poop in the corner. She is
          trying to pick it up with a shoebox. In the background,
          we can see an almost panicky, grossed-out John peering
          out from behind the bathroom door.
                         


           Oh, god!!
                         
                         



                         

           Aaaa, what?!
                         

           It's so gross!!
                         

           Don't tell me, I don't wanna hear about
           it! Did you get it?
                         

           No! Oh my god!
                         

           Tell me when you get it!
                         

           AAAA, I got some on my thumb!
                         

           AAAAA! You can never cook with that hand
           again! I'm serious, learn to cook other-
           handed!
                         

           Shit!
                         

           I'll get the next one, okay?
                         
                         

                         

           She's makin' you do it, isn't she?

           
           Yes. But, that doesn't mean we can't
           hang out. We'll hang out all the time!
                         

           What about... thunder buddies for life,
           Johnny?
                         

           I know. Fuck. I just don't know what to
           do here. I know it sucks, but otherwise
           I'm gonna lose her. And I do love her,
           Ted.
                         


           I know you do, Johnny.
                         



                         

           I'll help you get on your feet out there,
           I promise.
                         

           And we'll hang out a lot, right?
                         

           Fuck, all the time.
                         

           
           Bring it over here.
                         
          John hugs Ted. Ted hugs him back. We hear a squeak, and
          a high-pitched recorded voice saying "I wuv you." John
          and Ted pull away from each other uncomfortably.

          That was the-- the thing-- The old-- Yeah-- no, I know-
          that doesn't mean-- I'm not -
          gay.
                         

           We've got to get you a job.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John and Ted head toward the store. Ted is dressed in a
          coat and tie, and looks very uncomfortable.
                         

           I look stupid.
                         

           No, you don't. You look dapper.
                         

           I look like Snuggles' accountant. 
                         
          They pause as John straightens Ted's tie.
                         

           Look, I know it sucks, but you gotta make
           some money so you can pay for an
           apartment.
                         

           I don't wanna work at a grocery store.
                         
                         



                         

           Well, you have no skills.
                         

           I told you, I can totally be a lawyer.
                         

           As I said, you would need a law degree
           from a law school.
                         

           I'm a special case. I'm a fucking
           talking bear. They might make an
           exception `cause they're all like, "Aaa!
           This bear can talk and do stuff! Let's
           give him a job and maybe he'll give us a
           few laughs," but then they're surprised
           at what a stellar performance I'm turnin'
           in. And then they practically have to
           give me the Anderson case.
                         

           Look, you get the job, and we'll
           celebrate after.
                         
          John discreetly pulls out a baggie of weed.
                         

           And if I don't get the job will we still
           smoke that pot?
                         

           Probably, yes.
                         

           
           Yeah. Okay, good speech, coach.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted sits opposite FRANK, the grocery store manager. We
          see his name and title on a desk nameplate. Frank sits at
          the desk, staring at Ted.
                         

           So. You think you got what it takes?
                         

           Nope.
                         

           
           No one's ever talked to me like that
           before. You're hired.



                         

           Shit.
                         
                         

                         
           John and Ted walk across the Common,
          passing various park-goers. The occasional person
          notices and points with a "Hey, isn't that..." sort of
          look. They passes three cute girls who flag Ted down.
          Two pose with him as the third takes their picture with
          her cellphone. Ted poses for the photo with one hand on
          the girl's breast. She laughs hard. Ted waves goodbye,
          and he and John make their way over to a park bench.
          They sit. John takes out the weed, looks around for a
          beat, then starts to discreetly roll a joint.

           Well, I'm a former celebrity with a
           minimum wage job. This must be what the
           cast of Different Strokes feels like.
                         

           Excuse me.
                         
          John and Ted react, startled. John stuffs the weed in
          his pocket, accidentally dropping the buds in the rolling
          papers on the ground.
                         
          ANGLE ON a creepy-looking man glancing at them
          repeatedly. This is Donny, the fat kid we saw in the
          prologue. He has grown up into a thinner but no less
          creepy man.
                         

           I'm sorry to bother you, but my son and I
           couldn't help but admire your teddy bear.
                         
          ADJUST TO REVEAL his son, who looks exactly like fat
          young Donny from earlier.
                         

           
           Oh. Um, thank you.
                         

           I'm Donny. And this is my boy, Robert.
           I have to tell you, I've been fascinated
           by your story ever since I was a boy. I
           remember seeing you on the Carson show.
           You were just wonderful.
                         
          BRIEF ANGLE ON the ground, where a pigeon is pecking at
          the dropped weed.
                         



                         

           Yeah, that was ah... that was a good
           time.
                         


           I wonder, is there any chance I could
           purchase the bear from you? For my son?
                         

           Huh? / Excuse me?
                         


           I want it.
                         

           Hey, I'm not an "it", pal. I'm a "he."
                         

           
           I'm sorry, little guy, but my bear isn't
           for sale. I've had him since I was about
           your age. He's very special to me.
                         

           Sit up straight when you talk to me.
                         


           Ew, why the fuck did he say that?
                         

           Don't swear in front of my child. Now.
           We are very interested in the bear. If
           you'd like to work out some sort of
           arrangement, here's my address and phone
           number.
                         
          He writes on a slip of paper and hands it to John. John
          smiles awkwardly and puts it in his wallet.
                         

           Okay. Will do. Here it goes, in the
           really important pocket for really
           important stuff.
                         
          Donny and Robert walk off. Donny turns and steals a
          glance back at Ted as they move off.
                         

           Wow. Can you imagine what that little
           shit would do to me?
                         
                         



                         

           Oh man, I can totally see him just taking
           you down to the basement and really
           slowly de-limbing you while singing some
           creepy Victorian nursery rhyme.
                         
          John tugs on one of Ted's arms trying to creep him out.
          He then breaks into a creepy falsetto.
                         




                         

           Fuck you. Why do you have to take it so
           far? Now it's real. Fuck you again for
           that. C'mon, let's go find a better
           place to get stoned.
                         
          They exit. After a beat, the pigeon flies into frame,
          slamming right into a fucking tree.
                         
                         

                         
          John and Ted walk into the building. John carries two
          cardboard boxes, and Ted carries one smaller one.
                         
                         

                         
          There's a couch, a coffee table, and a couple of boxes.
          John and Ted put down their boxes, and stand just inside
          the doorway.

           Well... I guess this is it, huh?
                         

           Yeah, sure is.
                         

           First night on your own.
                         

           Yeah. First night in my beautiful new
           apartment. They say they're ain't hardly
           been no murders here.
                         
          They awkwardly nod to each other, both knowing that John
          must leave soon.
                         

           Okay... so... if you need anything...



                         

           I know.
                         

           Seriously, anything...
                         

           I know. I'll be fine, Johnny.
                         


           I know you will, buddy.
                         
          They regard each other for a moment, then John slowly
          turns and walks off down the hall. He turns back to
          smile and wave. From John's POV, we see a diminutive-
          looking Ted give a wan wave back. He looks very alone as
          the camera recedes.
                         

                         
          John sits on the couch, putting his tie on as he watches
          TV. Lori comes over and sits down next to him.
                         

           Hey there.
                         

           Hey.
                         

           Listen... I just wanna say thank you.
           What you did with Ted was a big step, and
           I know it wasn't easy, but I just want
           you to know that I love you for it. And,
           I think this a new beginning for our
           relationship.
                         

           Hey, anything for you. This is all part
           of the new grown up, adult John Bennett.
           So, get used to him.
                         
          She gives him a kiss, and starts to undo his tie.
                         

           Y'know, I don't have to be at work for
           another twenty minutes...
                         

           (guiding her down onto the

           Ooh, that's perfect, I'm only gonna need
           one.
                         



                         
          She laughs, and they kiss.
                         

           You know what my favorite thing about you
           is? After four years, you can still
           surprise me. To step up and change such
           a big part of your life just to make your
           girlfriend happier... I dunno, I bet you
           most guys couldn't do it.
                         

           Most guys don't have you to motivate `em.
                         

           I'm sorry if I was pushy about it...
                         

           No, you were right! Look, the reason I
           love you so much is the same reason I
           guess I take you for granted sometimes.
           It's `cause you're... inevitable.
                         

           
           Inevitable. Well, that's... romantic? I
           think?
                         

           No, what I mean is, there's just no
           version of this universe where you and I
           don't end up together. You're
           inevitable.
                         

           That sounds like something Stephen
           Hawking would say to his girlfriend.

           But do you get what I'm saying?
                         

           Yeah, I do. And I feel exactly the same
           way about you.
                         
          They kiss.
                         

           (smiling coyly, as she

           Ooh. Is that a Flash Gordon ray gun in
           your pocket or are you glad to see me?
                         
          John pulls the Flash Gordon gun out of his pocket and
          shows it to her. She cracks up.

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Ted is at his station, finishing checking out a customer.
                         

           Thank you, please come again, we have a
           lot more groceries.
                         
          The customer exits. Ted sighs with boredom. He turns to
          ELLEN, the large African-American woman at the next
          station.
                         

           Hey Ellen?

           Yeah?
                         

           Who's that over there?
                         
          ANGLE ON A VERY ATTRACTIVE blonde girl bagging groceries
          a few aisles away .
                         

           That's the new bag girl. I don't know
           her name, but she seems cute.
                         

           Yeah. Very cute. You know what I'd like
           to do to her? Somethin' I call a Dirty
           Fozzie.
          Ted waves to the girl. She waves back. He makes a kissy
          face at her. She giggles and blows him a kiss back. He
          pantomimes hard, thrusting, standing-up sex. Her eyes
          widen for a beat, as she stares, then smiles. He grabs
          an Oh Henry bar, and pantomimes fellatio. The girl
          laughs hysterically. CLOSE ANGLE on Ted, as white liquid
          sprays all over his face from one side, then from the
          other. WIDEN to reveal he's squirting two bottles of
          pump hand soap on either side of him. The girl laughs
          and shakes her head "no."
                         


           Okay, so that's where we'll draw the
           line.
                         
                         


                         
                         

                         
          John sits at his workstation, playing a TBD video game on
          his iPhone. Tanya approaches.
                         

           Hey. How you holding up?
                         

           Oh, I'm all right. Just... getting used
           to things, that's all.
                         

           It's gonna be all right. Y'know, I went
           through something like this with my last
           boyfriend.

           Really?
                         

           Yeah, we were dating for eight months,
           and I was really in love with him, and
           then he was deported back to Iran. So, I
           get it.
                         

           Oh... yeah. So... I guess we both lost
           our furry little guy.
                         

           Yeah.
                         
          John's phone rings the theme from "Knight Rider." He
          sees Ted's name pop up, with a photo of Ted smiling open-
          mouthed at the camera, with his arms outstretched and a
          bra on his head. John picks up.
                         

           Hey, Ted.
                         

           Johnny. What are you doin'? You wanna
           come over and catch a buzz?
                         

           I could probably swing by after work.
                         

           Fuck that, I traded off yesterday, so I
           got the night shift. C'mon, I'm bored as
           crap over here, just swing by for a bit.
                         
                         
                         



                         

           I can't just ditch work, man. Look, I'm
           trying to get my shit together and be an
           adult here, y'know? For Lori's sake.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted sits in the tub, talking on the phone. He has suds
          in his hair, and there are a couple of little toy boats
          in the water. From here, we intercut back and forth from
          him and John.
                         

           John. Five minutes. And then I'll kick
           you out, I promise. C'mon, I picked up
           the "Cheers" DVD box set, and supposedly
           everybody talks shit about each other in
           the interviews.
                         

           Really?
                         

           Yeah, and apparently George Wendt
           confesses to a rape.
                         


           Sometimes adults get high.
                         

           They do, John. Sometimes they do.
                         

           You'll kick me out in five.

           John, I have to kick you out. I am
           extraordinarily busy today, I have so
           much teddy bear paperwork to get through,
           it is retarded. Five minutes and you're
           outta here.
                         
          John turns and looks back at Thomas in his office.
                         

           What do I tell Thomas?
                         

           Just tell him you don't feel well.

                         
                         

                         
          John stands in front of Thomas, who sits at his desk.
                         

           I gotta duck out for a bit. Lori tried
           to break up a dog fight, and I guess she
           got hurt pretty bad.
                         

           Oh my god.
                         

           Yeah, she's-- that's the way she is, she
           sees trouble, she tries to help out, and
           I guess one of these dogs clamped his
           jaws on her forearm, and he wouldn't let
           go until the fireman showed up and had to
           stick his finger in his ass.
                         

           Jesus, John.
                         

           Yeah, she's pretty shook up.
                         

           Oh my god.

           Up the dog's ass, right?
                         

           Yeah, that's how they--
                         

           That's how they get `em to stop biting,
           sure.
                         

           Yeah.
                         

           Go go go, take care of it, let me know
           how she is.
                         

           Oh gosh, thank you, sir. I owe you one.
                         

           You don't owe me anything, go.
                         
          John smiles wanly, and exits.
                         
                         
                         



                         

           
           Jesus.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON THE TV - Ted Danson sits in a chair, being
          interviewed.
                         

           Was there cocaine on the set of "Cheers"?
           Hm. Lemme figure out the best way to
           answer that. Um...are there naked dicks
           in gay porn?

           Yes, there was quite a lot of cocaine. I
           mean, it was the eighties. And I was
           king. I was king of the eighties. I was
           Ted fucking Danson. And not only that, I
           was Sam fucking Mayday Malone. Was I
           popular? Gee, lemme think: are there
           naked dicks in gay porn?

           Yes, I was quite beloved.
                         
          ANGLE ON Ted and John watching. They have a bong.
                         

           You know, he's exactly who you want him
           to be.
                         

           He is. He is. Someone the likes of
           which we should all aspire to become.
                         

                         

           Woody Harrelson. Smallest dick I've ever
           seen on a man.
                         
          ANGLE BACK ON John and Ted -
                         

           
           Here, try this stuff. I told my guy to
           step it up, and he gave me this.
                         

           What is it?
                         



                         

           It's called Kennedy's Head. It's
           actually pretty mellow.
                         

           That doesn't sound very mellow.
                         

           No, it's-- it makes you cerebral. Like
           Kennedy. Kennedy was smart. That's what
           it refers to. Decisions under pressure.
           Cuban missile crisis. Go on, spark it
           up.
                         
          John takes a hit off the bong, then glances around.
                         

           Y'know, this place looks great.
                         

           Yeah, it's all Ikea. Did the whole
           apartment for 47 dollars.
                         

           How are the neighbors?
                         

           There's an Asian family next door, but
           they don't have a gong or nothin', so
           it's fine.
                         

           That's lucky.
                         

           How's work?

           Sucks.
                         

           Ah.
                         

           You?
                         

           It's actualy not bad. Met a girl. She's
           a bagger.
                         

           No way, that's awesome. We should double
           date, you, me Lori and, what's her name?
                         
                         



                         

           White trash name. Guess.
                         

           Uh, Mandy?
                         

           Nope.
                         

           Madison?
                         

           Nope.
                         

           Britney, Tiffany, Candice?

           Nope.
                         

           Don't fuck with me on this. I know this
           shit.
                         

           I know you do, and I am not fucking with
           you.
                         

           Okay, Brandi, Heather, Channing, Breanna,
           Amber, Sabrina, Melody, Dakota, Sierra,
           Bambi, Crystal, Samantha, Autumn, Ruby,
           Taylor, Tara, Tamra, Tami, Lauren,
           Charlene, Chantel, Courtney, Misty,
           Jenna, Krista, Mindy, Noelle, Shelby,
           Trina, Reba, Cassandra, Nikki, Kelsey,
           Shawna, Jolene, Earline, Claudine,
           Savannah, Kasey, Dolly, Kendra, Carla,
           Chloe, Devon, Emmylou, Becky?
                         

           Nope.
                         

           Okay, was it any one of those names with
           a Lynn after it?
                         

           Yep.
                         

           Okay. Brandi-Lynn, Heather-Lynn--
                         
                         



                         

           Tami-Lynn.
                         

           Fuck!
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John, Ted, Lori and Ted's dolled-up and sort of trashy
          date Tami-Lynn  eat
          dinner.
                         

           See, I was all pissed off `cause me and
           my friend Danielle were supposed to go
           skydiving last year, but then she got
           pregnant from this asshole guy, and so we
           couldn't go and I was all upset, but then
           she had a miscarriage, and so we ended up
           getting to go skydiving, and it was so
           scary but it was so much fun.
                         

           Hey, well... it sounds like everything
           worked out then.
                         

           I guess god wanted me to go skydiving,
           y'know?
                         

           Jesus.

           Or Jesus, yeah, but whatever.
                         

           Hey, isn't this great? The four of us
           here, having dinner together? Lori,
           how've you been? Haven't seen you in
           forever.
                         

           Um, I've been good. Not much going on.
           My company's 20th anniversary is next
           week, that's something.
                         

           
           Lori's a senior VP at a big PR firm.
                         



                         

           It's not that big a deal.
                         

           Company's turnin' 20, eh? So you can
           bang it but you can't get it drunk.
                         
          Tami-Lynn laughs heartily at this, as does John. Lori
          isn't quite as delighted.
                         


           I'm surprised John didn't tell you
           already. Seems like you guys have seen
           each other every day since you moved out.
                         

           Well, it's funny, usually the first item
           on our agenda is "what's goin' on with
           Lori?" So I'm surprised that one slipped
           through the cracks.
                         

           We do, we talk about you all the time.
                         

           Right?
                         

           Oh my god, remember, Ted, last week we
           were talking about... how... neat all of
           Lori's shoes are?
                         

           That was a lengthy conversation.

           And we were saying like, a lot of women
           look like unsteady horses when they wear
           high heels, but Lori has a sort of...
           regal... trot.
                         

           A canter.
                         

           Oh my god yes. You canter.
                         
          Lori stares at him for a beat, then:
                         

           So, Tami, where are you from? Tell us
           about yourself. I'm always... fascinated
           to meet Ted's girlfriends.
                         



                         

           What do you mean girlfriends?

           Is there like a lot of `em or somethin'?
                         

           No, no, that's not what she's sayin' at
           all, right Lori?
                         

           No, right, I was-- all I was doing was
           asking. Ted's very... attractive, I'm
           just always interested in the... type of
           girl that can snatch him up.
                         

           Did you just call me a whore?

           What? No, I--
                         

           You just worry about your own snatch, how
           `bout that, honey?
                         

           Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! / What the hell
           happened? We're havin' a friendly meal
           here!
                         

           Don't talk shit to me!
                         

           I was just asking a question.

           You're a friggin' snob! You think you're
           all cool cause you work at some fancy
           shit place!
                         

           It's okay, Tami.

           Nice, Lori. Real nice.
                         

           What?! It's not my fault she can't speak
           English.
                         

           Fuck you! Just `cause you're all in the
           business world and shit, you think
           everyone's supposed to like, suck your
           asshole!



                         

           Baby! Baby! Baby. Baby. Let's get outta
           here. We'll go back to my place for a
           couple vodka and strawberry Quiks. Okay?
           See ya, John.
                         
          Ted and Tami Lynn exit leaving John and Lori at the
          table.
                         

           What a cunt.
                         

           
           Ooh! I hate that word.
                         

           Huh?
                         

           That word is so sharp. It's like an
           electric sword, slashing everything in
           its path.
                         

           Well, you didn't exactly stick up for me.
                         

           I... I'm trying to walk a line here, I
           want to be fair to you and to him,
           y'know?
                         

           Yeah, well, I think you're being a little
           more fair to him.


           Come on.
                         

           Y'know, your boss called this morning and
           asked me how my arm was.
                         


           Oh?
                         

           Yeah. Because of the dog fight I tried
           to break up.
                         

           Ohh...
                         



                         

           If I had to hazard a guess, I'd say that
           was some bullshit lie you made up so you
           could take off work and go to Ted's. Am
           I right?
                         


           I... I made you out to be a hero.
                         

           John, Ted moved out so we could give
           ourselves a chance without him. You're
           not really giving anything a chance if
           you're blowing off work to get high with
           your teddy bear.

           It won't happen again, I promise.
                         

           
           Yes. It will.
                         
          A beat. She sighs.
                         

           I wanna break up.
                         


           W... What?
                         

           I'm just... I'm done. This isn't gonna
           work. We're in two different places.

           Lori, look, I know--
                         

           You promised me you were gonna grow up
           and take our life together seriously.
                         

           Hey, Ted moved out, didn't he? I did
           that for you-- for us! And it wasn't
           easy.
                         

           Jesus, he might as well still be living
           with us, John. You spend more time with
           him than you do with me.
                         
                         



                         

           Okay, look. I've been getting stoned too
           much. I know that. I've been bumming
           around with Ted too much, I know that,
           too. Give me one more chance, I promise
           I can fix it. Lori, I love you too much,
           please give me one more chance.
                         


           I need a man, John. Not a boy with a
           teddy bear.
                         

           I know. Done. Man, right here in front
           of you. Look at these pecs. Man pecs.
           Look at the hair on my upper lip. Man
           hair. I just farted. Man fart.
                         
          Lori can't help but let a small laugh escape. She
          softens a bit...
                         

           John... this really is your last chance.
           I can't do this anymore.
                         

           You won't have to. Trust me. I love
           you.
                         
          He kisses her.
                         


           Okay.

           Aw, sweetie, I love you so much! You
           won't be sorry, I swear.
                         
          She smiles at him, then:
                         

           Did you really just fart?
                         

           Yeah, but I pushed it that way with my
           hand.
                         

           Oh. Wonder where it'll hit first.
                         
          WIDER ANGLE on the restaurant. For a moment, nothing
          happens.
                         



                         
          Then, a guy at a table on the right (sitting with a
          couple other men and women) screams into his napkin,
          followed by his dining companions.
                         


           Who did this to us?!
                         


           God dammit! I'm here on business!
                         
                         

                         
                         

          Ted's boss, Frank, emerges from the back, writing on a
          clipboard. He looks up, and his expression turns to
          confused anger as he sees an unusually long line at
          Ellen's register.
                         

           What the hell?
                         
          He walks over to the line. A GUY IN LINE turns and
          notices him.
                         

           Hey, dude, you think you could open more
           than one register? There's like a
           thousand people here!
                         

           There's supposed to be three registers
           open, for god's sake!
                         
          He looks around, aggravated, for a moment, then storms
          off toward the back. He looks around the butcher's
          counter and produce area, then walk into the back
          storeroom.
                         
                         

                         
          Frank opens the door, and reacts with shock. REVERSE
          ANGLE where we see Ted on top of Tami Lynn, who is almost
          naked. He is doing a very close approximation of banging
          her wildly. We see his furry bear butt pumping away,
          with its little tail on the end. Frank screams in shock
          and horror.

                         
                         

                         
          Frank sits at his desk, addressing Ted.
                         

           You had sexual intercourse with a
           coworker in a storeroom filled with
           produce that we sell to the public.
                         

           Yes.
                         


           That took guts. We need guts. I'm
           promoting you.

           Oh.
                         
                         

                         
          We see the "CLOSED" sign on the door. Ted exits,
          finishing off a bottle of beer. He walks around to the
          dumpster alley, and lines up for a Kareem-style sky hook
          shot into a trash can. He takes the shot:
                         

           Kareem!
                         
          The bottle smashes off the side of the can, and shatters.
                         

           You suck, Kareem.
          We hear a soft footstep somewhere O.S. Ted turns and
          looks around. There appears to be no one in the
          darkness.
                         

           Hello?
                         
          No answer. He looks around for a beat, and finds
          nothing. He turns... and finds himself facing Donny, who
          stands eerily lit by a single outdoor wall bulb.
                         

           Hello, Ted.
                         

           Gah! Uh... hi there.
                         

           Are you all alone out here?



                         

           Uh... no. No I'm not. I'm... you know,
           you're never alone when you're with
           Christ.
                         

           You know, Robert and I could give you a
           very, very good home.
                         

           I'm... I'm pretty happy where I am. I
           just got a shitty new apartment--
                         

           I can offer you six thousand dollars in
           railroad bonds. They were left to me by
           my father.

           Well, gosh, you know, since I just
           returned from active duty in the Civil
           War, that sounds really appealing. Oh
           wait, no, that was a hundred and fifty
           years ago, and I don't give a shit.
                         
          Tami-Lynn approaches.
                         

           Teddy, come on-- we're gonna have pop
           tarts and cigarettes with my mom before
           she goes to work.
                         

           Yeah, I'm comin', sweetheart.

           Yeah, my dance card is quite full, so I'm
           gonna have to decline.
                         

           I really wish you wouldn't...
                         

           Yeah, sorry. But, ah... you know, I'd
           like to thank you for creepin' up my
           night, and... Jesus be with you. In
           Christ.
                         
          Ted hurries off. ANGLE ON DONNY, who looks eerily
          determined.

                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori walk up to the fabulously expansive house
          in Cambridge. It's a very impressive estate with no
          expense spared.
                         

           
           I'm glad you're here.
                         

           Yeah, me too. Is it cool if I kick your
           boss' ass? That won't affect your
           workplace chemistry, will it?
                         

           Play nice. Please.
          Rex throws open the door.
                         

           There she is! I was worried you weren't
           coming!

           Hi kiddo, how ya doin'? Where's your
           bunny rabbit?
                         

           He's a bear.
                         

           
           Got it. "Hey, this house is fucking
           huge!" I know guys, try not to get lost.
                         

                         
          The party is a very costly-looking event: uniformed
          servers walking around with trays of cocktails and hors
          d'ouvres, tables laden with lavish-looking food displays
          and floral arrangements, a 20-piece big band, and
          hundreds of guests. A large banner reads "Happy 20th
          Anniversary, Plymouth Public Relations."
                         

           Oh, here come the ladies.
                         
          Gina, Michelle, and Tracy approach. Everyone adlibs
          their hellos to John and Lori. A waiter walks by with a
          tray of champagne. Lori and the girls each take a glass.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         

           Say listen, why don't John and I give you
           gals a chance to talk tampax while we go
           grab a drink at the bar, huh?
                         

           Sure.
                         
                         

                         
          Rex and John are walking up the stairs to the second
          floor of his house. Rex points out various items bought
          at auction. John is visibly unenthused. He does not
          like this guy, and definitely does not trust him.
                         

           ...and that's a Wade Boggs autographed
           bat. Just barely outbid Phil Donahue for
           that at auction.
                         

           Wow, cool.
                         

           Yeah, cool. And those boxing gloves were
           worn by Joe Louis in his first fight.
           (passing an abstract

           This is art. Do you get it?
           (passing wall mounted pair of

           These were John Lennon's glasses. Worth
           about two million dollars.
           
           That's me and Tom Skerritt. Oh, and
           check this out.
                         
          Rex indicates a small, bronze-colored item on a stand.
                         

           See that? Know what that is?
                         


           No.
                         

           That's Lance Armstrong's nut.
                         
          John quickly pulls his hand away.
                         

           Something, isn't it? Had it freeze-dried
           and bronzed.





           Every now and then, when I feel like my
           life's gettin' me down and things are
           tough, I just come in here and look at
           it, and it reminds me that things aren't
           so bad. That some people have it worse
           than me. I mean, he's only got one ball,
           and I have three. One of them, of
           course, being his.
                         

           That's inspiring. You've led a rich
           life.
                         

           I've fucked the shit outta life.

           So talk to me, Goose. How are things
           with you and Lori?
                         

           Things are great, actually.
                         

           That's good, that's good.
                         

           You know... Lori would hate me for saying
           this, but... she's told me how you are at
           the office, and... as one gentleman to
           another, I just wanna say I really hope
           you fucking get Lou Gehrig's disease.
                         

           Whoa, whoa, okay, look, I think I oughtta
           just clear the air here a little. I...
           just want you to know that... I mean,
           yeah, I'm kind of a "fun-time boss" and
           whatnot, but... look man, I do that with
           everybody at the office! I'm just a
           kook! I have no designs on your
           girlfriend. We work together, and that's
           it. I think you're a great guy and she's
           very lucky.
                         
          John is a bit surprised, not unpleasantly so, to hear
          this.
                         

           Well... that's good to hear.
                         

           Well, that's how it is, so...there we go.
                         

           Okay.



                         

           Yeah.
                         
          They stand there for a beat, looking at Lance Armstrong's
          nut. John's phone rings the "Knight Rider" theme. John
          answers it.
                         

           Hey, Ted.
                         
          INTERCUT PERIODICALLY BETWEEN JOHN AND TED, who stands in
          the foreground with one finger in his ear. In the
          background, we see a party in full swing.
                         

           Johnny! You gotta get over here, man!

           Why? What's going on?
                         

           I'm havin' a little impromptu thing with
           some people, and John... Sam Jones is
           here.
                         

           What?!
                         

           Sam Jones. Flash fucking Gordon. Is
           here.
                         

           Holy shit! How?
                         

                         

           Remember I said, my buddy's cousin is
           friends with Sam Jones? My buddy's in
           town with his cousin and who's with `em?
           Sam Jones!!
                         
                         

                         

           Sam Jones is here, and John...
           
           ...his hair is parted down the middle.
                         


           Just like in the movie.



                         

           Get over here.
                         

           Fuck! I can't... I'm with Lori. I'm
           already on probation here.
                         
          John looks down at the main area of the party, and sees
          Lori happily chatting with her co-workers.
                         


           I just... I can't.
                         
                         


           John. There are moments in a man's life:
           Nathan Hale, "I regret that I have but
           one life to give for my country." Alan
           Hale, "Yes, I accept the role of the
           Skipper on `Gilligan's Island.'"
                         
                         

                         

           John, this is your Alan Hale moment. For
           god's sake, come share this with me.
                         

           
           I'm coming.
                         
          John hangs up.

           Rex. I gotta go. I'll be back in thirty
           minutes tops, but Lori cannot find out.
           She absolutely cannot know I was gone.
           If you can cover for me... we're cool on
           all that other stuff.
                         

           I got your back, my friend. Been there.
           She'll never know.
                         

           This is one man to another. I don't
           really know you, but I'm trusting you.
           As a man. This is serious. Can I trust
           you?
                         
                         



                         

           Dude. One man to another. I got you on
           this.
                         


           Okay. Thank you.
                         
          John races O.S.... and Rex raises his scotch glass to his
          mouth.
                         


           I'm gonna make traditional to your
           girlfriend. And then fuck her in the
           ass. All right. We have a game plan.
                         

                         
          The "Football Fight" music from "Flash Gordon" starts
          playing, as John bolts O.S.
                         
                         

                         
          John sprints out of the house and runs down the walkway.
          He leaps over a hedge toward the parking area. He slides
          across the hood of Lori's car, gets in, quickly starts
          the car, and backs out.
                         
                         

                         
          CUT TO various shots of John racing through the city on
          his way to Ted's. Finally, he pulls up to Ted's
          apartment.
                         
                         

                         
          John throws open the door. The place is as lively as it
          can be. The party is packed with people, including Alix
          and Tanya, John's co-workers from Liberty. There are
          also a large number of booze-swilling guys and hot
          chicks. Ted runs up, wearing a blazer.
                         

           Johnny! Thank Christ you made it!
                         


           I got ten minutes, where's Flash Gordon?
                         
                         



                         

           Okay, get ready, man.
           
           Hey, Sam! This is the guy I was tellin'
           you about!
                         
          John turns to look in the direction Ted is indicating.
          The shot slows down into slo-mo as John's eyes widen, and
          he sees...
                         
          OPPOSITE ANGLE - Across the room, SAM J. JONES turns in
          slo-mo to face John. He is inexplicably still sporting
          the same hairstyle he had in the "Flash Gordon" movie.
          We hear the theme from "Flash Gordon." We INTERCUT back
          and forth from him to John:
                         
          ON JOHN - He stands frozen in awe.
          ON SAM - He smiles as he begins to walk toward the
          camera, in John's POV.
                         
          ON JOHN - He continues to stare in frozen awe.
                         
          ON SAM - Still slowly walking toward camera in John's
          POV, but he is now dressed in the Flash Gordon costume.
                         
          ON JOHN - He continues to stare in frozen awe.
                         
                         

                         
          Sam J. Jones flies on the flying Jetski from the movie.
          John stands behind him on the back, with his arms around
          Sam's chest, as if on the back seat of a motorcycle.
          John has a huge, elated smile on his face.
                         

                         
          ON John - He still stares in awe.
                         
          ON SAM - He smiles and offers an outstretched hand for a
          handshake.
                         
          BACK TO NORMAL SPEED - Sam walks up to John with Ted by
          his side.
                         

           John, this is Sam Jones. Sam, this is my
           best friend in the whole world, John.
                         

           Hi there. Good to meet you.
                         
                         



                         

           
           I... thank you for saving every one of
           us.
                         

           You're welcome. Hey, let's do some
           shots, huh?
                         

           With you? Yes. Oh my god, yes.
                         
          Sam passes out shots of Southern Comfort.
                         

           
           Death to Ming!
          John and Ted look at each other, squealing with delight.
          Everyone then does their shots.
                         

           Hey, you guys seem pretty cool.

           You like to party?
                         
          John and Ted don't answer for a beat. They look at each
          other nervously. It's clear neither one has any
          experience with this sort of thing.
                         

           Aw, come on dudes. Don't tell me you've
           never done it before.
                         

           
           Not... recently, no.
                         

           You fellas better come with me.
                         
                         

                         
          John, Ted, and Sam emerge from the bathroom. John's eyes
          are wide and enthusiastic. Ted has a little bit of
          powder on his nose, and his ears are flattened back. And
          Sam is just playing it cool.
                         

           Wow.
                         

           Let's party like the `80's huh?
                         



                         


           Show us how, Flash.
                         

           It's easy. We just gotta bang a lotta
           girls named Stephanie.
                         

           Holy shit.
           
           All these people need to be talked to.
                         
                         

                         
          John and Ted sit staring at each other intensely across
          the table.
                         

           Look Johnny, if we're ever gonna get
           serious about openin' a restaurant we
           gotta start plannin' it now.
                         

           Italian.
                         

           Italian, yes.
                         

           What's the special on Tuesdays?
                         

           Eggplant parm.

           Chopped salad half price.
                         

           And it's a non-restricted place.
                         

           Yeah--wait, whaddaya mean?
                         

           Anybody can come.
                         

           Of course.
                         

           Mormons are welcome.
                         
                         



                         

           Well yeah--why wouldn't they be?
                         

           Exactly, that's what I'm saying.
                         

           But why even bring that up--
                         

           You don't bring it up. You just let `em
           in.
                         

           Yeah, but why mention it?
                         

           No one will.
                         

           So why are we talking about it?
                         

           You're talkin' about it, I'm just sayin'
           let `em in.
                         

           Yes, let `em in.
                         

           Exactly.
                         

           Right.
                         

           Good.
                         

           Okay.
                         

           No Catholics, though.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted stands opposite a group of party guests who sit on
          the couch. He holds a knife.
                         

           No see, I can do this.
                         

           Shut up.



                         

           My teddy bear biology gives me superhuman
           reflexes.
                         

           Let him try it, man.
                         

           Fuck it, all right.
                         
          Guy #1 puts his hand down on the coffee table and Ted
          starts doing the knife trick from "Aliens". He gets it
          right for a few seconds, then stabs the guy right through
          the hand. The guy screams in pain.
                         

           Well, you never shoulda trusted me, I'm
           on drugs!
                         
                         

                         
          John stands with a pair of fake bear ears on his head,
          doing an impression of Ted as a small group of partygoers
           watches, laughing hysterically.
                         


           Hey Johnny, I just had a great idea--
           let's go get drunk and puke on cars from
           the overpass!
                         

           Oh god, that was a fun day.
                         


           Johnny, you gotta get over here man, I
           just tried this DMT all the kids are
           talkin' about, and I'm in trouble! I
           think I got sucked inside my chair!
                         

           I do not sound that much like Peter
           Griffin.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted sits on the couch drawing a pair of Garfield eyes on
          a topless girl. Below the eyes he has drawn the muzzle
          and the mouth, and above them the ears.
                         
                         
                         



                         

           See? There. Proof. Garfield's eyes
           look like a pair of tits.
                         

           Okay, you were right.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted stands by the TV, singing a karaoke version of "I
          Only Want to be with You" by Hootie and the Blowfish.
                         

           Okay, Johnny, c'mon up here and do this
           with me!

           No no.
                         

           Come on!
                         

           No, I don't sing in front of people!
                         















                         
                         

                         
          Sam, John and Ted stand by the wall.
                         

           See there's this one part of the wall
           that's really soft, you could punch
           through it wicked easy.
                         
          Sam punches the wall a couple times, and his fist goes
          right through.
                         



                         

           Holy shit! / Ha! / Wow! / Etc.
                         
          Immediately we see half an Asian face dart into frame
          through the hole. He screams in Cantonese, then,
                         

           What the hell you problem!! You break my
           wall! You break my wall I break you
           wall!
                         
          The neighbor sticks a knife through the hole. John, Ted,
          and Sam scream. Sam and John jump around and scream as
          they frantically try to get the knife.
                         

           AAA! AAA!! Break his arm, Flash! Cut
           his arm off!!
                         
          Sam grabs the arm, and it darts back inside.
                         
                         

                         
          There's an angry pounding on the door. One of the party
          guests opens it, and the Asian guy runs in, screaming in
          Cantonese. He holds a wooden spoon in one hand, and a
          live duck in the other. John, Sam, and Ted run back out
          into the living room. The Asian guy runs toward them,
          screaming first in Cantonese, then:
                         

           You break my wall! This my home long
           time! You break my wall! You bastard
           men!

           Dude, we're sorry! We're sorry!
                         

           You bastard men! I try to make duck
           dinner, now plaster everywhere!
                         

           Chill out okay? We'll pay for it! Let's
           talk this out okay? What's your name?
           I'm John!
                         


           My name Wan Ming.
                         


           Ming!



                         
          SAM'S POV - We see the Asian man dressed as Ming the
          Merciless.
                         

           You pay many dollar for wall! This
           bullshit! This all bullshit!
                         


                         
          Sam charges the Asian man, tackling him. They both
          tumble over the back of the couch, nearly knocking it
          over. The duck flies out of his arms, landing on the
          floor. It immediately goes after Ted, who screams.
          ANGLE ON SAM, who chokes the Asian man on the floor.
          John struggles to pull him off.

           Sam, no! Get off him!
                         
          ANGLE ON TED - who circles confrontationally with the
          duck, as in an Irish bar fight. ANGLE BACK ON THE GUYS
          FIGHTING - The Asian man jabs Sam in the eye with the
          other end of the spoon, and Sam goes staggering backward,
          falling into John. They land on the table, smashing it
          in half. They fall to the floor on top of each other.
                         

           You crazy! You crazy man!
                         
          The duck charges at Ted and slaps him across the face a
          few times with its wings.
                         


          The Asian man calls to the duck from the door.
                         

           Come on, James Franco!
                         
          The duck takes one last whack at Ted and waddles over to
          the Asian man, fluttering up into his arms.
                         

           
           You pay for wall!
                         
          He exits, slamming the door.
                         
                         

                         
          John sits on the couch as Guy enters, holding hands with
          another man.



                         

           Guy?
                         

           Hey. What's goin' on. This is Jared.
           He's the guy who beat me up. We're in
           love.
                         

           What??
                         

           Yeah. Turns out I'm gay or whatever.
           Had no idea. C'mon Jared, let's get a
           drink.
                         
          He and Jared walk off.
          ANGLE ON JOHN, who sits on the couch, looking zoned out
          and drained. Sam Jones approaches.
                         

           How you doin' there, ace? You comin'
           down?
                         

           Yeah. Yeah, I don't feel good.
                         

           Give it a couple hours, you'll be golden,
           Pony Boy. Want a Xanax?
                         
          John looks at the clock. His eyes widen in panicked
          realization.
                         

           Holy shit. Holy shit, oh my god!
                         

           What?
                         

           I gotta-- I gotta go! Shit!
                         
          John scrambles to his feet, and runs for the front door.
                         
                         

                         
          John opens the door and runs down the hall. He runs
          partway down the stairwell, and stops short as he sees
          Lori at the bottom, coming partway up the stairs. They
          stare at each other for a beat. She looks as hurt,
          angry, and betrayed as a woman can be.
                         



                         

           Lori... I...
                         
          He throws up all over the floor.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori storms out into the street. After a beat, John runs
          out after her.
                         

           Lori! Lori wait!
                         
          She hastily pays the cabbie who waits outside. John
          catches up to her and grabs her arm, but she shakes him
          off. She is clearly hurt, and on the verge of tears.

           I'm sorry! I messed up! I--
                         

           I want you out of the apartment...
           tonight. Gimme my car keys.
                         

           Can I please just explain--
                         

           No.
                         

           I was gonna--
                         

           I have given up a big chunk of my life
           for you.
                         

           I was gonna stop in for like five
           minutes, and then Flash Gordon--
                         

           Just give me my keys, John!
                         
          He reluctantly hands her her keys. She turns and walks
          toward her car.
                         

           Lori... please. I love you.
                         
          She gets in the car and drives away with a screech.
          Angle on Ted, who is walking out the door.
                         
                         



                         

           Johnny, come on upstairs. Tami-Lynn's
           gonna make some RC Cola from scratch.
                         

           Fuck you! I don't want to talk to you!
                         

           What?
                         

           Do you know what just happened? Do you
           have any clue? My life just ended.
                         

           Oh come on, she'll go home, watch Bridget
           Jones' Somethin' Asshole, cry a little
           bit, she'll be fine, you'll talk to her
           tomorrow.
                         


           Are you even listening to me?! Do you
           give any shred of a shit?!
                         
          Ted pauses, realizing John is serious.
                         

           Well... `course I do, Johnny. Thunder
           buddies for life.
                         

           Jesus, Lori was right. I should have
           stopped hanging out with you a long time
           ago. I'm never gonna have a life with you
           around. I'm 35 years old and I'm going
           nowhere. All I do is smoke pot and watch
           movies with a teddy fucking bear. And
           because of that, I just lost the love of
           my life.
                         

           Johnny, I'm... I'm sorry.
                         

           I just... I gotta be on my own, Ted. I
           can't see you anymore.
                         
          John turns and walks away.
                         

           Johnny, wait! Hey, listen!
                         
                         
                         



                         
          Ted pushes his own stomach in. We hear his soundbox
          squeak out the words "I wuv you." John does not turn
          around. Ted looks after him, then slowly lowers his head
          sadly. He sits down on the sidewalk, dazed and defeated.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John pulls up in his car, and sadly goes inside.
                         
                         

          John sits on the bed and turns on the TV. He flips
          through the channels, seeing various clips of shows.
          Eventually, he shuts off the TV. He opens his wallet,
          and takes out a picture of Lori. He looks at it sadly.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori play mini-golf. She putts, and the ball
          stops just short of the hole. John walks up to it, and
          "looks the other way" as he taps it in with his foot.
          She smiles warmly at him.
                         

                         

                         
          John and Lori are on a swan boat ride, throwing bread to
          the ducks. They're both leaning over the side with their
          hands on the rail. His hand moves partway on top of
          hers. They look at each other, and share a slow,
          romantic kiss.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Lori sits on the couch, wrapped in a blanket, her face
          wet with tears. ANGLE ON the TV screen, where a Bridget
          Jones film is playing. ANGLE BACK ON Lori, who is
          looking at the screen, but is really looking inward...
                         


                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON a partially full moon. PAN DOWN to John and
          Lori, walking along the beach, holding hands. He kisses
          her on the cheek, then looks down, noticing something
          O.S. He leans down and picks up a dead horseshoe crab.
          He dangles it in Lori's face. She freaks out, and runs
          into the water. They both laugh.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON A BIRTHDAY CARD ON THE TABLE - We pull out to
          reveal Lori sitting at the table, with a couple of
          candles in front of her. John comes out of the kitchen
          wearing an apron, and holding an entire turkey with a
          candle in it. She smiles and puts her hands over her
          mouth with delighted hilarity. He sets the turkey down,
          and she gives him a big, laughing smile as she shakes her
          head.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          SLOW PAN ACROSS TED'S APARTMENT - The party is now over.
          Everyone has gone, and the place is a mess. ANGLE INTO
          TED'S BEDROOM - He lies alone in his bed, flipping
          through channels with his remote. He turns and stares at
          a picture in a frame next to his bed. ANGLE ON THE
          PICTURE It shows John and Ted as kids, standing in the
          snow, smiling at the camera. They stand next to a
          soapbox car that they have built and painted.

                         
                         

                         
          8-year-old John and Ted are at the top of a hill with the
          soapbox racer. Ted is in the racer, wearing a helmet.
          John gives the racer a push, and Ted speeds off down the
          hill. At the bottom, he smashes into a tree, shattering
          the racer, and sending him flying out of it onto the
          ground. A dog runs into frame, snatches Ted up, and runs
          off with him. John sprints after the dog.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON a TV Guide cover that reads, "Simpsons Reaches
          5th season!" ANGLE ON 17 year-old John and Ted watching
          TV, laughing hysterically.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The marquee out front reads "Star Wars: The Phantom
          Menace." We pan down a line of moviegoers, eventually
          getting to 22 year-old John and Ted. John is dressed as
          Darth Maul, and Ted is dressed as Yoda. They excitedly
          wait in line.

                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John and Ted share a pizza. Ted has sauce all over his
          mouth and fur. John hands him a napkin and he wipes it
          off. Ted looks O.S., then excitedly gives John a "hang
          on, check this out" gesture. He runs O.S. ANGLE ON the
          stage, where the animal band play their instruments. Ted
          is there among them, stiffly playing the banjo and
          looking very animatronic. A couple little kids walk up
          to watch. After a beat, Ted gets in their faces, scaring
          the shit out of them. They run away, crying and
          traumatized. ANGLE ON John, who laughs hysterically.

                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori paint the walls of their then new
          apartment. They start to playfully splatter paint on
          each other. ANGLE ON Ted, who watches from the other
          side of the room, where he leans against the wall. He
          shakes his head in a "whatever" fashion, and walks toward
          the door. When he turns, we see there is a white stripe
          of paint going down his back.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted exits the apartment, holding a pack of cigarettes and
          a lighter. He pulls one cigarette out with his mouth and
          goes to light it.



                         
          He then notices something out of the corner of his eye.
           He reacts with a take, and sprints O.S., dropping the
          cigarette and the lighter. After a beat, a skunk
          shuffles through frame after him.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON a TV Guide cover that reads, "Simpsons Reaches
          20th season!" ANGLE ON present-day John and Ted watching
          TV, expressionless and bored-looking.
                         

                         

                         
                         

                         
          Rex sits at his desk and stares out the window.
                         

           So, word through the grapevine is you are
           newly solo. I have tickets to see Norah
           Jones at the Hatch Shell tonight, and I
           would love it if you'd go with me.
                         

           You're asking me out the day after I
           broke up with someone.
                         

           Look, I'm gonna cut the shit here.

           Okay.
                         

           This is the first time you've been single
           in all the years you've worked here.
           Just go out with me one time. And if
           you're miserable and you hate it, I
           promise I will never even hint at the
           subject again. Please.
                         

           Rex, I don't think it's smart.
                         

           Look, I'm an asshole. I know that. It
           worked for me in high school, and it's
           been like a reflex ever since.





            Lori, the worst that can happen is
           you have a fun, casual date with a guy
           who only wants a chance to prove to you
           that he can be something more than a
           jerk. Besides, you're a huge catch and
           it's about time somebody treated you that
           way.
                         

           Fine... I guess it beats crying myself to
           sleep every night.
                         

           Great. Pick you up at seven?
                         
                         

          It's raining outside.
                         
                         

                         
          John sulks on the bed, leafing through a Tintin comic
          book. There's a knock at the door.
                         

           Who is it?
                         

           Johnny, it's me.
                         

           Go away.
                         

           Johnny, open the door, please. I wanna
           talk.
                         
          John ignores him. A few beats go by, then the window
          slides open from the outside, and Ted tumbles in, landing
          on the floor, soaked.
                         


                         
          Ted shakes the water off himself like a dog. John
          flinches back, trying not to get wet.
                         

           Jesus Christ!
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         

           Sorry. Look, Johnny, I know you're
           pissed, but just listen to me for five
           seconds. I saw Lori out on a date with
           Rex.
                         

           What?
                         

           I'm serious, John, I went over to your
           house to talk to Lori to try and take
           some of the heat off you, and I saw Rex
           picking her up. They were going to the
           Hatch Shell.
                         

           You're un-fucking-believable, you know
           that? How stupid do you think I am?
           First of all, Lori would never go out
           with Rex, and second of all, if you think
           that by making shit like that up you're
           gonna make me choose some kind of loyalty
           to you over her--
                         

           Johnny, it's the truth. I'm tellin' ya--
                         

           Get outta here.
                         


           You know, you're actin' like a cock, you
           know that?

           What? I'm acting like a cock?
                         

           Yes. You are actin' like a giant, V-
           shaped-funny-lookin'-guy-in-a-porno cock.
                         

           Huh?
                         

           `Member that porno we saw with the guy
           with the V-shaped cock--forget it. What
           I'm sayin' is that you're blamin' me for
           somethin' you did to yourself.
                         
          John glares at him.
                         
                         



                         

           Lori was right about you. You can't take
           responsibility for anything that goes on
           in your life.
                         

           Oh, and you can?
                         

           I don't have to, I'm a fuckin' teddy
           bear! Y'know somethin', I didn't tie you
           up and drag you to that party. I wanted
           you to come because you're supposedly my
           best friend.
                         

           Oh, yeah? Is that why you've manipulated
           me for years to stay eternally eight
           years old at the expense of the rest of
           my life?
                         

           Whoa whoa, it's not my fault you didn't
           care enough about your relationship.
                         

           You can't stand there and tell me you
           haven't always seen Lori as a threat to
           our friendship! It works out so much
           better for you when you and I are getting
           fucked up on the couch at 9 am, doesn't
           it?
                         

           Wow. Listen to yourself. What am I,
           Emperor Ming here, controllin' your mind?
           That's your choice, John! And you know,
           by blamin' me, you just make yourself
           look like a pussy.
                         


           You know... sometimes I think back to
           that Christmas morning when I was eight
           years old... and I wish I'd just gotten a
           Teddy Ruxpin.
                         


           Say that one more time.
                         

           Teddy... Rux-fucking-pin.
                         
                         



                         
          Ted stares at him for a beat, then lunges at him,
          wrapping his whole body around John's face and head, like
          the facehuggers from "Aliens." John stumbles around the
          room, trying to pry Ted off. Eventually, he stumbles
          into the bathroom, and crashes through the shower door,
          shattering it. He and Ted exchange punches to the face.
          John lands a particularly hard one, which sends Ted
          flying across the room, and slamming into the wall. Ted
          hits the floor, and runs out of the bathroom. John
          stumbles to his feet. Ted scrambles across the bed,
          reaches into the bedside drawer, and pulls out a Bible.
          John staggers out of the bathroom, just in time to be
          pelted in the head as Ted throws the Bible at him.
                         

           AAAAAA!!! Fucking Jesus fucking Christ!
           god fucking dammit!!!
          Ted throws other objects at him, including beer cans and
          the phone. John and Ted stare at each other for a beat,
          each one breathing heavily .
          John charges at Ted, sailing across the bed, and tackling
          him, knocking over the side table and lamp in the
          process. John and Ted scuffle on the floor, engaging in
          a realistic-as-possible fistfight. Each one gets a
          number of blows in. John throws Ted off him, and back
          onto the bed. Ted taunts him.
                         

           C'mon, motherfucker!
                         
          John jumps at Ted, throwing a jab at him. But Ted
          dodges, and John's fist goes into the wall above the
          headboard. He struggles to pull free as he flails about
          with his other hand, grabbing at Ted. Ted dodges again,
          and scrambles up John's head, jumping up and grabbing the
          chain on the ceiling fan, turning it on, and causing Ted
          to swing back and forth. John pulls free, and stumbles
          backward off the bed. He notices a tall, free-standing
          lamp in the corner. He pulls the plug out of the wall,
          and uses the lamp to take a swing at Ted. Ted swings out
          of the way. John takes a second swing, but the lamp cord
          catches on the fan's motor. The lamp is ripped from
          John's grasp, it swings around through the air, and
          cracks him in the side of the head. John goes down,
          whacking his head a second time on the baseboard of the
          bed. He howls in pain as he lies on his stomach,
          clutching his head. Ted takes advantage of this. He
          jumps down from the cord, and pulls the antenna off the
          clock radio next to the bed. He jumps down to the floor,
          yanks John's pants partway down, and starts whipping his
          bare ass with the antenna. John yells in fury, and kicks
          blindly at Ted. He turns over, kicking ted in the face,
          and kicking the cabinet that the TV is on.
                         



                         
          The TV wobbles, and falls off the cabinet, landing with a
          crash, right on his groin. John lies there, with the TV
          on his crotch and his pants down, and breathes heavily.
          Ted, still dazed from the kick to the face, crawls over
          to him. Both breathe heavily. John's breathing
          deteriorates into sobs.
                         


           Why...why are you crying?
                         

           My dick is in the TV.
                         
          John continues to sob. Ted climbs down off the table and
          up onto the bed. He pushes the TV off John, then lies
          down next to him. Ted starts to sob himself.

           I'm so sorry, Johnny. I'm so sorry.
                         

           So am I, man.
                         

           I love you.
                         

           I love you, too.
                         
          John hugs Ted, who hugs him back.
                         

           Listen... you gotta let me help you make
           things right with you and Lori.

           There is no putting things right. She
           hates me.
                         

           No, John, we can get her back. Look,
           remember when you were ten, and you hit
           that squirrel with your BB gun, and then
           when we saw it fall from the tree we both
           starting crying? Remember? And then we
           ran up to it and tried to give it CPR?
           And it came back to life? John, we could
           do that again.
                         

           Ted, we crushed its rib cage and blew out
           its lungs trying to give it CPR. It
           died.
                         



                         


           We can get Lori back.
                         
                         

                         
          A huge crowd has gathered for the Norah Jones concert.
          They cheer as she sings "Come Away With Me," backed by a
          large string section. ANGLE ON Rex and Lori, who cheer
          in the audience along with everyone else. They seem to
          be having a fantastic time.
                         

           God, she's so brave. YOUR MUSIC IS SO

          Norah finishes the song.
                         

           Thanks so much! We're gonna take a short
           break, but we'll be back in a few!
                         
          The crowd cheers.
                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON a dressing room sign which reads NORAH JONES.
          We move inside the dressing room as Norah enters and
          pours a drink.
                         

           Hey, play chopsticks, you jazzy slut!
                         

           
           Teddy!! How you doin', you fuzzy little
           asshole?
                         
          She hugs him.
                         

           Well, I'm not a hot half-Muslim chick who
           sold 37 million records, but I'm hangin'
           in there.
                         

           Well, half-Indian, but thanks.
                         

           Eh, ooga booga, whatever. Hey, I want
           you to meet a good pal of mine. Hey
           Johnny, come on in!
                         



                         
          ANGLE ON the doorway, where John enters, a little
          nervous.
                         

           Norah, this is my friend John.
                         



           Hi. Hi, Norah Jones.
                         

           
           Ha. Whoa, relax there, sweaty. You
           ready to bring down the house?
                         

           Yes ma'am. Thank you for the
           opportunity, Ms.-- Ma'am Jones.
                         

           Jesus, you look fantastic.
                         

           Well, you're probably not used to seeing
           me fully clothed.
                         

           Me and Norah met in 2002 at a party at
           Belinda Carlisle's house and we had
           awkward, fuzzy sex in the coatroom.
                         

           Actually, you weren't so bad for a guy
           with no penis.

           I have written so many letters to Hasbro
           about that.
                         
                         

                         
          The crowd is cheering. Norah is back out on stage at the
          piano.
                         

           Okay, I'm gonna give my chops a rest here
           and invite a friend of mine up to the
           stage. He's gonna sing a song to a very
           special lady in the audience who he loves
           very much. Let's give a big hand to John
           Bennett!
                         
                         



                         
          The crowd applauds dutifully as John walks out onstage.
          ANGLE ON Lori and Rex. Lori reacts, shocked.
                         

           Oh my god.
                         
          John takes center stage, and looks down at Lori.
                         

           Uh, hi. Um... This is for Lori Collins.
           Because I love her. This song always
           reminds me of the most important night of
           my life. The night we met. It's the
           theme song from the movie "Octopussy."
                         
          The band begins playing. "All Time High". Inexplicably,
          Norah is playing the saxophone with a pair of shades on.







                         
          ANGLE ON Lori and Rex. Rex is visibly derisive, but we
          see that Lori is softening. It's working...
                         




                         

           (fake voice, covering his
           mouth and looking away)
           You suck, get off the stage!
           
           Hey, come on guys!
                         
          The crowd starts to take the cue.
                         

           Get off the stage! / Boooo! / You suck! /
           We wanna hear Norah! / Come on!
                         
          ANGLE ON Ted in the wings.
                         

           Ah, god.
                         






                         
          ANGLE ON a crazed audience member, who rushes the stage,
          racing toward John.
                         

           You're an asshole!
                         
          John flinches as he raises the mic stand off the floor at
          the last second, so the base is sticking out
          horizontally. The crazy guy runs right into it, bashing
          himself in the face. He goes down, unconscious and
          bleeding. Everyone gasps as the music stops.
                         

           Jesus.
                         
          A few concert personnel rush out to check the guy.

           Someone call an ambulance!
                         
          The crowd is now shouting angrily at John. But he is
          only focused n one spot in the crowd. He sees that Lori
          and Rex are gone. Almost oblivious to the rest of the
          frenzy, he sighs, heartbroken. A couple of concert
          security personnel haul him offstage.
                         
                         

                         
          Rex escorts Lori to his car.
                         

           That was insane. Did you see the way
           that guy's body hit the ground? It was
           like a rag doll!

           Yeah, I'd rather just not talk about it.
                         

           You want to go get a drink after this? I
           feel like I could use one after seeing a
           guy almost die.
                         

           Nope, I think I'd rather you just take me
           home.
                         

           One drink, come on.
                         

           Nope, not really feeling up to it.
                         
                         



                         

           Alright, alright, I get it. I don't
           blame you. When you think about it, it
           was actually really unfair of him to
           embarrass you like that.
                         

           Just to be clear, I am not embarrassed.
           Listen, John and I may have our problems
           but at least he tried. You know what? I
           don't feel like talking to you about
           this.
                         
          She walks away.
                         

           Where you going?

           Taking a cab. I'm going home.
                         
          As she disappears out of earshot, Rex closes his eyes and
          releases a fart.
                         

           Finally.
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Lori gets out of the shower, and begins towelling off,
          still reeling with disgust from her encounter with Rex.
          After a few moments, there's a knock at the door. Lori
          sighs with annoyance, and walks to the door, still in her
          towel. She looks through the peephole, but there's no
          one there. She opens the door cautiously, and looks out
          into the hall. There's no one there.
                         

           Down here, I swear to god I'm not lookin'
           up your towel.
                         
          She looks down with a start, and sees Ted standing there.
          He's blocking his view with one hand.
                         

           Not lookin' up your towel. Not lookin'
           at your funny business.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         

           
           Ted? What're you doing here? What do
           you want?
                         

           I need to talk to you.
                         

           Look, if you're here to fight John's
           battle for hi--
                         

           Lori, do me a favor and let me talk
           first, and then you can say whatever you
           want.
          There's a beat. She reluctantly considers.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori, now in a robe, sits down on the couch, facing Ted.
                         

           Look, John loves you very much. More
           than anything in the world. And he's
           fallin' to fuckin' pieces without you.
           He knows he screwed up big time, but you
           gotta believe me that is wasn't all his
           fault. If you'll just give him one more
           chance to be with you--
                         
          She rolls her eyes.
                         

           Listen to me! If you'll just give him
           one more chance... I promise I will leave
           and never come back. He'll be all yours.
           Just give him one more chance.
                         

           Ted... that's a very nice offer, but I
           don't want you to do that. This is about
           John and me and our problems. And I
           don't think it can be fixed.
                         

           Because of me! Look, you want him to be
           a man. And I'm the one who's keepin'
           that from happening. As long as he's got
           his teddy bear, he's still a boy. And I
           care about him as much as you do. But
           I'm willing to give up the boy so you can
           have the man.



                         
          We can see Lori starting to soften a bit.
                         

           Look, I'm givin' this the best shot I got
           here, Lori. I'm beggin' you. I'm no
           good at this emotional crap, but I gotta
           help my best friend. Please. Just talk
           to him.
                         


           I'll talk to him.
                         

           Thank you. He's waitin' for me down at
           Charley's. So... maybe you could,
           y'know... go down instead of me?

           What... now?
                         

           Please. You'll regret it for the rest of
           your life if you don't.
                         

           Alright, alright, I'll go.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori emerges from the bedroom, dressed, and heads for the
          door. Ted is on the couch watching TV.
                         

           
           Hey, you mind if I stay and watch the
           Sox?
                         
          The door shuts and she's gone. Ted gets up and walks
          into the kitchen. He opens the fridge.
                         

           Jesus Christ, what a chick fridge.
           Yoplait, a cantaloupe, and a Brita water
           filter.
                         
          He opens up a crisper drawer, and looks at a six-pack of
          beer bottles.
                         

           Michelob Ultra Tuscan Orange Grapefruit.
           My god, America is imploding.
                         
                         



                         
          He shakes his head as he opens the beer, and walks into
          the other room. He settles down in a recliner, and
          watches the game. After a moment, there's a knock at the
          door. Ted sighs with annoyance, and gets up.
                         

           Forget your keys?
                         
          He walks to the door, and opens it up.
                         

           You know, your beer suck--
                         
          He freezes, and looks up. We reveal Donny, the creepy
          man from earlier, with his son Robert.
                         

           Hi, Ted.
                         

           Fuck.
                         
          Donny throws a sack over Ted, trapping him.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori's car pulls up, and she gets out.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori enters, and looks around. She spots John, who looks
          up from a menu. He is surprised to see her. She sighs
          and walks over to him.

           Lori! What-- what are you doing here?
                         

           You can thank Ted.
                         
          A beat. John smiles slightly.
                         

           How are you?
                         

           Good, good. I've, uh... made myself a
           nice little home at the Midtown Hotel up
           the street. I'd show you around, but
           it's kinda classy. They require an
           undershirt and at least one visible cold
           sore for all customers.
                         



                         


           Well. Shall I sit?
                         

           Uh, yeah.
                         
          She does. There's a beat. A busboy brings them each a
          water.
                         

           So, work's good? Everything good there?
                         

           Yeah. Work's fine.
                         

           How's Rex?
                         

           There is no Rex.
                         

           Oh. Good.

           Well... I guess we can't make small talk
           all day, so I'll say what I wanna say. I
           could sit here and tell you I'm sorry, it
           was a huge misunderstanding, and I'm
           ready to change. But I don't think you
           wanna hear any of that crap. I'm not
           gonna try and get you to take me back.
           Why would you? I've been a really shitty
           boyfriend for the last four years. I
           don't deserve you. I didn't take our
           relationship seriously, even though I
           love you more than life itself. All I
           want is... just to end on good terms.
           Because I owe that to you. I want you to
           be happy... and for us to be friends.
                         

           
           Wow. Thank you. I appreciate that.
                         

           Well. That's pretty much it.
                         
          He takes out some money, and puts it on the table, paying
          the check. He smiles at her and walks out. She sits
          there for a beat.

                         
                         

                         
          Donny's car pulls up. The house is a low-class, creepily
          shabby-looking Boston home (think Buffalo Bill in
          "Silence of the Lambs"). It's close to one end of the
          base of a bridge.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny carries the sack inside, and unceremoniously dumps
          Ted onto the floor. Ted looks around. It's just as
          shitty on the inside as on the outside. On the walls,
          there are a disturbing number of newspaper clippings,
          photo spreads, etc. Most are from press from Ted's media
          heyday, but some are photographs of Ted and John out in
          public that Donny clearly took himself.

           Whoa...
                         

           Yes, as you can see, you've been part of
           our family for quite some time. Welcome
           home.
                         

           Heh, you know what's hilarious, I got
           tons of pictures of you guys at my house.
                         

           Daddy, is he all mine?
                         

           He's all yours, my little winner.
           You've arrived at a lucky time, Ted.
           It's almost Robert's play hour.
                         

           I'm guessin' you guys don't have a PS3.
           I'm guessin' you're more of a wooden
           horse with a wig kinda family.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted is led into Robert's room. It's a fairly sparse room
          with some toys strewn about. A wooden rocking horse with
          a wig stands in the corner.
                         

           Huh. Wig horse.
                         
          Robert sits down on the floor, smiling at him. Donny
          stands in the doorway.



                         

           Now, remember, Ted, you belong to Robert
           now. So you will do as he says.
                         

           Y'know, you think you're just gonna get
           away with a kidnapping? Nice fuckin'
           example you're settin' for your kid.
                         

           (leaning in to Ted with


                         
          Ted flinches nervously. Donny moves back.
                         

           When I was a little boy, I saw you on
           television. And I thought you were the
           most amazing, most wonderful thing I'd
           ever seen. Ever. And I asked my father
           if I could have a magical teddy bear,
           too. And he said no. And I was
           heartbroken. I decided that if I ever
           had a son, I would never say no to him.
                         

           Maybe "no" to a Snickers bar every once
           in awhile wouldn't hurt.
                         

           Me and Ted are gonna be best friends,
           daddy.
                         

           Yes. You are. Happy play time.
          Donny shuts the door. Robert stares at Ted.
                         

           Jesus fucking Christ!
                         

           No! Daddy said no bad words!
                         

           Yeah well, fuck your dad.
                         
          Ted scrambles for the window and tries to open it. It
          doesn't budge. He takes a running leap at it, but just
          bounces off like a plush toy, and lands on the floor.
                         

           Shit!
                         



                         
          Robert stands over him.
                         

           I said a bad word one time, and daddy
           punished me for it.
                         

           That's a great story, I felt like I was
           there.
                         

           Daddy gave me an ouch. Now I have to
           give you an ouch.
                         
          Robert grabs Ted with one hand, and gets a grip on one of
          Ted's ears with the other hand. Robert pulls on the ear
          as hard as he can, and rips the ear off. Ted screams as
          loud as he can. Robert looks at him, holding the ear.
                         

           Okay... okay, kid. You win. We'll do it
           your way. You wanna play a game or
           somethin'? It's play time, let's play a
           game.
                         

           Yeah, I wanna play a game!
                         

           Good, good, hey, how `bout we play a
           little game of hide and seek?
                         

           I love hide and seek! I'll hide!
                         

           Well, now, Robert, your dad likes you to
           show good manners, right?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           Well, a well-mannered kid lets his guest
           hide first, don't ya think?
                         
          There's a beat. Robert stares blankly at him, then:
                         

           Okay, you hide first.
                         

           Great. Fantastic. Okay, now you count
           to a hundred and then try to find me,
           okay?



                         

           Do I need to wash my hands before this
           game?
                         

           You... well-- no, you-- god, that's a
           weird fuckin' question, no, just start
           countin'.
                         
          Robert sits down, covers his eyes and starts counting.
                         

           One... two... three...
                         
          Ted grabs a chair and starts sliding it over toward the
          door.

           Okay, no peekin', now, or you'll get kid
           cancer.
                         
          Ted reaches the door, climbs up onto the chair, and turns
          the doorknob. He opens the door, and exits out into the
          hallway. After a beat, he re-enters, grabs his severed
          ear, and exits again.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted nervously moves down the hallway toward the front
          door. He has it in sight on the far end of the living
          room, but when he gets closer to the living room doorway,
          he sees that Donny is sitting in an armchair, watching
          The Incredible Hulk . Ted darts back
          into the hallway before he's seen, but in the process,
          bumps into a small table with a lamp and a couple knick
          knacks on it. One of them, a small ceramic penguin,
          falls over, making a sound. Donny turns and looks in the
          direction of the hallway.
                         


           Robert? How's play time?
                         
                         

                         
          Robert's hands still cover his eyes.
                         

           Good, daddy!

                         
                         

                         

           Ted, are you making friends with Robert?
                         
          Ted looks panicky, not knowing what to do. After a beat,
          Donny leans forward as if he's about to get up.
                         

           Ted?
                         

           Daddy, you're gonna ruin the game!
                         


           Okay.
          Ted breathes a sigh of relief, and walks the other way
          down the hall. He passes a door. He opens it, but it's
          just a storage closet. He's about to shut it, but
          notices a stapler amidst the odds and ends. He hastily
          begins stapling his ear back on.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny's hears something, and turns to look. We think
          he's about to get up, but he then settles back in.
                         
          ANGLE BACK ON TED, who puts on last staple in.
          Satisfied, he exits the closet and continues down the
          hall.
                         
                         

          Ted looks around, and spots a phone on the counter. He
          jumps up, grabs the handset, and jumps back down. He
          dials John's number.
                         
                         

                         
          John is walking back to the Midtown Hotel. After a beat,
          Lori's car pulls up slowly alongside him. She leans
          over.
                         

           Hey.
                         

           Hey.
                         
                         



                         

           Kinda late to be walkin' home by
           yourself.
                         

           Oh, I'll be okay. If I get raped, it'll
           be my fault with what I'm wearing.
                         

           Listen, John... there's something I wanna
           say to you, too.
                         
          He pauses, then gets into the car and sits down next to
          her. She prepares to speak, but John's phone rings. He
          shuts it off without looking at it.
                         

           Go ahead.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted nervously holds the phone to his ear.
                         
                         

                         

           John, I just want you to know that... I
           mean, I hope you don't think that--
                         
          John's phone rings. He looks down at it, annoyed. It
          reads "Unknown caller." He silences it.
                         

           I, um... I just feel like we should...
           keep talking. Because--
                         
          John's phone rings again. Exasperated, he answers it.
                         

           Whoever this is, it's not a good time.
                         

                         

           John! It's me! Can you hear me?
                         

           Ted?
                         
          Lori sighs, slightly annoyed.
                         

           Listen, I gotta call you back.



                         

           No, John! Don't hang up, I'm in trouble!
                         

           What do you mean, what kinda trouble?
                         
          Lori turns, slightly curious, but still annoyed.
                         

           They got me! That freaky guy and his
           freaky fat kid!
                         

           What?
                         

           I'm in their house, John! You gotta call
           the police, they won't let me outta here!
           They tore my ear off!
                         

           Wait, slow down! Where are you?
                         

           Uh... I'm not sure, it's uh--
                         
          Suddenly, a hand grabs the phone away from Ted. He gasps
          and looks up. It's Donny, who slams the phone back down
          in its cradle.
                         

           
           You're not a very polite guest.
                         

           Shit.
                         
                         

                         


           Ted? Ted? Hello? Ted!
                         

           What's the matter, is he all right?
                         

           I don't know.
                         

           Where is he?
                         

           I don't know, but he's in trouble.



                         

           Why? What happened? Can you call him
           back?
                         

           No, it's blocked-- wait a second.
                         
          John scrambles for his wallet. He opens it, and pulls
          out the address given to him earlier by Donny at the
          Common. He looks at it, then points out the window.
                         

           Go! Take Columbus to Herald and get on
           the expressway!
                         
                         

          Lori's car peels out and races off.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny stands over Ted.
                         

           You've put us in a pickle here, haven't
           you? We have to go now.
                         

           Yeah, good idea.
                         
          Ted runs through Donny's legs, and out into the hall. He
          races for the living room and the exit, but Robert steps
          in front of the door, blocking him.

           Aaaa!
                         

           Found you.
                         
          Robert turns the deadbolt on the door, locking it. Ted
          turns and bolts in the other direction back down the
          hallway, but sees Donny heading for him. Ted ducks into
          the dining room, as Donny lunges for him and misses.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny pursues Ted around the table. Ted ducks under the
          table, under the chairs, etc. trying to escape Donny (and
          Robert, who has entered the room). Ted slips past them
          and back out into the hall.
                         



                         
          He races for the door, but the deadbolt is too high to
          reach. He runs into the living room, and pushes open a
          door.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted tumbles down the dark stairs into the basement, which
          is lit only by a single bulb hanging from the ceiling.
          He lands, gets his bearings, then freezes in shock, as he
          sees that the basement is loaded with ripped and
          mutilated teddy bears.
                         


                         
          Donny and Robert move in to frame behind him.

           We tried to make do with other teddy
           bears. But none of them were you, Ted.
                         
          Ted whirls around in shock, as we cut to:
                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori race through the streets of Boston.
                         
                         

                         

           It's this creepy fucked-up guy who wants
           Ted for his creepy fucked-up son. They
           got him somehow.

           Which way?
                         

           Shoot up 99!
                         
                         

                         
          The car makes a hard left.
                         
                         

                         
          John finishes punching numbers into his cellphone.
                         
                         
                         



                         


           Hello, 911? I need the police right
           away! This guy took my teddy bear!

           ...Hello?
                         
                         

                         
          Lori's car speeds away.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny and Robert emerge from the house. Donny clutches
          the sack. We can see it move as Ted struggles to get
          free. Robert gets in the back seat of the car as Donny
          opens the way back door, and dumps Ted inside.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted tumbles out of the sack and into the way back. Donny
          slams the door. He gets into the car.
                         

           Robert, seat belt.
                         
          Robert buckles up.
                         

                         
          Donny pulls away down the alley.
                         

          Ted scrambles to his feet.
                         
                         

                         
          John looks around frantically, then spots something out
          of the passenger's side window.
                         
          JOHN'S POV - They pass the alley, where we see Donny's
          car heading out of the alleyway.
                         


           Whoa whoa, stop stop stop!
                         
          The car slows down, and John sees Donny's car make the
          turn out onto the street. Ted is looking out the back.

                         
                         

                         

           Johnny!
                         
          Robert and Donny both hear this. Donny looks in his side-
          view mirror, just in time to see Lori's car swing a U-
          turn to pursue them. Donny speeds up, and races off up
          the street. Lori's car speeds up in pursuit.
                         
                         

                         
          We do several quick cuts as the chase blasts its way
          through the Boston streets, avoiding traffic and
          pedestrians.
                         

                         
          Donny's car races through the tunnel. Lori's car
          pursues.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted continues to stare out the back. He then notices a
          crowbar on the floor in the way back. He grabs it, and
          takes a hard swing at the rear window. It does not
          break. Robert sees this, and scrambles to undo his seat
          belt.
                         
                         

                         

           Come on, we're losing him!
                         
          Lori speeds up.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted takes another swing at the window. The glass does
          not break. Robert undoes his seat belt, and scrambles
          back. He grabs Ted, who drops the crowbar. He starts to
          pull Ted back over into the back seat, but Ted manages to
          wriggle free.
                         
                         

                         
          The chase continues.

                         
                         

                         
          Ted grabs the crowbar, and again takes a swing at the
          window. This time, it shatters. He drops the crowbar,
          and climbs up onto the edge of the window.
                         
                         

                         
          They see Ted in the window.
                         

           Get closer!
                         

           I'm trying!
                         

                         
          Ted gets one leg and one arm up onto the edge of the
          window, when suddenly he is whacked hard in the side of
          the head, sending him tumbling onto the floor. We see
          that Robert has struck him hard with the crowbar.
                         

           
           Aaaaa! Shit!!
                         
                         

                         
          They continue watch with held breath, as they keep up.
                         
                         

          Ted shakes himself off, still a little dazed, and climbs
          back up. Robert climbs into the way back and grabs one
          of his legs.
                         

           No! You're being bad!
                         
          Ted reaches down and grabs the crowbar with one arm, and
          brandishes it threateningly at Robert.
                         

           Back off, Susan Boyle.
                         
          Robert backs off in fear. Ted climbs out onto the rear
          of the car, and positions himself to make the jump. He
          tosses the crowbar away into the tunnel. John and Lori
          speed up, getting closer to him, so he can make the jump.

                         
                         

                         

           Easy...
                         

           I know.
                         


                         

           I know!
                         
                         

          Lori's car moves closer to Donny's. There's a tense
          moment with some back and forth cutting... and then Ted
          makes the jump! He lands on the hood of Lori's car, and
          slides across, grabbing the windshield wiper to avoid
          falling off. He pulls himself back up. John and Lori
          breathe energetic sighs of relief.
                         

           Johnny! Total T.J. Hooker, right?
                         
          John and Lori laugh.
                         

           Yes! Fuckin' A right!
                         
                         

                         
          Donny sees what's happening in his side mirror. He puts
          his foot on the brakes, and the car screeches as it
          drastically reduces speed. John's car slams into Donny's
          causing Ted to go flying back through open rear window of
          Donny's car, past Robert 
          and tumbling into the back seat.
                         

           God dammit!
                         
          Ted gets his bearings, and notices the sack that Donny
          captured him in, lying on the floor. He looks up at
          Donny for a beat, then grabs the sack.
                         
          ANGLE ON Donny driving. Suddenly, Ted jumps up from
          behind, and throws the sack over Donny's head, bracing
          himself against the back of the front seat. Donny yells
          in anger, and pulls at Ted, trying to get him off.

                         
                         

                         
          Donny's car scrapes against the side of the tunnel,
          sending sparks flying.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny grabs Ted and flings him off his face, onto the
          floor on the passengers' side. Donny rips the sack off
          his head, and reacts as he looks out the front window.
          He's approaching the end of the tunnel, and there is
          opposing traffic moving in the other direction.
                         
                         

          Donny swerves past the traffic, narrowly avoiding
          clipping one of the cars. A moment later, John and Lori
          come racing out of the tunnel. However, a truck drives
          through the intersection, stopping them in their tracks.
                         

           Shit!
                         
          She pounds on the steering wheel, frantically willing the
          truck to get out of the way. Finally it does, and they
          continue on into the city.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny's car races through the streets, pursued by John
          and Lori, who are catching up again, but are still a ways
          behind.
                         

                         
          Ted is still on the floor on the passenger's seat side.
          He looks around, and spots a "Club" underneath the seat.
          He glances at Donny, whose eyes are on the road. Ted
          grabs the club, and scrambles up the seat, taking a swing
          at Donny. Donny ducks out of the way, and tries to slap
          Ted away as Ted continues to takes swings at him. A few
          of them land, eventually drawing blood. Donny smacks Ted
          away. Ted tumbles back onto the passenger's seat. Then,
          with determination, he grabs the Club again, scurries in
          front of Donny, and locks the Club onto the steering
          wheel with a snap! Donny's eyes widen as Ted scrambles
          into the back seat. Donny tries to turn the wheel, but
          can't.

                         
                         

                         
          Donny's car swerves out of control, veering up the
          street, and crashing into a lamppost, fishtailing as it
          impacts. The airbags go off as the car comes to a stop.
          Taking advantage of the situation, Ted scrambles out the
          back window. He catches his fur on a jagged shard of
          glass, slightly ripping his side. He hangs and struggles
          for a bit, then drops to the ground. He sways a bit.
          TED'S POV - We see that his vision is swimming slightly.
          That little rip has done something... He shakes it off,
          and runs up the sidewalk. ANGLE ON DONNY, who scrambles
          out of the wrecked car, followed by Robert. They chase
          Ted up the street. Ted spots a garage with the door
          slightly open. He squeezes himself underneath, and
          disappears inside.
          ANGLE ON JOHN AND LORI - They screech to a stop behind
          Donny's car. They hurry out, just in time to see Donny
          and Robert duck underneath the door. They run up the
          sidewalk after them.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted runs down a ramp, looking frantically around for an
          escape route. He darts off to the left, sprinting up a
          ramp, followed by Donny and Robert. Ted stops at a red
          metal fence, and squeezes through, rushing up the stairs
          on the other side. Donny reaches the fence, but with his
          larger size he has to climb over the top, which slows him
          down a bit.
                         
          ANGLE ON JOHN AND LORI - We catch them ducking in through
          the garage door, and running inside. They look around
          for a beat. ANGLE ON ROBERT, who turns and sees them
          . ANGLE BACK

                         


                         
          John and Lori turn just in time to see Robert charging at
          them!
                         

           You can't have my teddy bear!!
                         
          When Robert reaches John, John knocks him down with one
          punch to the face. Robert collapses. Lori and John look
          down at him.
                         

           Oh my god.
                         



                         

           Sorry, someone had to go Joan Crawford on
           that kid.

           Come on!
                         
          John and Lori run up the ramp, leaving a stunned Robert
          behind. When they reach the red fence, they look around,
          but it's unclear which way Ted and Donny have gone. John
          continues up the ramp  with Lori
          just behind him.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted runs as fast as his stubby legs will carry him.
          Donny is in pursuit, and getting closer. The chase moves
          past a concession area, and up a few flights of stairs.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted runs out onto the upper level, and stops. The camera
          PIVOTS 180 DEGREES and ascends to reveal the expanse of
          FENWAY PARK down below. A few lights are on, and one
          lone maintenance man sweeps the dirt. Donny emerges from
          the stairwell, which snaps Ted out of it. Ted sprints
          past the front row of seats, and comes to a dead end. He
          has nowhere else to go. With Donny closing in, Ted
          scurries out onto the ledge, and pulls himself up onto
          the lighting tower. He looks down. From TED'S POV, it's
          a long drop. Donny reaches out to grab him, but can't
          quite reach. Donny glances down at the drop for a beat,
          then pulls himself out onto the ledge to go after Ted.
          Ted climbs farther up the tower.
                         

                         
          John and Lori emerge and continue to look around
          frantically. They run up the walkway.
                         
                         

                         
          Donny pursues Ted up the tower.
                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori emerge into the lower seating section, and
          run down the aisle, looking around with desperation.
                         
                         
                         



                         

           (spotting the action on the

           Look!
                         
          John turns and sees the drama playing out on the distant
          lighting tower.
                         

           Oh Jesus...

           Stay here.
                         

           Wait, John! What are you--
                         


                         
          He turns and runs back up the aisle, toward the
          concession area.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted is starting to gain ground, but he slips, and falls
          back down. He's about to pulls himself up again, when
          Donny grabs one of his legs.
                         
                         

                         
          John continues up the aisle as fast as he can move.
                         
                         

          Ted struggles to pull himself from Donny's grasp, but he
          can't. CLOSE UP ON TED'S SIDE - The small rip from
          earlier begins to tear again. CLOSE UP ON TED'S FACE -
          His eyes go wide, and for a moment, his face freezes with
          fear. TED'S POV - His vision swims a bit more. He knows
          this is not good...
                         
                         

                         
          John reaches the top of the lower seating area, and
          sprints past the concession bar, heading for the stairs.

                         
                         

                         
          The struggle continues. As Ted tries to pull himself
          free, the rip gets bigger. He reacts again, and again we
          see his vision swimming even more.
                         
                         

                         
          John runs up the stairwell.
                         
                         

                         
          The struggle continues. Ted tries to pull himself up,
          but he's visibly weakened and his hands are slipping.
                         

                         
          John continues up the stairwell.
                         
                         

                         
          Ted manages to pull free from Donny. He uses all his
          depleted strength to pull himself farther up.
                         
                         

                         
          John runs past the top of the stairwell, and sprints over
          toward the lighting tower, just in time to see...
                         
                         

          Donny makes one final reach for Ted. He grabs Ted by the
          foot again, and pulls hard. With one great RRRIIIIIIP,
          Ted tears into two pieces. As John watches in shock, Ted
          falls through the air in SLO-MOTION, a shower of white
          stuffing descending with him. Lori watches with a hand
          over her mouth. The two halves of Ted land, along with
          the scattered white stuffing. Donny, still hanging,
          stares down at the fallen teddy bear. He starts pulling
          himself back over the ledge.
                         
          We lead and follow John as he runs back down through the
          stadium with desperate numbness. Lori climbs over the
          edge of the seating area, and runs toward him as well.
          ANGLE BACK ON DONNY, who pulls himself back over into the
          upper seating area. He hears the sound of a cop siren,
          and peers over the edge of the stadium. Seeing a cop car
          pull up far below, he makes a break for it.
                         



                         
          Down below, Ted's top half lies on the grass, looking
          around in a daze, like a badly wounded soldier for whom
          there is not much hope. John and Lori race to his side,
          and kneel down.
                         

           Ted!
                         

           Oh my God...
                         
                         

           
           Johnny...
                         
          Ted looks glassy-eyed for a beat. John starts to
          frantically gather up the chunks of stuffing.
                         

           Lori, get the stuffing! Get it all!
                         
          Lori starts helping him, desperately grabbing chunks of
          the white cotton.
                         

           Johnny...
                         
          John leans back over Ted.
                         

           You're gonna be okay, buddy. you
           understand? You're gonna be fine.
                         


           Jesus, I look like the robot from
           "Aliens".
                         

           No, look at me, buddy. I promise, you're
           gonna be okay.
                         

           I... I don't think so. I'm... I'm in
           trouble. I need... I need to tell you
           something.
                         

           What is it?
                         

           Don't... don't ever lose her again.
           She's the most important... most
           important part of your life.





           Even more than me. She's your thunder
           buddy now. She's--
                         
          Ted closes his eyes... and dies. ANGLE DIRECTLY ABOVE
          TED as we pull away, and it starts to rain...
                         
                         

                         
          The rain is pouring now. Lori's car pulls up. She and
          John hurry out, John holding the remains of Ted. They
          race inside.
                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori burst in with the remains of Ted. They're
          both drenched from the rain. Lori frantically searches
          drawers for sewing materials. She finds a needle and
          thread, and John puts Ted on the table. Lori starts to
          sew him up as John watches intently.
                         

           John... I don't know if this is gonna--
                         

           Just try. Please. Just try.
                         
          She continues sewing, until she is all finished. They
          wait. Ted still does not move. John and Lori lower
          their heads.
                         
                         

                         
          John sits on the couch, head in hands. Ted still lies on
          the coffee table. Lori enters with a blanket, and drapes
          it around him. She sits down next to him, bringing part
          of the blanket around herself. She places a hand on his
          shoulder.
                         

           John... I'm sorry. You did everything
           you could. I'm... I'm just so sorry.
                         
          She gently puts an arm around him. There is a
          thunderclap outside. John does not react.
                         

           (almost too softly to be

           You're not afraid...
                         
                         
                         



                         
          ANGLE ON TED  as a white sofa blanket is
          placed over him. John and Lori shut off the lights, and
          exit...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John is asleep, but we see that Lori is still lying
          awake. She sighs restlessly, and gets up. She walks
          over to the window, and looks out.
                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE UPWARD - We see a cloudy sky, much like the one
          from that night when John was a child. As before, there
          is a small clear patch in the center. A shooting star
          whizzes by through the opening.
                         
                         

                         
          Lori's eyes widen a bit in recognition. She stares at
          the shooting star for a beat, then closes her eyes and
          makes a wish...
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          John wakes up, looks around groggily, then remembers. He
          gets out of bed, and walks toward the living room.
                         
                         

                         
          He pauses for a beat... and walks in. The blanket is
          where it was left. John slowly removes it. Ted is still
          motionless. John lowers his head sadly. Suddenly, Ted's
          eyes snap open.
                         

           Ted!
                         


           I'm alive, Johnny!
                         

           Oh my god!
                         



                         


           I'm alive! Your magical wish worked!
                         

           You're back!
                         


           Yeah! I mean, when you sewed me up, you
           put some of the stuffing in the wrong
           places, so I'm a little fucked up. Will
           you take care of me forever and ever?
                         
          John stares at him, confused.
                         


           Nah, I'm just kiddin' ya, I thought it'd
           be funny if you thought I was fuckin'
           retarded.
                         

           You asshole!
                         
          John grabs him and hugs him. Lori enters. She sees
          what's happening, and a huge smile crosses her face.
                         

           Welcome back, Ted.
                         
          John turns to Lori, and realizes...
                         

           It... it was you. You did it. (cover
           this line with addition:) It was your
           wish.
                         

           
           Son of a bitch...You wished for my life
           back.
                         
          She smiles at him.
                         

           No. I wished for my life back. Because
           I love you both.
                         
          John goes to her, and kisses her passionately.
                         

           You were pretty great out there at
           Fenway, Johnny.
                         



                         

           Yeah, that's my big brave man.
                         

           Oh my god, do you know how awesome it was
           punching a kid? I felt so powerful! I
           mean if that's what it's like to hit a
           woman, watch out, I liked it.
                         


           I love you.
                         

           I love you, too.

           And, I want you to know that... I'm
           probably never gonna be any more than a
           guy who rents cars, but... I don't care.
           You're the only thing that matters in my
           life.
                         


                         

           You and Ted.
                         

           Yes!
                         

           And after last night, I... I don't ever
           want to lose anyone who matters to me
           ever again. I'm not gonna wait any
           longer for my life to start. Lori...
           will you marry me?
                         

           
           That's all I ever wanted.
                         
          John and Lori kiss as we pull away...
                         

           And so John, Lori, and Ted lived happily
           ever after, having discovered at last
           that all they really needed was each
           other. John and Lori were married in a
           beautiful ceremony in Cambridge, by a
           very special Justice of the Peace.

                         
                         

                         
          We hear the Flash Gordon Wedding March as we ANGLE ON Sam
          J. Jones standing in robes at the altar. Ted, in a tux,
          stands in the best man's position. John stands on the
          steps smiling and looking out as we cut to...
                         
          ANGLE ON Lori, walking down the aisle in a wedding dress,
          smiling warmly. TIME CUT to shortly after, as Sam Jones
          addresses the two of them, standing at the altar.
                         

           I now pronounce you man and wife. You
           may kiss the bride.
                         
          John and Lori kiss each other. They turn and wave to the
          cheering crowd. Ted waves happily to John, who waves
          back. John and Lori run down the aisle joyfully, passing
          pews full of people from the movie: Lori's co-workers,
          John's co-workers, (Guy sitting with HIS BOYFRIEND, Alix
          and Tanya, etc.).
                         
                         

                         
          John and Lori come running out of the church, as the
          crowd throws rice at them. They run to a waiting limo
          with a "Just Married" sign on the back. John gets in,
          and Lori turns to throw the bouquet toward Gina,
          Michelle, Tracy, and Tanya. Tanya catches it. She turns
          and smiles at Alix. Then suddenly, Tami-Lynn bursts into
          frame, punching Tanya in the jaw. Tanya goes down as
          Tami-Lynn tackles her, and the crowd tries to pull her
          off. ANGLE ON the limo as it pulls away...
                         
          Ted stands next to Sam J. Jones, watching with a smile as
          his best friend heads off.
                         

           Y'know Sam, there's only one way to end a
           perfect day.
                         

           What's that?
                         
                         

           On three.
                         

           What on three?
                         

           Flash jump.
                         



                         


           Right.
                         
                         
           One... two... three.
                         
          DOWNSHOT Ted and Sam Jones leap into the air at the same
          time...
                         


                         
          They freeze frame in mid-air, as the Flash Gordon theme
          kicks in. Over the music:
                         

           And that's the story of how one magical
           wish forever changed the lives of three
           very special friends.
                         
          INSERT: footage of Ted and Tami-Lynn from their double
          date.
                         

           Ted and Tami-Lynn continued their torrid
           love affair for quite some time. One
           afternoon Ted was caught behind the deli
           counter eating potato salad off of Tami-
           Lynn's bare bottom. He was instantly
           promoted to store manager.
                         
          INSERT: footage of Sam Jones, walking toward John in slow
          motion.
                         

           Sam Jones moved back to Hollywood with
           the goal of restarting his film career.
           He currently resides in Burbank where he
           shares a studio apartment with his
           roommate Brandon Routh.
                         
          INSERT: photo of BRANDON ROUTH.
                         

           Remember Brandon Routh from that god-
           awful "Superman" movie? Jesus Christ.
           Thanks for getting our hopes up and
           taking a giant shit on us.
                         
          INSERT: footage or Rex at the office.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         

           Rex gave up his pursuit of Lori. Not
           long after he fell into a deep depression
           and died of Lou Gehrig's disease.
                         
          INSERT: footage of Donny dancing in his living room.
                         

           Donny was arrested by Boston police and
           charged with kidnapping a plush toy. The
           charges were dropped when everyone
           realized how completely stupid that
           sounded.
                         
          INSERT: footage of Robert, talking to Ted in his bedroom.
                         

           Robert got a trainer, lost a substantial
           amount of weight, and went on to become
           Taylor Lautner.
                         
          INSERT: photo of TAYLOR LAUTNER.
                         
                         
                         



