






                          Written By

                       Melissa Rosenberg




                    Adapted from the Novel by

                         Stephenie Meyer





                                             Dec. 21, 2008




A FULL MOON FILLS THE FRAME -- Luminous, tinged with gold.      
Slowly, a penumbral shadow begins to spread across the          
moon's surface, darkening it from left to right...              


                "These violent delights have violent
                ends..."

... until the moon is enveloped in shadow; a new moon...        
which disappears into the darkness.                             

OVER BLACK - A RUFFLED TULIP appears, isolated against the      
blackness.                                                      

                "... And in their triumph die, like             
                fire and powder..."                             

HOLD ON the tulip as the background FADES UP around it to       
reveal we're now in --                                          



It's surrounded by the dark, lush, greenery of the forest       
floor.                                                          


                "... Which, as they kiss, consume..."           

SUDDENLY A FOOT SLAMS DOWN next to the tulip, nearly            
crushing it. As the foot immediately lifts off again, it        
grazes the tulip, knocking its petals off --                    


They abruptly change direction. Race on. INCLUDE BELLA          
SWAN, desperately searching the woods -- SHORT, SURREAL CUTS    
of her frenetic quest --


                Edward!

Ahead, through the darkness of the thick forest, she SEES       
SUNLIGHT; a clearing. She hurtles toward it --




                Edward!





-- as Bella bursts into the sunlight. It's the meadow where        
Edward revealed his skin in the sun. But he's not here now.        
Instead, Bella SEES --

ACROSS THE MEADOW -- AN OLD WOMAN, white hair framing her
withered face. Bella's eyes widen with surprise as she
recognizes --


              ... Gran?

GRAN looks as surprised as Bella. Bella smiles and waves,
as does Gran. Bella starts toward her but --


              Bella...
She spins to the voice behind her to SEE --

EDWARD emerge from the forest, his alabaster skin in sharp         
contrast to the shadows. She beams at him, relieved, in
love... until he moves to edge of the shade, inches from
sun's rays --                                                      


              Stop - she'll see!

But Edward just smiles and steps into the sunlight.                
Sunbeams SHATTER off his skin like a thousand rainbow              
shards, as if he were made of diamonds. An awesome sight.

JUMP CUT TO: Edward now inches from Bella, still glistening,
entrancing her. She wraps an arm around his waist, then
arranges her face into a calm expression. They turn to --          

Gran, whose expression is calm, too. Gran's arm is
extended, as if she also holds someone.
JUMP CUT TO: Bella and Edward, only feet from Gran now.
Bella's about to present Edward, but then SEES that --

Gran mimics Bella's movement exactly. With growing horror,
Bella reaches out to Gran... and touches glass!                    

PULL BACK TO FIND Gran is now surrounded by a GILDED FRAME.        
It's a MIRROR, mounted on a wall with wallpaper reflecting a       
surreal dreamlike version of the forest behind Bella.              


              Oh my God.

-- as she realizes that's not Gran; it's Bella, sixty-five         
years older.




Bella spins to her perfect, eternally 17-year-old Edward.
He takes her now WRINKLED, age-spotted hand. Kisses it.

Then he leans in very close to her 83-YEAR-OLD FACE and           
whispers into her ear --                                          


              Happy birthday.





ON BELLA - her eyes snap open. She lies atop her bed. A
book, "ROMEO AND JULIET," lays open on her chest. Bella
sits up, the dream still weighing on her...
INCLUDE HER ROOM, cluttered with pictures of Edward, of the       
Cullens; memorabilia of all things Edward. A KNOCK on the
door. CHIEF CHARLIE SWAN enters carrying two gifts, one
wrapped, one not.


              Happy birthday, Bells.


              Dad, we agreed, no gifts.


              At least mine's not wrapped.

He hands it to her. It's a digital camera.   Bella's
pleased, despite herself.


              Okay, this is actually kind of great.
              Thanks, Dad.


                   
              Goes with this one from your mom. We
              coordinated - well, she coordinated
              me.

Bella opens the wrapped gift to reveal a SCRAPBOOK.


              To put your pictures in, record your
              senior year -- man, senior year.
              How'd you get so old so fast?


              Not that old.






              I don't know. Is that a wrinkle?

Bella races to the mirror, searches her face.


              I was kidding.


              So not funny, Dad.



An AERIAL VIEW of this lush, green, overcast landscape; the
rainy world that is Forks. FIND Bella's old truck as it
lumbers down the two-lane highway...

              It was just a dream... but also my
              worst nightmare.                                   



Bella climbs out of her truck, shouldering her book bag.
She looks around the parking lot, seeking Edward --              


              Wherefore art thou, Bella?

She turns as MIKE, ERIC, ANGELA and JESSICA approach.


              You finish the Shakespeare assignment?


              He means will you finish his
              assignment?

              No, I don't -- okay I do.


              I can help you with it -- but first --
                   
              I need a picture. My mom's expecting
              a scrapbook full of memories.


                   
              I take `em, I don't pose for `em.


              You do today.                                      





She pushes Angela to the others; they arrange themselves --     


              You'll photoshop my nose if it looks              
              big, right?                                       


              Don't worry, I'm in the picture; no
              one will be looking at you guys.

Jessica scoffs, Angela points her camera at Bella; Mike and
Eric joust -- Bella aims --                                     



It FREEZES on them, fun, delightfully carefree... but when      
the camera lowers, their playfulness has dissipated as they     
see someone behind Bella. She turns to see --                   

EDWARD climbing out of his silver Volvo.


                                                           
              Oh good. Cullen's here.                           


                                                         
              Yay.                                              

The friends, uncomfortable, move off --


              Check ya later.

-- But Bella doesn't register their tone. She's transfixed      
by Edward who approaches, eyes never leaving hers. He           
reaches her, washing away all her concerns --

              Happy birthday.

-- except that one.    Her face falls.


              Don't remind me.


              Your birth is definitely a day to                 
              celebrate.                                        


              Not for me.                                       






              Eighteen is a little early to be                  
              worrying about your age.


              It's one year older than you.


              Bella, I'm ninety.


              True. Maybe I should be creeped out               
              that I'm dating such an old guy.                  


                                                
              Yes, it's the age that's creepy, not              
              the fact that you're dating a vampire.            

Then he kisses her, tenderly, adoringly. She kisses him         
back... despite their restraint, the passion mounts... until
he pulls away. As always, both are left wanting more.
Edward nods toward the school building --                       


              Class.                                            


              Right.   Class.                                   

Catching their breath, they start toward school... but          
Edward stops, hearing something in his mind. Irritated.         


              Someone wants you.


              Bella!
JACOB BLACK, 16, jogs up, carrying a used car part, long,
black ponytail wagging. He looks 18 due to his tall,
muscular body, but the gregarious Jacob is a little klutzy,     
still catching up to his growth spurt. He nods to Edward,
who moves off to the side but eyes them.


              God, Jacob, what are they feeding you
              on that rez, steroids? You're huge.


              Wouldn't seem so drastic if you came
              around more.






              I will, soon. But isn't your school,
              like, ten miles that way?


                   
              Just here buying this for the Rabbit.
              I'm almost done with the rebuild.
              Gotta come take a ride when it's done.              
                   
              Oh, and hey, happy birthday. Your dad
              told my dad. So...

He pulls from his coat a small woven DREAMCATCHER, feathers       
dangling from it. He hands it to her.

              I saw it the other day and thought of
              you - it catches bad dreams.


              This, I need. It's great.


              The bell's about to ring.

The bell RINGS. Jacob gives Edward an amiable smile, with         
just a hint of snark.                                             


              Ooh, look at you, all psychic.                      


              I don't have that particular gift.                  
              But I can read a watch. I'm clever                  
              that way.                                           

They share a tight smile.   Bella intercedes, squeezing           
Jacob's arm.                                                      


              Bye, Jake, and thank you.

Edward guides her away.   As they walk off --                     


              How come Jacob Black gets to give you
              a gift and I don't?


              He's just a friend.






              "Friends" don't spend two weeks
              looking for the perfect dreamcatcher.


              Stop reading his mind if he bothers
              you so much.


              Little hard to tune out.

She just laughs, but Edward looks back at Jacob with
resentment. Jacob holds his gaze.


Edward and Bella enter the double doors -- suddenly a small,
wrapped gift appears in Bella's face. ALICE presents it.


              Happy --


              Shh!

-- Alice whispers in her ear as she hugs Bella --


              -- birthday.

Over Alice's shoulder, Bella sees JASPER, keeping his
distance. He offers her a pleasant nod. She tries to hide       
Alice's present, hoping no one noticed --


              Alice, didn't I say no gifts?                     


              You did. I didn't. I've already seen
              you open it and guess what? You love
              it.


              You had a vision about my birthday.


              And about the green dress you'll be
              wearing to your party tonight. Great
              color on you.


              ... My party?                                     






              Please?     It'll be fun.                          


                                                 
              I... guess I can deal --                           


                                                      
              -- Great! See ya at seven!                         

Alice hugs her again and races off before she can change her     
mind. Which is when Bella realizes --                            


              Wait, Jasper, no fair with the mood                
              control.                                           

He offers an apologetic bow before Alice drags him away.         


              Vampires.    You can't trust them.                 



CLOSE ON A T.V. MONITOR - Zeffirelli's `68 "Romeo and
Juliet" plays. The suicide scene.


              Arms, take your last embrace, and
              lips, O you, the doors of breath, seal
              with a righteous kiss...





The room is dark as we PAN OVER the class, some students
entertained, some moved, Mike trying not to fall asleep.
The teacher, MR. BERTY, mouths every word --


              Here's to my love!
                   
              O true apothecary!    Thy drugs are quick.

FIND Edward and Bella in the back of the room, desks pushed
together, whisper-talking.


              I hate being... celebrated.                        






              Come on, the last real birthday any of               
              us had was Emmett's - I think Bing
              Crosby was on top of the charts.
                                                             
              You'll be helping us feel normal for a               
              night.                                               

Bella sits back, knowing she's trapped.    He kisses her hand.     


              There are worse tragedies than a                     
              birthday. Look at Romeo. He's                        
              responsible for his wife's death. Who                
              could live with that?                                
                                              
              ... Though I do envy him one thing.                  


                   
              Juliet's alright... if you like that
              obviously beautiful sort of thing.


              Not the girl - the suicide.
                                                     
              Nearly impossible for my kind. But
              humans, a little poison, dagger to the
              heart. There are so many options.                    


                   
              Why would you even think about that?

He turns her wrist over, runs his hand over the horseshoe          
shaped SCAR on her forearm.                                        


                                                           
              I considered it. Once.      When James               
              had you trapped.                                     

FLASHPOP TO "Twilight" - In the ballet studio, JAMES grabs         
Bella's arm and BITES --                                           

BACK ON EDWARD - pained.                                           


              I didn't know if I'd find you in time.
              If I'd gotten you killed --


              It wouldn't have been your fault --






              Either way, I had a plan.                          


              What plan?                                         


              There are... ways for us. At least                 
              one way. I would have gone to Italy,               
              provoked the Volturi...                            


              The who?                                           


              Is there something you'd like to share             
              with the class, Edward?                            


                                                       
              Certainly not. But I apologize for                 
              being a distraction. Perhaps you                   
              should rewind to act five, scene one,              
              line twenty-eight eighty-nine --                   
                                                       
              "If you had the strength of twenty men             
              it would dispatch you straight."                   

Mr. Berty just looks at him, then moves off, intimidated --      


              Eyes on the screen, people.                        

Bella is too concerned to be amused.                             



Lights glow from inside the beautiful house.                     

              The Volturi are a very old, very                   
              powerful family...



ON AN 18TH CENTURY OIL PAINTING, depicting Grecian figures in
swirling robes writhing among pillars and balconies. In a
high balcony, FOUR CALM FIGURES look down upon the bacchanal;
two black haired, one snowy white, one golden haired...


              The closest thing my world has to
              royalty...





INCLUDE -- Edward and Bella .
She studies the painting - the largest on a wall crowded
with pictures. The other walls are towering bookshelves.


              Francesco Solimena painted this; he
              often depicted the Volturi as Gods.

Bella examines the golden haired "God."


              Is that... Carlisle?                                


              Yes. He lived with them for a few                   
              decades. He describes them as very                  
              refined - for killers.



Their features begin to fill in, become real - THEY COME TO
LIFE in the painting, turning to leave the balcony through
an archway. We FOLLOW THEM into --



It's centuries old, its marble cracked and weathered. The         
open oculus in the domed ceiling is the only source of            
light. The room is empty but for three large wooden chairs        
and half a dozen VAMPIRES in elegant 18th century attire.


              The Volturi are also what you might                 
              call enforcers.                                     


              Of what?                                            

              The only rule they have: to keep                    
              secret the existence of our kind.                   

Two of the Volturi, MARCUS and CAIUS, take their seats,           
Carlisle stands beside them. ARO moves to the center of the       
room where we REVEAL --                                           

A ROGUE VAMPIRE is on his knees. He looks feral compared to       
the others, and terrified. Aro puts his hands on either           
side of the Rogue's face. Compassion?                             






              We don't make spectacles of ourselves,
              or kill conspicuously, unless we want               
              to die.

Aro then slowly, dispassionately, RIPS THE ROGUE'S HEAD OFF.      
Two Volturi Guards  appear on either           
side, holding him down as Aro easily detaches the head and        
tosses it aside. Aro calmly sits as the others tear the           
Rogue limb from limb. Carlisle has to look away...                



-- as Bella spins on Edward --


              Don't even -- talk about that. You                  
              can't let anyone hurt you. The                      
              Volturi or anyone else.                             


                                              
              Who else would hurt me?                             


              You said there were more dangerous                  
              things out there than you. And I know
              you have at least one enemy --



-- ON ALL THREE EVIL VAMPIRES, James, VICTORIA, the dread-        
locked LAURENT 

-- CLOSE ON VICTORIA - fire-red hair, burgundy red eyes,
feral, vicious grin 


              You said she'd come after you for
              killing her mate.




              Victoria? Yes, some day. But Alice                  
              will see her coming. And she won't win.

Bella looks up at him, pained.


              I hate that I can't protect you.

He laughs, amused.   She's decidedly not.                         






               That was me being serious.


                    
               I know. But you do protect me...                    
                    
               From boredom...                                     
                    
               And loneliness...                                   
                    
               You give me a reason to stay... un-                 
               dead. But it's... my job; to protect                
               you...                                              

-- but he stops, smiles, hearing something in his mind --

               ... from everyone but my sister.

-- as the door bursts open and Alice dances in.


               It's time it's time it's time!



Alice tugs Bella and Edward to the top of the landing, then        
skips down the stairs. They look down into --

THE LIVING ROOM - Hundreds of pink candles and rose-filled
crystal bowls. ROSALIE, ESME, EMMETT, Carlisle, Jasper and
Alice look up at her, all of them stunningly beautiful.

Bella would love to disappear, but Edward leads her down to --

THE LIVING ROOM -- where Esme and Carlisle hug Bella warmly.

               Sorry about all this.   We tried to
               rein Alice in.


               Like that's even possible.   Happy
               birthday, Bella.

FLASH!   Alice has snapped a picture of Bella with them.


                    
               Found it in your bag.   Mind?

Emmett moves to Edward's side.   Nudges him.






              Dating an older woman.    Hot.

Bella caught that.    Edward elbows him sharply to shut up.


              What?

Rosalie steps up.    Shoves a silver package at Bella.


              It's a necklace. Alice picked it out.

She walks away, bored. Bella has to smile.     She sees Jasper
across the room. They wave to each other.

                   
              Show me the love!

Edward pulls Bella into an embrace, they look deeply into
one another's eyes. FLASH!


              For your scrapbook.    Now open your
              presents!

Alice drags Bella over to a table piled with elaborately             
wrapped gifts, a huge cake and a tall stack of china plates.


              Alice, I'm the only one who even eats
              cake. That thing could feed fifty.


              Hope you're hungry.    Here, this one's
              from Emmett.
The others crowd around... Jasper somewhat away. Bella, no
fan of being the center of attention, opens the gift to find
an empty car-radio box.


              Um... thanks?


              Already installed it in your truck.


              Finally, a decent sound system in that
              piece of --






              No hating on the truck.     Thank you,               
              Emmett.


              Open mine.

Alice hands her a box.   Bella starts to open it, but --


              Ouch - paper cut.

CLOSE ON BELLA'S FINGER - A single drop of deep red blood
appears.

Bella thinks little of it, but then HEARS a disturbing,            
grisly SNARL -- she looks up just as --                            

BELLA'S POV - JASPER lunges toward her!    Teeth bared, eyes       
beyond reason --                                                   

-- Edward FLINGS Bella behind his own body, causing her to
CRASH into the table, plates shattering as --

-- Jasper SLAMS into Edward; sounds like boulders colliding.

-- Edward pushes him, hard; Jasper SAILS backward, hitting         
the wall. But he RICOCHETS off it and comes back at Bella.         

-- Emmett and Carlisle TACKLE Jasper from the side, dragging       
him to the ground -- Alice helps hold him down --                  


                   
              Jaz... shhh --

... But she stops, her head suddenly jerking toward Bella.
Then everybody's eyes snap toward Bella as they catch the
overwhelming scent --

ON BELLA - lying amid the shards of broken china. She looks
at her arm, seeing now - it's been slashed by plate shards;
bright red blood pulses out of her, pooling. She looks up --



All of them now, including Edward  stare
down at her, at her blood, with fevered eyes. Six suddenly
ravenous vampires...

SLOW MOTION ABRUPTLY ENDS as -- Carlisle jumps to Bella's
side. Edward, though white as a bone, snaps out of it and
stands between her and the others.






              Emmett, get Jasper out of here.                     
                   
              Emmett.

Emmett reins himself in, elbows Rosalie. They drag the
snarling Jasper out. Esme holds her nose, politely exits
with the others. Alice looks at Bella, apologetic --              


              I'm sorry, I... can't...                            

She slips out the door.   Edward's still on guard as Carlisle     
examines Bella's arm.


              I'll have to stitch this up.


              I'll carry her to the kitchen.

He moves to pick her up, but his eyes dart to the blood.


              I'll take care of her, Edward.
                   
              Check on Jasper. Go.                                

Edward looks from him to Bella. Then steps back, allowing
Carlisle to lift Bella and carry her to the kitchen. But
just before the kitchen door closes, Bella sees Edward's
agonized face. He turns away, unable to meet her eyes...



Bella sits in a chair opposite Carlisle who mops up her           
blood as he removes glass shards from her arm. He drops one       
into a bowl; PLINK. She tries not to look at the blood.           

              I sure can kill a party.                            


              It's not your fault. Jasper hasn't                  
              been away from human blood as long as               
              the rest of us.                                     


              Seems like you're the only one it                   
              doesn't effect.                                     


              Centuries of practice.                              






              Did you ever think of... living                   
              differently?                                      


              I enjoy   my work too much. Helping               
              people,   saving lives. I'm hoping                
              there's   a point to my existence, even           
              if I am   damned.                                 


              Damned?    You're not damned.                     


              Then you and I agree. But Edward                  
              doesn't believe there's an afterlife              
              for our kind.                                     
                                                
              He thinks we've lost our souls.                   


                                                     
              That's why he won't... He thinks he'd             
              be damning me.                                    


              If you believed as he did, would you              
              risk it?                                          

Off Bella, no, not ever...                                      



A large red bow hangs from the new stereo in the dashboard.     
Edward drives in silence. Bella studies him. Finally --         


              Say something.                                    

              What do you want me to say?                       


              That I'm a klutz. That I should have              
              been more careful --                              


              You got a paper cut. Normal people                
              get paper cuts. And a normal                      
              boyfriend wouldn't have flung you into            
              a stack of plates. A normal boyfriend             
              wouldn't have had to fight the urge to            
              kill you --                                       






              Stop.   I don't want normal, I want               
              you.                                              

Edward doesn't respond, just pulls the truck into --            



The truck stops.   Beat.                                        


              You can't protect me from everything -            
              something's going to separate us --               
              accident, illness, old age... as long
              as I'm human...

                    
              That's your solution?   My ending your            
              life?


              Your giving me forever.                           

He faces forward again, jaw tight, mind working, tormented.     
She reaches for his hand --                                     


              Carlisle told me how you feel, about              
              my soul, but I don't believe that --              

-- he subtly moves his hand away from hers.                     


              You should go in. It's late.                      

He climbs out - instantly he's opening the passenger side       
door for her. She climbs out. He looks down at her face -       
he softens as he takes it in. Puts a hand on her cheek.         


              I'll leave my window open for you.


                                                       
              I won't be coming back.   Not tonight.            


              Then... can I ask for one thing?   It's           
              still my birthday.                                
                                                   
              Kiss me?                                          





He lifts her face to his, and kisses her. He begins               
carefully, gently... but it changes, he becomes urgent, with      
an almost painful edge, as if it were goodbye.                    

Abruptly, he pulls away. With a last look, he turns walks         
off into the night. Off Bella...                                  



ON A PHOTO - as a printer spits it out. It's the pic Alice
took of Bella and Edward's embrace. Bella, troubled, puts
it in her scrapbook, her bandaged finger running over it.



"Romeo and Juliet" lessons are on the board. Everyone's
scribbling essays. Bella glances at Edward's desk; empty --

FLASHPOP TO --  ECU ON EDWARD'S          
EYES, hard, turning away from her...



Bella sits with Jessica, Angela, Eric and Mike. They joke,
throw things. Bella's distracted, looking-out for Edward.         

FLASHPOP TO --  ECU ON EDWARD'S HAND          
moving away from hers...

BACK ON BELLA'S WORRIED FACE, off which we go to --               



PAN the photos on the wall. INCLUDE EDWARD who studies            
them, his expression grim. He looks down at Bella's               
SCRAPBOOK to SEE the photo of him and Bella. He pulls it          
out, takes a closer look...                                       


ON BELLA THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD of her truck as she pulls         
into the driveway. She climbs out, heads toward the house         
but stops, relief washing over her --


              Edward.   You're here.

He stands by the house. Bella hurries toward him, but slows
when she sees his cold, distant face; an unreadable mask.


              Walk with me?





Edward gently takes her hand. Dread fills her, but she lets
him guide her toward the woods...



Edward stops by a fallen tree.        Turns to Bella.


              We need to leave Forks.                          


              What?   Why?                                     


              It's time. Carlisle's supposed to be             
              ten years older than he looks; people
              will start noticing.


              But... when?


              Now.                                             

Bella reels, trying to take this in.       Finally --          


              I'll have to think of something to               
              tell Charlie, but I can be ready --              


              Not you.   Us.                                   


                   
              What? -- no -- Edward, what happened             
              with Jasper - that was nothing.                  

              Nothing compared to what could happen.           
              You don't belong in my world.                    


              -- I belong with you --


              -- You don't --


              -- I'm coming --


              I don't want you to come!





Bella is stung, as if slapped.


              You don't... want me.                                    


              No.                                                      

She steps back.   Trying to understand this.                           


              I'd like to ask one favor though.                        


                                                    
              Anything.                                                

              Don't do anything stupid or reckless --                  
              do you understand?                                       
                                                               
              ... for Charlie's sake. Just... take                     
              care of yourself.                                        


              I... yes... I will.                                      

He softens ever-so-slightly.                                           


              Don't worry. You're human. Time                          
              heals all wounds for your kind.
              Particularly if you're not reminded.                     

Desperation wells up in her, overwhelming dignity.                     


              No, this is - don't do this.     Please.                 
He sees she won't let go easily.    Takes a breath.       His face     
turns cold again.                                                      


              Try to understand. Every second with                     
              you is about restraint. You're too                       
              fragile. I'm tired of pretending to                      
              be something I'm not. Reining myself                     
              in so I can be with a human.                             


              Then take my soul. I don't care!        I                
              don't want it without you --                             






                                                             
              -- You're not good for me, Bella.                       

Bella looks at him.   His hard face.   His resolve.                   


              I've let it go on too long.     I'm
              sorry.                                                  

Tears sting Bella's eyes. This can't be happening. He
steps forward... kisses her forehead. She closes her eyes.


              I promise, it will be like I never                      
              existed. Goodbye, Bella.                                
And here, for the first time, we SEE how truly agonizing
this really is for Edward. But Bella doesn't see.                     

By the time she opens her eyes - he's gone.    She spins --           


              -- Wait --

She SEES a LEAF FLITTERING to the ground where he grazed a            
branch; the only indication of his direction. She hurries             
down the path, then runs --                                           


              Edward?!

-- and she keeps running, going deeper into the woods...



Bella runs through the woods, searching, reminiscent of her
opening dream. It gets darker and darker, until we're deep into  
night -- HEAR Bella's sharp desperate BREATHS --                 

BELLA TRIPS. Falls to the damp forest floor.        She looks up,     
the trees spinning around her...                                      



She remains on the ground. Curls into a ball.       Darkness          
shrouding her. Devastation paralyzing her.                            

ECU ON HER FACE - numb. HEAR the faint sound of her name              
being called in the distance. A search party. She's too               
wrecked to respond.

Rain begins to pour; she doesn't register it....                      





SERIES OF SCENES END ON -- BELLA, lying there, dazed. She
begins to HEAR an animal SNUFFLING. It gets closer. It
sounds large. Scary. Then she hears a whisper --


              Move, Bella.

She lifts her head, looks for Edward... but SEES something         
else instead --

BELLA'S POV - A DARK SHAPE, huge, black. Nearing. Its EYES
reflect light for a split second; they're inhuman, savage.

Bella, terrified, manages to DRAG herself to a cluster of
trees. She squeezes between them. Breathing hard. She
closes her eyes, trying to disappear...                            


Bella's eyes open to find herself FLOATING several feet
above the ground. Trees pass by. She's being carried...



Half the town is gathered - a tired rescue party that
includes Mike Newton and Jacob Black.

Charlie, beside himself with worry, pores over a map with
BILLY BLACK  and Quileute HARRY CLEARWATER,
46, .


              I'll call the Cullens again. Her note
              said she and Edward went for a walk.


              They left town, Charlie.

              Hospital said Doc Cullen got a big job
              somewhere else.

Harry puts a reassuring hand on Charlie's shoulder.                


              We'll find her, Charlie.                             

Charlie is glad for the comfort of his two friends.                


              Charlie!                                             

Charlie spins to where Jacob points --







SAM ULEY, 20, emerges, a tall, strong Quileute Indian with       
cropped hair and a fierce expression. He's carrying Bella.       


              It's Sam Uley. He found her.

Charlie bolts to her; he's never moved faster in his life.
He wraps his arms around Bella, lifting her from Sam's arms.


              Thank you, Sam. Thank God.

Charlie carries Bella to the house, cradling her. Harry and      
Billy give Sam a nod of praise and gratitude. But Sam backs      
away, avoiding any accolades.

ON JACOB - jogging alongside Charlie, peering at Bella with      
worry. Then Jacob slows, feeling eyes on his back... he          
turns to SEE Sam Uley staring at him. Jacob, uncomfortable,
quickly looks away.

ON CHARLIE CARRYING BELLA up the stairs to the house --          


              What were you thinking, Baby?   Why
              were you out there?


              He's... gone.                                      

Off her as Charlie carries her inside --                         



OVERHEAD SHOT OF THE BED - Charlie lays Bella down and wraps     
her in blankets...                                               


She's curled in a fetal position in the middle of the bed.       
Then at its foot. Under the blankets. On top of them. In         
various different arrangements. Meanwhile...                     

A BLACK LIQUID begins to flood the floor, slowly swallowing      
everything in the room. It rises up the sides of the bed,        
higher and higher until it breaches the top of the bed and       
begins to engulf Bella. Off her, submerged in blackness...       







The leaves have turned red and orange.    SEE a FIGURE in the     
upstairs window --                                                



Bella sits in a rocking chair by the window. Her face             
blank. Empty. STAY ON BELLA, unchanging - but THROUGH THE         
WINDOW OUTSIDE, we SEE TIME LAPSING behind her --                 

OCTOBER -- Costumed kids appear in the yard, trick-or-            
treating. DISSOLVE INTO...                                        

NOVEMBER -- NEIGHBORS  bring Charlie
a turkey... they glance up at Bella's window with concern...      
WINTER BEGINS -- the trees' branches are now bare...              

DECEMBER -- Charlie drags a Christmas tree toward the house...    
worry has taken its toll on him. But Bella remains                
unchanged...                                                      


               Dear Mom... I'm...
                    
               ... lost...

PAN the now blank walls of the exceedingly neat room; gone        
are all traces of Edward...


               Edward took everything with him.
               Including my life. He promised it                  
               would be like he never existed...

... LAND ON the scrapbook which lies open; the photo of
Bella and Edward's embrace at the birthday party - gone.


BELLA AT HER COMPUTER, typing an e-mail to Renee.


               ... But I need to know he did.





Bella sits on the couch, blank, as the rain pounds.    Charlie
watches her, concerned.






              It's like a huge hole has been punched
              through my chest...



In the darkness, Bella is curled up in a ball on her floor.     


              But the pain is my only reminder that
              he was real... that they all were...



Lunch. Bella sits alone, staring straight ahead. SEE
Jessica, Eric, Angela and Mike, watching her with concern.
Talking about her. She doesn't notice.


              I miss them. Especially Alice...



A one-story contemporary home, surrounded by snowy, barren
land and woods. Through a LARGE PICTURE WINDOW we SEE Alice
and Carlisle, arguing inside --


              But I'm sure it's better for them, not
              having me around...



Alice faces off with Carlisle as the others watch on. Esme
desolate; Emmett blank. He sits next to Rosalie who seems
almost irritated. Jasper isolates himself in a corner.


              No.   We promised Edward.


              But she won't do well without us. I get           
              flashes of her, but they're unclear --            


              Forget her, let's drag Edward home.               


              He'll come back when he's ready.                  
              After Bella moves on.                             






              Yes. When she's living her life, safe                
              from danger --                                       


                   
              You mean safe from us.

Alice wraps an arm around Jasper, soothingly.


                   
              And when will that be?


              Can you see him, Alice?                              
They all turn to Alice... a beat. She closes her eyes,             
trying to get a lock on Edward -- PUSH IN ON ALICE as --


              The only decision he's made...





 START HIGH ON A MOUNTAINTOP in        
the middle of nowhere. SWOOP DOWN to its peak on which we          
find EDWARD. Standing still, face agonized.                        


              ... is to be alone...                                

-- and suddenly, he starts running, like he's trying to            
outrun his memories, faster and faster -- he races toward a        
CLIFF; a RAVINE hundreds of feet below --                          
Edward doesn't slow, just blasts forward faster; then he           
LEAPS off the cliff, FLOATING, but the pain stays with him --      

ON EDWARD'S FEET landing hard on the other side of the             
ravine - as they hit ground we --                                  





-- as they hit computer keys --


              Time passes. Every tick that goes
              by... aches...







INCLUDE BELLA'S COMPUTER SCREEN, as she types...


              Like the pulse of blood behind a bruise...

Bella stops. A beat as she stares at her own words.   Then
she hits "select all" and "delete" --

ON THE COMPUTER - A BLANK DOCUMENT. She types: "Hi Mom,
things are great, grades are up. Hanging with friends.
Stop worrying. I'm fine."

Bella presses "send", and the cheery e-mail disappears.
Bella rises, returns to her rocking chair, staring out             
desolately. PUSH PAST HER OUTSIDE...                               



-- Someone's watching her, pacing menacingly, hungrily...





Bella exits to find Charlie out by the street, stuffing
trash into the bins. He talks with neighbor, Bob Marks, who
also attends to his trash: two old, beat up motorcycles.           


              It's about time you got rid of those,
              Bob. Seen one too many bikers smeared
              on the highway.


              Save the lecture, Chief. Soon as the
              garbage truck hauls `em off, you and
              my wife can rest easy.
                    
              Oh, hey, what's the word on that bear                
              problem? Folks are saying they're                    
              huge.                                                


                   
              That's just... talk...                               

-- as Charlie watches Bella walk to her truck, head down.
Bob sees her, too --


              How you doin' there, Bella?





Bella, in her own world, doesn't respond.   Bob gives Charlie
an understanding shrug and heads off.

ON BELLA as she opens her truck door.   Suddenly, it gets
slammed shut again by Charlie.


               That's it.


               That's what?


               You're going to Jacksonville to live
               with your mother.

               What?   Why?


               I just - don't know what to do any                  
               more. You don't act like someone left               
               you; more like someone died.

She looks away.   That's how it feels to her.


               I'm not leaving Forks.


               Bells, the bastard's not coming back.

She nods.   Knows this all too well.                               


               It's not normal, this behavior. And                 
               frankly, it's scaring the hell outta
               me, and your mother.                                
                    
               Go to Jacksonville, Baby. Make some
               new friends.


               I like my old friends.


               You never even see them anymore.


               I do, too. In fact, I'm... um...
               Jessica and I are going to Port
               Angeles tomorrow. Shopping.






                   
              You hate shopping.


              That's how good a friend I am.


                   
              Alright. Shopping.


              Hi Jessica, it's Bella...


Bella drives, talking on her cell .


              ... Yes, Bella Swan. Hey, any chance
              you feel like shopping tomorrow?



Bella and Jessica exit the theater.   A MARQUEE behind them      
bears the title of a ZOMBIE film.                                


              I don't get why are there so many                  
              zombie movies.                                     


              It's, like, a metaphor? For crass                  
              consumerism or something.                          

Bella glances at her.                                            


              Not that you'd know anything about                 
              consuming. You didn't buy anything                 
              today.                                             


              I bought something.


              Socks don't count. `Course, I was
              surprised you even called.


              I've been kind of... out of it.






              Kind of? I mean, at first I was
              worried. Then I'm like, okay, she's
              still bumming? It's not like I wasn't
              going through things, too. Like Mike
              deciding he wanted to "just be friends?"
              That was really hard and --


              How `bout a ride, girls?

As Bella looks ACROSS THE STREET, time suddenly SLOWS --



-- FOUR ROUGH-LOOKING GUYS loiter out front next to their           
motorcycles. They're in shadow, we can't see their faces.



FLASHPOPS: Bella surrounded by FOUR GUYS ;
Edward's Volvo skidding to a stop; Edward staring them down --

BACK ON BELLA, a chill going down her spine, FREEZING her as
she stares at the foursome across the street...

Then suddenly -- a pair of lips lean next to her ear --


              Move, Bella.

She turns to find Edward standing next to her. Or so it
seems. But he's an illusion; an apparition - which becomes          
clear when --

Jessica steps right into him, dissolving him to nothingness, and


              Come on.


              I know them... I think...                             


              Can we just go --

Jessica pulls at her arm, but Bella shakes her off.


              I want to see something.





Much to Jessica's frustration, Bella begins to cross the
street toward the Guys, frightened but drawn.


              Alright, we got a taker.

The apparition of EDWARD REAPPEARS in her path this time.           
She stops.


              Turn around, Bella.     This is                       
              dangerous.                                            

But when she steps backward, he fades. Testing her
hallucination, she strides forward again -- Edward's
apparition reappears, strides alongside her --

              Stop.   Now.

She's almost smiling as she reaches the Guys, finally able
to see them clearly -- and stops, realizing --


              ... You're not them.                                  

And with that.... Edward disappears.


              We'll be whoever you want, honey.

Guy #2 pulls up right next to her on his motorcycle.


              Ready for a thrill ride?

GUY #2 extends his hand to help her onto the bike.     She          
hesitates.                                                          

              Walk away.     Go.                                    

Edward's apparition appears on the other side of the bike.          
Bella looks at him with determination -- then climbs on to          
the back of the bike --                                             


              I can break promises, too.                            


                                                          
              ... Okay.                                             






              Bella!

The bike LURCHES forward, going way too fast. As the wind            
blasts her hair back, she realizes this might have been a            
mistake --                                                           


              ... Wait                                               

Guy #2 doesn't hear her, guns the engine, going faster --            



Edward stands in road, directly in their path, more present,         
more clear than ever. The bike's headlight illuminates him,          
racing toward him --                                                 


              Stop - stop! - STOP!                                   

The bike abruptly pulls up short.                                    


              Hey, I didn't force nothing on you.                    

Bella scrambles off, stumbling in the process.    Edward is          
gone.                                                                

The four Guys then REV their bikes and PEEL out.    Bella            
watches them go as Jessica storms up.


              What the hell is wrong with you?!


                   
              I... saw something.                                    

              You.   Are insane. Or suicidal.                        


                                            
              The more dangerous... the more real it                 
              was.                                                   


              So, what, you're like an adrenaline
              junky now? Go hang-gliding or bungie-
              jumping. Don't be a complete freak.





An angry Jessica charges off. Bella watches the motorcycles
disappear down the street as --


              He wasn't real. I knew that. I                       
              didn't care. I needed to see him. If                 
              danger's what it took, that's what I'd               
              find.                                                

Off Bella, determination settling into her face...



Bella pulls up in her truck, a tarp covering something big
in the back. Jacob comes out of the house. A huge grin.

              Bella!

Bella hops out, Jacob gives her a hug.   Bella's surprised by
his affection, but doesn't mind.


              `Bout time you came by.


              I brought you something.

Bella pulls the tarp back, revealing - her neighbor's two
dilapidated, rusting MOTORCYCLES.


              Scrap metal. You shouldn't have.


              I rescued them from the dump. They'd
              cost more than they're worth to fix...
              unless one had a mechanic-type friend.

              Me, being the mechanic-type friend?
                   
              Since when are you into motorcycles?


              Recently.


                   
              The parts alone will be pricey.


              I have a college fund I can dig into.






              Charlie's gonna love that.                           


              Charlie won't know.                                  


              Wow. Lying to Dad. Blowing through                   
              college money. Repairing dangerous                   
              machines - that I'm guessing you'll
              want to ride?


              I really get it if you think this is
              stupid and reckless.

              Oh it's totally stupid and reckless.
                                              
              When do we start?

Bella face spreads into something we haven't seen in a
while... a wide smile. As they pull the bikes off the
truck, they laugh and joke; it's as though Jacob has brought       
Bella back to life. But --



-- someone's watching as the two of them wheel the bikes           
into the garage. REVERSE on the watcher to discover --



Next to Sam stand two others, JARED, 17, and PAUL, 18. All
three have cropped hair, sleeveless shirts, cut-offs. It's
unsettling how they watch Bella and Jacob; the ferocity in
their eyes, the danger.
Sam turns; the others follow his lead. The three slink
soundlessly into the darkness of the woods...





Two hikers, NATE and TIM, 20's, as they tromp through the
shadowy, mist-laden woods. Tim studies his IPhone GPS --


              We're going the wrong way.


              Who cares?   Enjoy the scenery.






                    
               And the West Nile virus.

Tim hears a RUSTLE.    Stops.


               You hear that?


               If I knew you were such a wuss, I'd
               have brought my grandma.


               Could be one of those giant bears.

               There are no giant --

RUSTLE. Nate stops. Then, from the opposite direction,
another RUSTLE. Then another, and another, from behind,
from in front. It's either more than one creature or it's
moving with extraordinary speed. The guys are terrified.


               What the hell is that?!


               I don't know!

The guys, faced away from one another, search the trees.
STAY ON TIM as suddenly, there's an eerie SILENCE. Beat.


               Think it's gone?

No answer.   He turns to find that Nate has vanished.

               Nate?   Nate!?

Nothing... then the RUSTLING starts again.       And intensifies.

Tim BOLTS! CLOSE ON TIM - tearing through the woods, too
scared to feel the branches SMACK him in the face. Breath
ragged, he looks over his shoulder --

TIM'S POV - BEHIND HIM - something gives chase, flattening
foliage and bending thin trees in its path. Tim runs harder --  



A couple cars pass.    Civilization.   Safety.   Tim races for it --







Tim bursts from the tree-line, he's almost to the pavement,       
he`s going to escape --                                           

BAM! Something YANKS him out of frame at an unnatural             
angle. His SCREAM is abruptly choked off, leaving nothing         
but a disturbing silence...                                       





Motorcycle parts are spread out on blankets.    Jacob moves
among them excitedly, piecing them together.    Bella watches.

              If we're going to be working on this
              every day, we should probably include
              some homework. Don't want the Dads to
              think I'm a bad influence on you.


              You influence me?     Please.


              I am older than you.


              Age ain't nothin' but a number.


              And I convinced you to secretly build
              us two-wheeled death machines.


                   
              God, you're right, you're like Satan --

              Yo, Jake, you in there?

Bella abruptly sits up, starts to pull a tarp over the bikes.


              It's cool, it's just my boys.

QUIL ATEARA and EMBRY CALL enter, both 16. Quil is short,
stocky and feisty, with short hair. Embry is tall, thin and
laid back, with chin-length black hair.


              Hey, Jake --





They stop when they see Bella.        The two guys share a smile.


              Hey. This is Bella.         Bella, that's
              Quil and Embry.


              So the bike building story is true.


              Taught him everything he knows.


              What about the part where you're his                    
              girlfriend?                                             

              Oh, we're just friends.


              Ooh.    Burn.


                   
              I said she's a girl and a friend.


              Embry, you remember him making that
              distinction?


              Nope.

Bella rescues Jacob --


              So I guess you guys have girlfriends.

                   
              Right. Quil took his cousin to prom.

Embry chuckles, as well.


              Yeah, that's still a riot. You want
              funny, Black? I'll give you funny.

Quil makes a run at him, he dodges; a playful scuffle ensues.
Embry, amused, saunters over to Bella.


              I got five bucks on Quil.






              You're on.

The scuffle continues.   Off Bella, enjoying them...





The bikes begin to take shape, the parts on the blanket thin      
out.                                                              


              I never forgot my reason for doing                  
              what I was doing...                                 
Jacob clowns for Bella's amusement, pretends to skewer            
himself with a pipe. She laughs.                                  


              But being with Jacob was a bigger perk              
              than I expected...                                  

He constantly touches her, playful, affectionate. It's            
effortless in contrast to Edward's intense restraint. We          
can see her spirits beginning to lift.                            



Bella and Jacob exit, make their way across the yard to her       
truck. Bella seems lighter, happier than before.                  


              Quil keeps asking to come over. I                   
              think he likes you a little too much.               


              Tell him I'm not into the cougar                    
              thing.


              What is it with you and age? I mean,                
              that Cullen guy was young, didn't seem              
              to... bother you.                                   

He instantly regrets saying Edward's name as he sees it           
crush her spirits. Off Bella, retreating into herself...          


              Not even Jacob could keep away the                  
              nightmares...







Bella TEARS through the forest, searching desperately. Then
she turns -- finds Edward a few yards away, his face cold.      
She steps toward him -- but he BOLTS backward, suddenly
twenty yards away --


               ... the terror, the loneliness.

-- he rapidly retreats further until he disappears, leaving
Bella utterly alone, darkness closing in on her...



Bella SCREAMS in her sleep. The light turns on and Charlie      
hurries to her side, gently shaking her awake.                  


               You're alright, Bells.   You're okay.            

Her eyes open, tears streaming down her cheeks. He doesn't      
quite know what to do, so hands her a glass of water from       
her bedside table. She sits up, sips. He pulls the              
dreamcatcher from her bedpost.                                  


               This thing's not working very well.              


               It's... not as bad as it was.                    


               Yeah right.                                      
                                                          
               I know what it's like, you know. When            
               your mom left me. I had a hell of a              
               time. Imagined doing all kinds of                
               crazy things, just to stop the pain.             

She avoids his look.                                            


               But hanging out with Jacob seems to              
               help get your mind off... things.                


               He's been keeping me afloat.                     


               That's good. He's a good guy.                    

Off Bella...                                                    







Bella drives along the La Push cliffs. Jacob rides shotgun.
He studies a grease-blackened motorcycle crankshaft.


              We got lucky at the dump. You know
              how much a new crankshaft goes for?


              Sure, I spend all my free time on
              crankshaft-dot-com.


              I think that's a porn site.
                                                           
              These bikes are gonna be rolling soon.             
              Where should we ride first?


              Someplace sunny.                                   


              Like there's any place sunny around                
              here.                                              


              I know a place above the cloud line --             

The second she says it, she regrets it -- off her --

FLASHPOP TO - THE MEADOW, Bella lying in the grass with          
Edward , flowers surrounding them.                   


              Where is it?

BACK ON BELLA - her face falls.

              Actually, it's... too hard to get to.              

He brings his easy smile and optimism to the rescue.


              So we'll find our sunny spot, right?               

She smiles, grateful. Then she looks out the window at the
cliffs... and notices --







FOUR MEN stand on the rocky ledge of the cliff (Sam, Jared,
Paul, and a fourth). They wear nothing but cut-off shorts.
They push each other, rough-housing.


              Isn't that... Sam Uley?


                                                         
              And his cult.

Suddenly, two of the guys throw a struggling Jared over the
cliff! BELLA SLAMS on the brakes. Jumps out of the truck --
Jacob climbs out after her --

              Oh my God!   Stop them! --



-- Bella runs toward them.   But Jacob's laughter slows her.


              They're not really fighting, Bella.                
              They're cliff diving.


              What, on purpose?


              Scary as hell, but a total rush.

BELLA'S POV - A DIVER  takes a running start and           
FLINGS himself into the air, twisting and cartwheeling down.

Bella is intrigued, sees the potential for adrenaline - for      
Edward.                                                          


              Most of us jump from lower down.


              Think I could?


              Man, first motorcycles, now cliff diving?


              You said it was a rush.






              Maybe on a warmer day. And not from
              the top. We'll leave the showing off
              to Sam and his disciples.

There's that bitter edge again.   She looks at him.             


              You don't like them.


              They think they run this place.   Acting
              all bad ass, calling themselves
              "protectors."


              What are they protecting?


              The tribe, the land, their right to be
              jerks. Embry used to call them hall
              monitors on steroids; now look at him.

Bella looks closer, SEES the fourth guy is Embry, hair now
shorn, thin frame filled out, laid back expression gone. It
pains Jacob to see him.


              That's Embry? I didn't recognize him.             
              What happened to him?                             


              He missed some school - then, out of
              nowhere, he's following Sam around.
              Same thing happened with Paul and
              Jared. They weren't even friends, now
              Sam owns them.
                                                          
              Sam keeps giving me this look, like               
              he's waiting for me or something; it's            
              kinda freaking me out.                            


              Maybe you should just avoid them.


              I try but...                                      

She sees he's unnerved, instinctively hugs him reassuringly.    


              Hey.   If it gets worse, we'll go to my
              Dad.   Or you can come stay with us.






              Thanks.
                   
              If this is how you're going to react,
              I'll freak out more often.

Bella realizes she crossed a line and covers, playfully
shoving him. As they head to the truck, Bella looks back --



-- but now he's looking directly at her. Then he turns and
DIVES over the edge, cutting a clean line into the water.


Bella carries her tray to an empty table, but looks over at
Mike, Angela, Jessica and Eric. Bella takes a breath, then
casually joins them. They take note, but keep talking.


              I'll kill Tyler if he gave me his flu.


              It's going around. My sister was so
              sick she couldn't come on our hike
              this weekend... so she didn't see it.


                                                         
              Ang, maybe you should keep that to                
              yourself --                                       


              We saw something, Eric.                           


              I believe you.                                    

              No he doesn't. He's just trying to                
              get lucky.                                        


                                              
              Is that an option?                                


                                                  
              It was jet black and huge; on all                 
              fours it was still taller than a                  
              person. A bear maybe.                             






                 Or Big Foot.                                       


                 Or an alien. Lucky you didn't get                  
                 probed.


                                                           
                 ... We saw it.

She's serious.    And a little scared.   Bella see that.            


                 You're not the only one.
Everyone stares.    Did Bella just speak?


                 My dad's been getting reports at the
                 sheriff's station. A couple hikers
                 went missing. People are scared.

Now everyone's chilled.


                 I did hear some guy talking about it
                 at the store.                                      


                 Last time you clowns doubt my                      
                 girlfriend.                                        

As they continue, Angela mouths "thanks" to Bella. They             
share a smile and join in, Bella becoming part of the group.




-- just inches apart.


                 You look scared.


                 I'm not.

She's lying. PULL BACK to see she's straddling the now
completed motorcycle. Jacob stands next to her, holding the
bike up. There's an intimacy to their proximity. INCLUDE --







The bike is aimed down a dirt road.     Jacob runs through the     
instructions:


               Brake?
                    
               Clutch?
                    
               Right. Gas?
                    
               You ready?

Bella nods.   Jacob grins... then KICK-STARTS the bike.

               Slowly... release the clutch.

She does... the bike moves forward an inch -- Jacob
cautiously steps back. She moves forward another inch --


               Stop.

Bella turns to find the apparition of EDWARD standing next
to her. Her hand slips off the clutch, the bike BUCKS and
falls on top of her. Jacob quickly lifts it off her as the         
apparition of Edward disappears.


               You okay?   Bruises, breaks -- ?                    


               I'm going again.


               I'm not sure that's a good --
Bella quickly rises and hops back on.


               Guess we're going again. Now what are
               you going to do with the clutch?


               Release it.    Slowly.

Jacob nods. Then kick-starts the bike again. She releases
the clutch and moves forward. Slowly at first -- EDWARD
reappears at her side, glowering.





She keeps going, a little faster. EDWARD appears on her left     
now; she passes him. He reappears ahead; she passes.

ON BELLA'S FACE as the wind flings her hair back. She
gathers speed... and for a moment, experiences pure freedom,
exhilaration... then she sees Edward standing at the curve
in the road ahead, and realizes --


                   
              I don't -- how do I turn!?


              Bank it!   Bank - hit the brake!

Jacob races toward her. She reaches the turn, doesn't bank,
goes straight... and flies right into a wall of trees.

As she lies on the ground dazed, Jacob hurries up.


              What, are you training for the X-games?

She looks around for Edward.   He's gone.


              I want to go again.


              Forget it. I'm revoking your                       
              motorcycle privileges. Man, look at                
              your head.                                         

Indeed, blood drips down her forehead. He pulls off his          
shirt to mop it up. She shrinks away --                          


              God, I'm sorry.                                    

              You're apologizing for bleeding?                   


              It doesn't... bother you?


              It's just blood, Bella.

He bends over her, carefully tending her head. She finds
herself looking at him. His dark eyes, his bare chest and        
smooth skin. He glances at her.                                  






              What are you staring at?                             


              Just, you're actually... good looking.               

He's surprised; there's a moment between them.     He smiles.


              How hard did you hit your head?                      


                                                        
              Oh I - yeah.                                         

He offers her a hand, helps her up.    She holds onto it,          
alarmed.                                                           


              Jake, you're hot.                                    


              Upgraded from good looking?                          


              No, temperature hot.                                 
                                               
              You're burning up.                                   


              I feel fine.                                         

He takes her hand from his forehead.   Holds it.   She tries       
to pull it away.                                                   


              What?   I can't hold your hand?                      

              It just... means something else to you               
              than it does to me.                                  


              One, that's my problem. But two... we                
              have fun, you think I'm hot --                       


              Good looking.                                        


              I know you like me.                                  






              More than anyone.    But... that's all.


              Because of Cullen?                                   

The name stings her.   He takes both her hands now.                


              Look, I know what he did to you. I                   
              can see it in your face every time his               
              name comes up. But you need to know -                
              I would never, ever do that to you. I                
              promise I will never hurt you. You                   
              can count on me.                                     

              I already do. You don't know how                     
              much. You're my best friend but... I                 
              don't think my feelings will change.                 

He takes this in, it's hard. A wave of something sweeps
over him. He sits back. Closes his eyes, takes a breath.


              I'm sorry. I should've said something                
              right from the start --


              No. That's not -- I just feel...                     
              weird.


              I told you, you have a fever.                        
              Probably that flu everyone has.                      


              It doesn't... feel like flu.    I don't              
              know what it is.                                     

Off Jacob, rattled, and Bella, concerned...                        



Bella does homework. Charlie watches a game.     She's on          
edge. Anxious. HEAR A BEEEEP --                                    


              Hey Jake. Just checking to see how                   
              you're doing. And to say I'm sorry,                  
              about, you know... how I feel and...                 
              hope the flu passes fast. Call me.                   







Bella climbs out of her truck, SEES the empty spot where           
Edward used to park. SEES Eric and Angela canoodling.              
Couples everywhere. She puts her head down, hurries to             
class. BEEEEP --                                                   


              Hi Jake. Your dad said you have mono.                
              He won't let me visit but... would you               
              call me?                                             



Bella paces her room, not wanting to sleep/dream.     She eyes     
the phone, waiting for it to ring. BEEEEP --                       

              Me again.   I just... need to hear your              
              voice...                                             



Bella's on the phone, leaving yet another message, her             
desperation having reached its peak. In the living room,           
Charlie and Harry check their fishing gear.                        


              Jacob.   Please. Call me.                            

She hangs up, leans her forehead against the phone.     Charlie    
enters --                                                          


              Harry and I will be back by three --

He stops when he sees her.   Puts a hand on her shoulder.          

              It's mono, Bells.                                    


              He's too sick to even call?                          


              You just gotta wait it out.                          
                                                             
              You know, I don't have to go fishing...


                   
              No, go. I'll call Jess or someone.                   






               Good. But stay here or at Jess's. No                
               hikes or anything. We're issuing a                  
               warning about those bears.                          

Off Bella's nod --                                                 



SERIES OF CUTS - Bella tries to navigate her way to the            
meadow. She refers to a map, a compass.                            


               I was more afraid of the hole in my                 
               chest than I was of bears. Without                  
               Jacob, I needed Edward more than                    
               ever...                                             

Bella tries a trail; it doesn't look familiar.    Backtracks.      
Tries another.                                                     


               ... I needed to know he existed.                    
               There was only one place I might find               
               him, or the feeling of him...                       

FLASHPOP - THE MEADOW - Edward and Bella lie in the grass          
surrounded by flowers, sunlight dappling them. They look           
lovingly into one another's eyes...                                

BACK ON BELLA - the memory and her desperation fuel her.           
Finally, she sees a clearing ahead, hurries toward it --           



-- Bella steps into the clearing, hopeful... but her face          
falls. In contrast to the warmth of her memory, the meadow         
is cold, gloomy, cloudy. And no Edward. She closes her             
eyes, trying to force Edward here.                                 

Nothing.   Her eyes open on the empty, overcast meadow.            

Bella sinks to her knees. Tears threatening. But then she
hears a RUSTLING noise. She turns toward it, peers into the
woods.                                                             

Another RUSTLING NOISE comes from another part of the woods.
She spins toward it -- nothing. Then she turns and JUMPS
when she finds --

Vampire LAURENT standing just ten yards away.    Dreadlocks,
chiseled face. Bella can't believe it.                             






              Laurent?


              Bella.                                            

She beams, realizing he's real.                                 


              Laurent!                                          


              I must admit, I didn't expect to find
              you here.


              I live here. But you - I thought you              
              were in Alaska with Carlisle's friend.


              Tanya, I was. It was kind of him to
              arrange, given my association with
              James and Victoria, "The Enemy."


              You tried to help us.                             

Laurent begins to stroll in a slow arc around her, his eyes
assessing her as --


              I went to visit the Cullens, but their
              house is empty. I'm surprised they
              left you behind. Weren't you sort of
              a pet of theirs?

Bella's smile falters, fear beginning to dawn on her.           

              Um... something like that.                        


              Do the Cullens visit often?

Suddenly, EDWARD'S apparition appears between them.             


              Lie.


              Absolutely.    All the time.






              Lie better.


              I'll tell them you stopped by.

Edward fades (throughout, he'll reappear when he speaks,
then fade again). Bella tries to look relaxed.


              Will they be able to reach you in Alaska?


              I don't think so. Tanya's "vegetarian"
              family was pleasant enough. But the
              dietary restrictions were difficult -
              living on nothing but animals.

Suddenly, he's standing inches from her.   She now sees his
EYES. Dark blood-red.


                   
              Tell me Bella. Do you ever feel                        
              compelled to... cheat?                                 

Bella involuntarily takes a step away from him.


              But that's not why I left. I came
              back here as a favor to Victoria.


              ... You're still friends.


                                                             
              More or less. She asked me to get the                  
              lay of the land with the Cullens.
              Because, well... I'm afraid Victoria                   
              is quite put out with you.


              That's... too bad.


              Yes. She feels it's only fair to kill
              Edward's mate, given he killed hers.
              Eye for an eye, mate for a mate.

And now Bella knows.   Terror overwhelms her.   Edward appears --






              Threaten him.


              Edward will know who did it.   He'll
              come after both of you.


              I don't think he will. After all, how
              much could you mean to him if he left
              you here unprotected?
                   
              Victoria sent me here for information.             
              She won't be happy about my killing                
              you.                                               

              No, Laurent...


                                                        
              No, no, no. Don't be upset. I'm                    
              doing you a kindness. Victoria plans               
              on killing you slowly, painfully -
              whereas I'll make it very quick.
                   
              And you smell so... mouth watering.

He faces her, taking in her scent, bloodlust building.   Her
eyes dart around, escape is impossible --

The only thing she SEES is the apparition of Edward, looking
at her with alarm...                                             


                   (whispering, barely                           
                    audible)                                     
              Edward. I love you.                                
Laurent is milliseconds from biting - then abruptly, his         
expression changes. He sees something in the forest behind       
Bella - and it terrifies him.                                    


              I... don't believe it.

He steps back. Bella's confused as she realizes he's no
longer focused on her... she follows his eyes, slowly
turning... to find behind her --

AN ENORMOUS BLACK WOLF skulking out of the darkness of the       
woods. It stalks towards them, a low disturbing GROWL in
its throat, sharp teeth gleaming.





Bella is trapped between the two killers.    Edward whispers
in her ear --


              Don't.   Move.

The wolf slinks closer to Bella, a mere twenty feet from where     
she stands, then --

FOUR MORE WOLVES soundlessly emerge from the trees, flanking
the black wolf. They're the size of small horses, all of
different hues: dark silver, chocolate, ash and russet-            
brown. Their hackles are up, lips curling, bodies crouched,
ready to spring.                                                   

Bella is frozen with fear as they come toward her. The RUSSET-  
BROWN WOLF is the closest and looks directly at her. Laurent    
continues to retreat - then suddenly, almost simultaneously --  

-- Laurent BOLTS across the meadow --                              

-- The wolves SPRING toward Bella -- and leap right over her
in pursuit of Laurent! Their thunderous SNARLS and SNAPS
shake her as the pack sprint after the vampire, surrounding        
him before he reaches the treeline --                              

Laurent SWINGS at the dark silver wolf, SMACKING the wolf          
half-way across the meadow. Another wolf lunges at Laurent -       
he kicks it and it sails into a tree, SPLINTERING it.              

The two wolves recover, lurch back to the pack which closes        
in on Laurent. It's impossible to know who will prevail --         

Bella doesn't stay to find out.     She RACES into the woods --    



-- Bella runs franticly, tearing down the hillside,                
tripping, quickly picking herself up -- running, running --        



-- Bella DASHES out of the treeline and to her truck parked        
on the shoulder. She jumps in, PEALS out --                        



Bella BURSTS in, out of breath. Charlie and Harry
Clearwater are washing their fishing gear. Charlie spins.


              Bella?   What's wrong?






              They're not giant bears -- I saw them.
              Up in a meadow --                                   


              Damn it, I told you not to go into the
              woods!


              What did you see, Bella?


              Wolves.   They're wolves, Dad.

We might note, though they don't, that Harry Clearwater
sighs ever-so-slightly.                                           

              Five of them. The size of - of cars.                
              I swear. They went after -- something -
              - and I ran.

Charlie grabs up the phone; as he dials --


              Harry, can you get some men from the rez?


              Sure.   Yeah. I'll just --

Harry seems more concerned than gung-ho as he slips out.


                   
              Jerry? Put a hunting party together --
              tranq guns, large caliber shotguns --
              there's something dangerous out there.

              Something dangerous. Victoria.                      

Her eyes dart around the house, their vulnerability spinning      
in on her. As Charlie hangs up, goes to his gun cabinet --        


              If she came after me, Charlie would                 
              try to protect me -- and he'd die.                  


              I've gotta go to the station.


              Good! -- That's good.                               






                You okay here? You want to come with?              


                Actually, I -- need to see a friend.               



Bella knocks.   Then knocks again.    Finally, Billy answers.


                Hi, Billy.   I know Jacob's sick but --


                He's out with friends.

                      
                Oh.


                I'll let him know you came by.

Billy starts to close the door, but Bella stops him.


                Wait -- he's got mono, right?    That's
                what you told my dad.


                     
                You should go on home, Bella.

And he closes the door.      Off Bella --



Bella climbs in, slams the door, pissed. Starts the truck.
Then turns it off. Deciding, she tosses the keys aside and         
sinks down into her seat to wait...



RAIN now pours down. Billy, inside, pulls the curtain back,
looks out at Bella with sympathy. Then closes the curtain.



Bella looks out the passenger window at Billy. Suddenly,
there's a KNOCK at the driver's window. She spins to find --

JACOB standing there. But his face is shockingly different.
His hair is cropped short. No friendly smile.




No warmth in his eyes. Just a hard, brooding resentment.
Bella is taken aback. She climbs out of the truck to FIND --



-- behind Jacob stand Sam Uley, Jared, Paul and Embry.
They're oblivious to the rain, wear minimal clothes.              


              You cut your hair.


              Go away.

Jacob turns away. Sam leads the group toward the house.
Jacob follows. She, and we, note his sure-footed strides;         
his awkward growth spurt disappeared overnight. She grabs         
his arm.


              What happened to you?

He stops, turns back. The others wait on the porch for him.
They're out of earshot, but won't leave him alone with her.


                   
              I can help.

His face is hard as he shakes his head.   He's not talking.


              Sam got to you. What did he do?


              Sam's trying to help me, don't blame him.


              Then who?

                   
              How `bout those filthy, reeking
              bloodsuckers you love? The Cullens.                 


                                                          
              I... don't know what you're --                      


              You know exactly what I'm talking                   
              about.                                              

He's shaking, almost convulsing with anger.    She regroups.      






              The Cullens are long gone.    How are                
              they to blame?                                       


              They started all this by existing.
              Goddamn leeches --


              Jacob.

Jacob glances at Sam, who gives him a look.     Jacob takes a      
breath, trying to calm himself.                                    


              I can't be friends with you anymore.

              Jake, I know I hurt you. I should
              have been more up-front but -- I
              needed you, I still do. I don't know                 
              what that means yet, but if you give                 
              me time --                                           


              Stop.    Don't. It's not you --                      


              -- "It's not you, it's me?"     God.                 


              It's true.   I'm not... good.                        


              You're wrong --                                      


              It doesn't matter.    This is over --                

              I can't take losing my best friend, too.             


              You already have --


              Don't say that -- you promised --                    


              Go home, Bella. Don't come back.

He practically runs away, joining the gang who all disappear
inside. Off Bella, standing in the rain...







Bella enters, dripping wet, too listless to close the door.       
Charlie's face falls when he sees the pain and lifelessness       
returned to her. He grabs a blanket, wraps her in it.             


              Billy called, said you and Jacob had a
              fight. But, hey, you guys will work
              it out, I'm sure of it.


              I'm... going to change.

Bella heads upstairs.   Charlie sags, helpless.   He moves to     
the open door --                                                  


-- It paces, watching Charlie slowly close the door...            





Bella TEARS through the forest again, searching. She turns --
finds Edward, cold, distant. But his face begins to MORPH...      

... and becomes Jacob's. She reaches for him but he BOLTS         
backward, suddenly many yards away.


              Why!?                                               

He, too, retreats further, disappearing until Bella is alone.

BLACKNESS encroaches, the moonlight becoming a tiny
spotlight on her. She searches the dark - then SEES a pair
of EYES, female, blood-red - coming toward her; HEAR a loud




-- Bella tosses herself awake, slowly realizing it was just
a dream. But she HEARS the SCREECHING noise again!                
Fingernails on her window. Bella bolts upright, looks
around for a weapon --


                   
              Bella! Ouch - damn it; open the window.

Bella cautiously moves to her window to find --







Jacob, shirtless, clings to the top of a tree which bends
with his weight. Bella opens the window, whisper-yelling --


                What the hell are you doing?


                Get out of the way.

He begins to swing his legs, increasing momentum.       She
realizes what he's about to attempt --


                No!
He launches himself THROUGH the window with great agility --



-- Jacob lands on the balls of his feet. Bella is stunned.           
He freezes, listening for Charlie. Nothing. A bitter, self-
satisfied grin spreads on his face. It pisses Bella off.             
He takes in her room.                                                


                I pictured your room more...                         
                cluttered.                                           


                Why are you here?                                    


                I had to talk to you.   Alone.


                To kick me in the gut again? It was                  
                bad before, but you made it so much                  
                worse.                                               


                I know. And I want to explain.                       
                But... I can't.


                Then leave.                                          

He stays put.   She tries to push him but he's immoveable.           


                You're done with me, remember?   Get.                
                Out!                                                 






              Bella, I literally can't explain...                 

She becomes aware of her hands on his bare skin and muscular      
chest. The intimacy of their touch. She pulls away.               


              I broke my promise not to hurt you, I               
              know. But I'm trying to keep it now.                
              I need you to understand... even if                 
              you don't want to see me when you find              
              out --                                              


              Find what out?                                      
He starts to speak -- but can't.   It's agonizing.   She sees     
he's in pain. Is concerned.                                       


              What's wrong?                                       


              I can't do it.                                      


              Yes, you can. I'll help you. We                     
              can... we can leave. Leave home,                    
              leave Sam.                                          


              It's not something I can run away                   
              from.                                               
                                                            
              I would run with you though. If I                   
              could.                                              
                                                 
              Wait. Wait, I already -- I told you.                
              You know this -- you can guess.                     


              I don't want to play games with you --              


              You have to! I can't tell you, but if               
              you remember - it was that day I ran                
              into you at the beach. I told you a                 
              story -- come on! I told you a                      
              story... about?                                     


              ... about... "The Cold Ones?" You                   
              said it was a stupid tribal myth.                   






                                                       
              Was it? Are the Cold Ones a myth?                   

She doesn't answer.                                               


              What else did I say?                                


              That... the tribe made a treaty with                
              them. They can't come onto your land                
              and... I don't know, I don't remember.              


              Try, Bella.                                         

              You have to give me more. Tell me                   
              where to look. Is there something I
              should see -- ?


              No, that's too dangerous --


              I'll take the risk.    Jacob, show me.              

He looks at her, doesn't want to but knows it's the only          
way. Beat.                                                        


              Where was the last place you saw me...              
              the way I used to be?                               


              The motorcycles - that clearing in the              
              woods.                                              
He nods slowly, then turns to go.    She stops him.               


              Don't go. There are dangerous things                
              out there; more than you know.                      

He looks at her with a wry smile. Then pulls her into a           
hug. Her cheek against his bare chest. She takes in the           
closeness... then he soundlessly heads out her door. A beat
-- Bella starts pulling on clothes.



Bella drives through the darkness.






              If I was going to lose someone else, I              
              needed to know why.

She pulls off the road, and drives into the forest.



Bella parks. Climbs out of her truck. The moon eerily             
illuminates the clearing. Forest NOISES encroach.

She hears a RUSTLE amid the trees. Spooked, she freezes --        
then SEES JACOB emerge from the trees. A moment as their
eyes meet. Then --

Sam Uley, Paul, Embry and Jared step into the clearing, as        
well, half-clothed, movements almost synchronized. Their          
expressions simultaneously alter into fury when they see
Bella. Paul spins on Jacob.


              What the hell have you done?!


              I didn't tell her.   You'd know if I                
              did.                                                


              She's here, isn't she?


              Bella, there's nothing to see here.
              You should go home.


              Not until I know what you did to Jacob.


                   
              What we did?!

Jacob moves in front of Bella protectively, facing Paul.


              Both of you, calm down --


              Sam, she knows things about the                     
              bloodsuckers. She's been on the                     
              inside. She can help --                             


              Like a leech lover's gonna help us.






              Watch what you call her.


              Get a grip, guys --

But Paul and Jacob are so angry, their bodies begin to
shake, nearly convulse. It unnerves Bella --


              It's alright, Jacob, I'll go --                     

Paul and Jacob are beyond hearing.                                


              All you care about is her --

                   
              Paul, back off.


               -- and she doesn't give a crap about
              you --

Jacob flashes anger, PUSHES Paul, hard.   Paul FLIES backward.


              Jacob.

Paul rises, outraged, throws his head back in a growl,
vibrating violently --


              Too late.


              Bella, get back!                                    
Paul FALLS FORWARD but halfway to the ground there's a loud
RIPPING noise and Paul explodes in silver-gray fur, becoming
a massive wolf crouched and ready to spring!

Bella, horrified, grabs Jacob's arm, pulling him --               


              Run, Jacob! --                                      

But he yanks away from her, runs directly at the Paul-wolf --     


              Jake, no!   Stop -- !                               





Jacob DIVES headfirst into the air - with another sharp
TEARING sound, shreds of cloth blast into the air, fur
BURSTS from Jacob's skin - he lands on the ground a gigantic
russet-brown wolf, charging the Paul-wolf.                           

Bella reels as the two wolves CRASH into each other,                 
snarling and RAMMING one another. The sound is DEAFENING.
Their teeth flash at each other's throats.

Bella stumbles backward as the fight carries the two wolves          
beyond the clearing and into the woods --

CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM, as they fight deeper and deeper into
the darkness... until they disappear. The horrible SOUNDS
of the fight still ECHO --
BACK IN THE CLEARING -- Sam starts after them, kicking off           
his shoes.


              Take Bella to Emily's place.

Sam disappears leaving an eerie quiet.    A long silence...


              Guess the wolf's out of the bag.

Off Bella, stunned.



Bella's truck, driven by Embry, pulls up to a tiny,                  
weathered house with a window box full of marigolds. Jared,          
in the back, jumps out, opens Bella's door. He and Embry             
head toward the house. She doesn't move.                             


                                                           
              Pay up. She didn't puke.                               

Jared, annoyed, hands Embry five bucks.                              


              Told you she was tough.     She does run               
              with bloodsuckers.                                     


              Wait. We should go back, make sure                     
              Jacob's okay.                                          


              I hope Paul gets some teeth in him.                    
              Serve him right.                                       






              No way. Jake's a natural. You see                     
              him phase on the fly? I gotta fiver                   
              says Paul doesn't touch him.                          


              Easy money.    Paul's been at it longer.              

Bella looks at them, appalled.      They realize she's not          
following them.                                                     


              Come on in.    We won't bite.                         


              Speak for yourself.                                   
Bella warily climbs out of the car, joins them.     Embry           
pauses at the door --


              Oh, hey, about Emily - Sam's fiance -                 
              just try not to stare. It bugs Sam.                   


              Why would I stare? --

-- But the guys are already entering --



Bella hesitantly enters behind Jared and Embry. She sees            
EMILY, 20, at a counter, popping fresh muffins out of a tin.
SEE only one side of Emily's beautiful face, draped by long
black hair.


              You guys hungry? Like I have to ask...
Emily looks toward them now -- REVEALING the other side of
her face: A scar runs from hairline to chin, three red lines
that pull down her eye and twist her mouth.


              Who's this?                                           

As Jared and Embry beeline for the muffins --


              Bella Swan.    Who else?


              So you're the vampire girl.






              And you're a... you're all...                     


              Werewolves? I'm just engaged to one.              
              But these animals --                              
                                            
              Save some for your brothers.                      

Bella cautiously approaches the counter, keeping an eye on      
the door for Jacob.                                             


              Leave it to Jacob to get around Sam's
              gag order.

              He didn't say anything, or...                     
              couldn't.                                         


              That's a wolf thing. Alpha's orders               
              get obeyed whether we want to or not --           


              How `bout you shut up now, Embry?                 


              You know Jacob's gonna fill her in.               


              Yeah, I know every stupid thought he              
              has.                                              
                                                      
              Wanna know what he thinks of you?                 


              Like you need special powers to know              
              that.                                             


                                                      
              It's another wolf thing. We hear each             
              other's thoughts. Good for hunting.               
              Embarrassing for everything else.                 

Jared leans to Bella, challenging.                              


              Freaking out yet?                                 






                                                
              You're not the first -- mind reader               
              I've met.                                         


                                                         
              Jake's right. You are good with the               
              weird.                                            


              But I don't get -- how?   Why? --                 


              -- Because there are bad things here.             
She spins - Sam is now standing behind her, the front door      
open behind him.                                                


              And they're getting worse.                        

Bella is chilled. Sam moves past her to Emily - the sight       
of her instantly warms his face.                                


              Hey, Em.

He kisses Emily's scarred face adoringly. Bella has to look     
away. Their utter devotion is a painful reminder of what
she has lost. Fortunately, she's distracted by --

Jacob and Paul's arrival. They laugh and jab one another.
Bella is relieved to find Jacob unscathed. Jared and Embry
crowd them, finding a scar on Paul's arm --


              Ha!   Pay up.
As Jared reluctantly hands Embry five bucks, Jacob's eyes       
find Bella's. He nods solemnly to the door; we should talk.     



The sun is just beginning to rise, reddening the clouds         
overhead. Bella paces by the cliff's edge, trying to come       
to grips with this new reality. Jacob keeps his distance,       
trying to control his anger.                                    


              You just have to... stop.                         






              It's not a life-style choice.   It's in           
              my DNA.                                           


              Killing is in your DNA?                           


              Man, I thought maybe you wouldn't be              
              such a hypocrite -- what, I'm not the             
              right kind of monster for you? Can't              
              measure up to your bloodsucking                   
              friends --                                        


                                                 
              Hey, they manage to survive without               
              hurting innocent people.                          

Jacob stops -- a beat as his anger is replaced by confusion.    


              Wait - innocent? -- so... you don't               
              care that I morph into a giant dog.               
              Just that I... kill people?                       


                                                      
              "Just?" Those hikers' lives mean that             
              little to you?                                    

He bursts out laughing.                                         


                                         
              Oh my God.                                        


              Bella -- Bella wait...                            
                                                  
              We're not killing hikers.   We're                 
              trying to protect them.                           


              From what?                                        


              The only thing we do kill: Vampires.


                   
              Vampires? Jake, no --






                   
              Don't worry, we can't touch your
              precious Cullens - unless they bite
              someone and violate the Treaty --


              That's not what I -- you can't fight
              vampires. They're too dangerous.


              Please. We took out that leech with
              the dreads easy enough.


              You... killed Laurent?                           

                                                      
              ... He didn't seem like a friend.                


              No, God no.    But... how?                       


              It's what we do, why we exist. A few             
              "lucky guys" in the tribe have the               
              gene. If a bloodsucker moves to town,
              our DNA kicks in, we reach the right
              age and the fever hits --                        


                   
              "Mono."


              I wish. Next thing I know, they're
              telling me, this is your life now. That
              future you saw for yourself? Gone.

Desolation fills him.   She sees this.


              It's bad, huh?


              I just hate feeling... out of control.
              Like maybe Sam is right; you shouldn't           
              be around me.


              Like you could get rid of me.






              You've seen Emily.                                

That lands with her.   She nods.                                


              Sam lost it for a split second; Em was            
              standing too close -- he's still messed
              up about it.
                                                          
              I don't want to be that kind of
              nightmare.


              You're not like that. You save                    
              people, right? You saved me from                  
              Laurent.


              Yeah, didn't mind taking him out. His             
              red-headed girlfriend will be fun,
              too.

Bella stops, chilled to the bone.


              Victoria.     She's here?


              We chased her all the way to the
              border the other night. But she won't
              stay gone. Keeps coming back -- if we
              knew what she was after...
                   
              ... What?


              I know what she wants.      Me.




A MASERATI with Canadian plates blasts down the highway at a    
blinding speed --



CLOSE ON VICTORIA, easily controlling the steering wheel
with two fingers. She speaks to someone we don't see, her
words laced with longing and fury.






              James hated cars. He liked being
              close to the ground. But I'd steal                   
              one occasionally, to throw him off the
              scent... See, we played hide and seek
              sometimes. No one can hide like me --                
                   
              -- but no one could seek like James.

INCLUDE her barely conscious passenger, DENISE, 30's, a
pretty bleach-blonde with expensive jewelry. She's just
coming to, a bump on her head where she was knocked out.


              What -- what are you -- ?

              Some games   lasted months... but we
              always got   hungry for each other.
                   
              So I'd let   him find me...

Denise now lucid, looks around to SEE --                           

IN THE BACK SEAT her husband, MICHAEL'S BODY, well-dressed
in a turtle neck, 40's, sits upright, his head tilted
forward as if he's resting. Denise reaches for him --


              Michael?    Oh my God --


              We never could get enough of each
              other...
                   
              We would have had forever to try.

Denise, scared, shakes Michael's arm --

              Michael?!

-- which causes Michael's head to roll to the side,
revealing his gouged, blood-soaked neck and his vacant, dead
eyes. Denise starts SCREAMING. Victoria grins.


              James always loved a screamer.

Victoria's hand jets out, grabbing a fistful of Denise's
hair. She yanks Denise over, exposing her neck just as we --












              Excellent. If the redhead's after
              Bella, we've got bait.

With stunning speed, Jacob grabs a four-pronged spading fork
from some garden tools, and FLINGS it toward Jared's head -
Jared easily, and amazingly, catches it.


              She is not bait.

INCLUDE - A picnic table in the middle of this small,             
quaintly landscaped garden. Jacob, Bella, Embry, Paul, Sam,
Jared and Emily are in the midst of a huge breakfast.


              I should leave town.                                


              Victoria will follow you and make it                
              harder for us to catch her.


              No one can catch her.   She can escape              
              anything.                                           


              Ooh.   She has special powers.                      


              Some of them do.                                    

They all look at her.   She instantly regrets saying it.          

              Like... what? Bella?                                


              The mind reader you said you knew. He               
              was a suckhead? Can they all do that?               


              That would blow.                                    


              No, I -- shouldn't have - no.                       


              She's still protecting them.                        






               I don't know why. It's not like they                   
               stuck around to protect you --                         


               Guys, back off.                                        

Jacob looks apologetically at Bella.   She shrinks, stung.            



Jacob walks her to the door.                                          


               Don't worry, we've got this place                      
               covered. She won't get near you or                     
               Charlie.                                               

Bella nods.   He sees she's blue.                                     


               Hey, we should do something fun.                       
               Like... cliff diving, right?                           


               I could use the rush.                                  


               Soon.   After we catch her.                            

He offers a reassuring look before jogging into the woods.            



Bella tentatively approaches the large, modern glass home.            
She climbs the porch steps, approaches the door...                    


Bella enters to find it perfectly intact, lived-in, warm,             
candles glowing... and the Cullen family enjoying the
evening - Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper.                 

Bella is overwhelmed with joy at seeing them.                         


               You're here.                                           

But they ignore her. Won't even look at her.      She starts          
toward them but suddenly --                                           

Edward appears and YANKS Bella away, pulling her to the door          
and pushing her out, slamming it on her --                            







-- Bella runs to the window, peers in at the family who           
continue to ignore her as they gather around Edward --            



Bella awakens, tears on her face. She can't take it. Gets         
the hell out of bed, anxious to leave the dream behind. But       
it stays with her...                                              



Bella knocks on the door, rain falling around her, wind           
blowing strong. Emily opens the door. Sees her.                   

              Bella.   Are you okay?                              


              Yeah, I just... is Jacob here?   He                 
              wasn't at home...                                   

Sam appears behind Emily.                                         


              He's with Jared and Embry, keeping an               
              eye on things. I'm heading out soon.                
              Should I tell him something?                        

-- as Sam wraps an arm around Emily. Their deep love is           
achingly obvious. Off Bella's face --                             

FLASHPOP to Bella and Edward at her birthday party, in a          
similar embrace, as Alice SNAPS their picture --                  

BACK ON BELLA - pained.                                           

              You want to come in?                                

-- But Bella's already hurrying to her truck, determination       
on her face.                                                      



CLOSE ON A RIFLE as it locks and loads. INCLUDE CHARLIE,
who checks it, then notes the position of the SIX MEN in his
hunting party, all wearing rain gear. He SEES Harry at the
end of the line, pausing, looking down.


              You got something, Harry?





ON HARRY - he looks down at a large WOLF PAW PRINT.


              Nope, nothin'.

The hunting party moves forward.   Harry lets them get ahead,
stomps out the paw print.

ON CHARLIE as he passes under a huge tree --

WHIP PAN UP THE TREE to find that HIGH ABOVE, crouching on a
limb, is VICTORIA. She watches Charlie with a vengeful glare.

She noiselessly SWINGS down to a lower branch, getting ready
to pounce on Charlie --
ON HARRY - his eye catches her movement; he looks up, SEES
the back of her red head -- his breath CATCHES --

She HEARS the sound, even through the rain and wind.    Before    
Harry can raise his shotgun --

Victoria's standing next to him, WHIPPING the gun out of his      
hands with superhuman speed. He GASPS, breath stuck in his        
chest. She grins, about to bite -- but suddenly --                

THE RUSSET-BROWN JACOB-WOLF smashes into her, knocking her        
away. She rights herself immediately and takes off --             

THE THREE WOLVES give chase, disappearing. It all happened        
soundlessly, in seconds, unbeknownst to the others...

STAY ON HARRY - he still can't catch his breath, IN SLOW
MOTION he clasps his left arm -- INTERCUT WITH --



LIGHTNING FAST CUTS of THE CHASE - the wolves are right on
Victoria's tail, blasting through the forest --

BACK ON CHARLIE - SLOW MOTION - He turns to SEE Harry
clutching his chest. Charlie runs to Harry's side --

SMASH BACK TO VICTORIA escaping at breakneck speed she
bursts out of the trees to --                                     



-- Victoria beelines for the choppy water, dives in -- when
she reappears, she's hundreds of yards offshore --

THE WOLVES prowl the beach in frustration as we go --





BACK ON HARRY - SLOW MOTION - he falls to his knees just as
Charlie reaches him. Off Charlie beginning CPR...





Bella's truck comes to a stop; she climbs out. Ignoring the
wind and rain, she strides to the cliff's edge; looks down --

BELLA'S POV - THE WATER - steely gray.     Rough whitecaps.


              Step back.                                             

Bella smiles, tears of relief springing to her eyes.    She          
turns to find Edward's apparition at her side.                       

She steps back from the cliff's edge - which causes him to           
disappear.                                                           

That's it. She starts pulling off her shoes and coat,                
adrenaline pumping --                                                

Edward's apparition reappears, but she keeps going --                


              Stop this now, Bella.                                  


              You won't stay with me any other way.                  

She takes a last look at him... then with a running leap --          
FLINGS herself over the edge --                                      

ON BELLA SCREAMING with exhilaration as she plummets down,           
down... then SPLASHES into the water.                                


No sign of Bella. A beat. Suddenly, she POPS back up.
Inhales deeply -- and laughs!


              Yes!

She enjoys a moment of elation and empowerment... then turns
to swim ashore... but her smile falters when she realizes
how strong the current is...

A WAVE crashes over her head. She gasps for breath.     Then         
ANOTHER WAVE hits her. Starts to pull her under...





UNDER THE WATER - Bella struggles --

ABOVE WATER - she pops up, looks around in a panic, SEES --

BELLA'S POV - IN THE DISTANCE - something orange-ish,
bobbing on the surface of the water --

Bella goes down - then comes up again - THE ORANGE-ISH thing
is suddenly thirty yards closer.

Bella struggles to stay afloat but the current SMASHES her
into a rock, the air goes out of her chest. She sinks.

ANGLE ON THE ORANGE-ISH THING -- IT'S VICTORIA, floating
effortlessly, hungry anticipation on her face. She dips
below the surface, vanishing...
UNDER THE WATER - BELLA SINKS, struggling at first... Edward      
appears in front of her, his eyes full of longing and love.
He reaches to her, she to him, hands almost touching, things
going dark... suddenly A HAND GRABS HER COLLAR --





CLOSE ON BELLA - barely conscious.


              Breathe, Bella! C'mon!

Jacob hits her on the back.   She spits up water, coming to.


              Bella?   Can you hear me?


              ... Jake?
She focuses, finally SEES Jacob hovering over her, relieved.
Behind him stands Sam.


              She'll be alright.

Sam looks out at the water, scanning it.   Sensing something.


              What the hell were you thinking?


              I needed... to see... something.






               What? The pearly gates?   If we hadn't
               heard you scream --


               Get her home. I'm heading to the                 
               hospital. I'll meet you there.                   

Jacob nods.   Sam jogs off.


               Why would you jump? Didn't you notice
               it's like a hurricane out here?


               I know. It was stupid --                         
                    
               -- Sam said hospital - someone's hurt?


               Harry Clearwater had a heart attack.


               Oh my God - does my Dad know?


               He and my dad are both over there.


               Will Harry be okay?


               I don't know. Come on. I'll find you
               something dry and drive you home.

As Jacob helps Bella up, we RACK FOCUS out to --

ANGLE ON THE WATER - where Victoria bobs, watching Jacob
guide Bella away... then she disappears below the surface.



Jacob drives. Bella wears a fleece jacket but still
shivers. He pulls her close, wrapping an arm around her --


               Hundred and eight degrees over here.

She tucks herself into him.


               Must be nice, never getting cold.






               It's a wolf thing.


               It's a Jacob thing.   You're just...             
               warm.                                            


                                                         
               Like the sun.                                    


                                                    
               Like the sun.                                    


               Which always comes back.   You can               
               count on me.                                     

She nods.   Awkward silence.   He fills it.                     


               There are other cool things about all            
               this, like -- I heal fast. Wanna see             
               me stab my hand?


                    
               Yeah, `cause that would be fun.                  



The truck pulls up to the curb. It's pitch black outside.
Jacob's still holding her close as he shuts the engine off.


               So... this wolf thing's not all bad?             

               It's better. Now that you know.                  
               But...                                           


               ... but...                                       


               It just... comes so easily to me.                
               More than the other guys.                        


               That's a good thing, isn't it?                   






              Maybe. Or maybe it makes me less...                
              human than the others.
                   
              Sometimes I'm scared I might...                    
              disappear, you know? Who I really am.              

Bella faces him, looks directly in his eyes.


              I won't let that happen.

Their faces are close... and stay close for an intimate
beat. They could kiss, their lips near... but Bella blinks
herself back to reality and pulls away.

              Thanks for driving - for everything.

-- as she pushes open her door. WIND wafts in -- Jacob
reacts to a repugnant smell outside --


              Holy crap -- !

He abruptly pulls Bella back into the truck, SLAMS her door
shut and starts the truck.


              There's a bloodsucker out there.


              How do you know?


              I can smell the stink.   I'm getting               
              you out of here.
As Jacob whips the truck around, the HEADLIGHTS ILLUMINATE --

BELLA'S POV - THE DRIVEWAY -- a black Mercedes is parked in
front. Bella spins to the rear window as Jacob floors it --


              Stop!   It's not Victoria --


              Forget it --


              It's Carlisle's car!   They're here.               
              Go back! --






              It's a trick --

He's still flooring it -- Bella cracks her door open while
they're moving - he SLAMS on the brakes. She jumps out --


              Damn it, Bella --



Bella hurries up the road toward her house. Jacob's
suddenly standing in front of her, furious --


              Stop.   You gotta come with me.                    

              It's okay.   They're my friends --


              Don't you get it? If a Cullen is back
              here, this is their territory. The Treaty
              says we can only defend our own lands.             


              -- It's not a war --


              It is. And you'll only be safe in La
              Push. I can't protect you here anymore.            


              I don't need you to --


              -- You're about to cross a line --

              Only if you draw one.                              

She starts to move past him, but he stops her --                 


              I'm not letting you do this.                       


              You don't have a choice.   I don't                 
              belong to you.                                     

Her words are a knife to the heart. She sees that, but           
can't take them back. He hands her the keys.                     






              Bye, Bella, I hope you don't die.

She flinches at the stinging remark. He disappears into the
darkness, leaving her alone on the dark road.

She's closer to her house than her truck. She hurries
forward. The NIGHT SOUNDS start to encroach, branches
crackling, bushes rustling. She glances behind her...
nothing but darkness... she faces forward again ---

And runs directly into a VAMPIRE! Bella SCREAMS -- then
realizes IT'S ALICE. Bella is stunned. So is Alice.


              Alice!

              You're... alive.

She's clearly confused, but Bella hugs her with tears of joy.


              Oh my God, Alice.    You're here.


              I heard voices - I didn't think it was
              you but - you're alive.


              You keep saying that.


              I saw you - a vision of you - you
              jumped off a cliff. I knew I'd be too
              late but --                                        
                   
              Why the hell would you try to kill
              yourself?!


              I didn't.    I was cliff diving.


              Why?!


              Um... fun?


              That was fun for you.






              Until I hit the water.


              I have never met anyone more prone to
              life-threatening idiocy... and what is
              that hideous wet dog smell?                      


              Oh. Probably Jacob.      He's kind of a          
              werewolf.

Off Alice's horrified expression.


As Bella makes herself hot chocolate, Alice paces.


              Werewolves are not vicious.


              Until they lose their tempers.


              They saved me from Laurent, they're
              protecting me from Victoria --


                   
              Victoria? I didn't see her. I didn't             
              see you get pulled from the water                
              either.                                          


              It was Jacob who saved me. More than             
              once. I couldn't have made it without            
              him. You have no idea what it was                
              like.


                   
              Yes. I do. I knew leaving wouldn't               
              be good for you. I tried to tell
              Edward, but he wouldn't listen.


                   
              ... Does he know you're here?


              No.   He's been... away...







A dump, empty but for a table and chair. On the table lie        
THE PHOTOS that once lined Bella's walls. Edward stands in       
the center of the room, stock still, staring out at the          
rising sun. His face is as empty and desolate as Bella's         
was after he left.

A CELL PHONE on the table RINGS jarringly. He doesn't move.      
It continues. Finally, he whips the receiver to his ear,
exasperated.


                 What?


                 Wow, Edward finally answered the
                 phone. I feel so honored...                     





Rosalie, on the phone, stands at the picture window --

ROSALIE'S POV - EXT. ALASKAN HOUSE - Emmett, Jasper,
Carlisle and Esme walk away from the house, over the snow to     
the treeline, on their way to hunt. None wear coats.             


                 I'm hanging up now...

Rosalie turns away from the window.


                 Wait!... You should come home.                  
                      
                 Esme's a wreck, Carlisle never smiles.          
                 Even Emmett's depressed. You've
                 really done a number on them.


                                                         
                 I'm sorry. I am. But they wouldn't              
                 be happier with me around. Trust me.            


                 I... I just miss... us.   The family.           


                 I know. But the further away I am,              
                 the safer Bella will be. She deserves           
                 a shot at a normal life --                      






              But see, you don't have to worry about               
              that, not anymore --

She stops realizing she may be making a mistake.     But Edward    
caught it, sits up.


              Why, Rose?   Did something happen?


              I - uh --


              Tell me, Rosalie.
                   
              Tell me! --


                   
              -- Alice had a vision. She saw Bella -               
              - throw herself off a cliff... She's
              dead, Edward.

Edward reels, uncomprehending.                                     


              I... don't believe it.                               


              Alice is there now. Thought she could                
              help with the funeral or something.                  

STAY ON ROSALIE as --                                              


              Come home, Edward. It's time...                      
              Edward...?                                           
She's been disconnected.   Off Rosalie, worried...                 



Bella walks Charlie to his cruiser. He wears a dark, ill-
fitting funeral suit. At the car, Bella adjusts his tie --


              Thanks for understanding, Bells. They                
              wanted to keep the service small.


              Don't worry about me.    Are you gonna               
              be okay?






              Yeah... but Sue, and those kids --
              Leah's only a year older than you.
              And Seth's, what, fourteen...

Emotion threatens. She hugs him. He holds on a little too
tightly for a beat. Then he bucks up, climbs into his car.


              There'll be a reception after. I
              might stay late, see if I can help.

Bella nods, then waves as he drives away. She turns to head
back inside but finds Alice suddenly at her side. She jumps.


              You're not going?


              I'm not the most popular person on the
              werewolf rez right now.


                                                        
              Because you're friends with me.                     

Bella shrugs. Alice hears something, then looks down the          
road -- JACOB'S RABBIT appears in the distance....


              Huh. Didn't see them coming. Didn't                 
              see him pull you out of the water -                 
              maybe my visions are allergic to dogs.              


               -- Alice.


                   
              I'll go do some hunting.

ANGLE ON THE RABBIT -- as it pulls up. Jacob drives, Embry in
the passenger seat. Bella approaches, surprised to find QUIL
in the back; same short hair and hard look as the others.


              Quil... you, too?                                   


                                                      
              Yeah. Me, too.                                      

Jacob climbs out.   Embry takes the driver's seat.






              You alone?


              Yes.   Shouldn't you be at the funeral?


              Had to talk to you first.
                   
              I'll meet you there. Go on.

They're wary... but pull out.      Jacob follows Bella into --



Jacob enters behind Bella.   She turns to him...

              Look, Jake, I'm sorry I --


              This place stinks to hell.

She sees he's shut down, cold.      She shuts down, as well.


              You're welcome to leave.      In fact --


              -- How many Cullens are here and how
              long are they staying?


                                                       
              Just Alice. And she'll stay as long
              as she wants.


              Are the rest coming back?


              Not that I'm aware of.      Anything else?


              That's it.


              Better go report to Sam.

Jacob turns, starts to leave. He looks back, sees her anger
turn to hurt. He stops. Beat.






               I've done it again. I keep breaking                  
               my promise not to hurt you.                          


               It doesn't have to be this way.

He moves back to her, looks into her eyes with sadness.


               Yeah, it does.


               Am I gonna lose you this time, Jacob?

He can't answer that, but he presses his hand to her cheek.

               It was easier when we were both human,
               wasn't it?

They look at one another, Jacob's hand still on her face,           
his eyes searching hers.

Slowly, he starts to bend toward her lips. She doesn't pull         
away. She misses him too much, needs him too badly. This            
time, she'll let it happen. A kiss is a centimeter away...          

Suddenly, the shrill RING of the phone makes them both jump.        
Jacob, the closest to it, doesn't move his face, just keeps         
looking into her eyes as he reaches for the phone, answers --       


               Swan residence.                                      

She smiles.   But he instantly bristles, voice going cold.          


               He's not here. He's at a funeral...                  

Then the phone goes dead --                                         



-- Edward stares at his phone crazed, enraged, grief-               
stricken -- he HURLS it against the wall, shattering it.            



-- Jacob hangs up the phone.                                        


               Filthy bloodsucker.                                  






              Wait, who was it?                                    


                                                  
              Dr. Carlisle Cullen.                                 


              You should have let me talk to him.                  


              He didn't ask for you --                             

Suddenly, Jacob's eyes go wild, his body stiffens, starts          
trembling in the way that precedes a wolf-morph.

              Step away from me, Bella.

Bella turns to see what he's reacting to - Alice. She
stands in doorway looking empty, despairing. Bella                 
immediately hurries to her side.                                   


              Alice, what's wrong?


              ... Edward.


              What about him? What happened?


              I just saw him in a vision.   He...                  
              thinks you're dead.


                                                        
              That was him calling, not Carlisle.                  


              Bella, he's going to Italy... to the                 
              Volturi...

OFF BELLA'S FACE -- FLASHPOPS of the CIRCULAR HALL, the            
THREE VOLTURI - the DISMEMBERING of the rogue vampire --           





The door SLAMS open and Bella races in, shoving clothes into
a bag. Jacob dogs her, protesting.






                Why do you have to go?


                He won't believe Alice.    He has to see                
                that I'm alive.                                         


                     
                He left you, Bella. He didn't want
                you anymore, remember?


                But I still love him, and I'm not gonna
                let him kill himself out of guilt.
This wounds him. But she can't stop to soothe him.         She
pulls away and continues packing.


                What about your dad?


                I'm eighteen, legally free to go.
                I'll leave a note.                                      

Alice enters.


                Got the airline tickets.


                     
                You Cullens might hunt animals but
                those monsters in Italy don't.                          


                I'm well aware what the Volturi are.

                Then why are you taking Bella to them
                like a bottle of wine to a party?


                Right, she's better off here with
                Victoria stalking her. The one you
                dogs can't seem to catch?

Jacob growls, a shudder ripping through him. Bella
intercedes, stopping him from morphing by grabbing Alice.


                Let's go.







Alice flies to her car. But Jacob catches Bella's arm, not
hostile. Just pleading.


              Please, Bella. Stay here.   For                      
              Charlie... for me.

Bella sees the love in his eyes; this could be last time she
ever sees him. She hugs him, then pulls away.


              Bye, Jacob.

He watches, agonized as she races to the car, climbs in...


Bella tries to pull on her seat belt but Alice stops her --


              Maybe Jacob's right.                                 
                   (Bella tries to                                 
                    interrupt)                                     
              No. You need to realize - the Volturi                
              could easily see me as Edward's
              accomplice. And you're a human who
              knows too much and tastes too good.
              They could kill us all.

Bella's response is to yank her seat belt into its clip.           
Alice sees she won't change her mind. She shifts into gear         
and PEELS OUT. Bella looks out the window for Jacob; he's          
not there... she turns toward the woods --                         

BELLA'S POV -- THE TREELINE -- SHREDDED CLOTHING FLIES in the
air as we SEE the HIND LEGS OF A WOLF disappear into the
forest. Off Bella, fighting tears but determined as hell...        



ON EDWARD walking down a seemingly endless corridor.
Finally, he reaches a set of intricately carved double doors
which open for him. He enters --



-- Edward finds himself facing three wooden thrones, on
which sit the ancient Volturi: Aro, Marcus, Caius.                 

Aro wears an expensive, contemporary, black Italian suit,          
long black hair in a loose ponytail to his waist.




Marcus and Caius eschew modern clothing for rich silk robes,
their long hair loose around them. All three have
translucent, onion-like, white skin.


              Have you decided?


              It was an intriguing debate.     We don't
              get many suicidal vampires.


              Pathetic.


              I'm afraid your gifts are too valuable
              to destroy. But if you're unhappy
              with your lot, join us. We'd be
              delighted to utilize your skills.


              So you won't end this.


              Not without cause.

Edward registers this, his face setting. Clearly, he's           
going to give them cause. He strides out. Off Aro...             


              Such a waste.



Bella waits impatiently at the curb as --                        

A YELLOW HARD-TOP PORSCHE with darkly tinted windows
SCREECHES to a halt in front of her. The passenger door          
opens - Alice is behind the wheel, pulling off the chic,         
white, hooded coat she used for protection against the sun.      
As Bella climbs in, buckles up --                                


              Where'd you get the car?


              Hope you're not opposed to grand theft
              auto.


              Not today.

Alice FLOORS it and the Porsche PEELS OUT --







AERIAL VIEW - THE YELLOW PORSCHE screams down a highway,
cutting lanes, weaving through Peugots and Fiats --



Bella grips the dashboard as Alice narrowly misses a car.


              How much time do we have.                            


              He's waiting till noon, when the sun's               
              at its highest...                                    




It's jumpy, uneven -- EDWARD stands in shadow, his shirt
open, eyes shut. A clock GONGS as he steps into SUNLIGHT --


              ... He's going to make the Volturi                   
              change their minds.                                  




                   
              It's almost noon now.


              There's Volterra.

Alice punches it as Bella SEES --
BELLA'S POV - A MEDIEVAL FORTIFIED VILLAGE atop a distant
hill. Volterra.



The narrow, centuries-old streets are crowded with festival
revellers who all wear RED. They gaily head toward the town
square carrying red pendants, balloons, scarves. The
PORSCHE weaves through them, hurrying forward.




              Why are they all wearing red?






              San Marcos Day festival. The perfect               
              setting. Large crowds. The Volturi                 
              won't let him get far enough to reveal             
              himself - he's counting on that.                   


              We only have five minutes --

Alice screeches to a halt at a ROAD BLOCK.   Italian POLICE      
wave her back. Bella jumps out --


              Where's the square?


              Follow that lane --

-- Bella's already running --


              He'll be under the clock tower!

Alice watches her go... then senses something, looks up --


OVERCOAT leaps from building to building, tracking Bella.
As he disappears, off Alice --



Bella races down the cobble-stoned alleys, stumbling on the
uneven stones. Festival revellers head in the same
direction, she maneuvers around them.

ABOVE BELLA - SEE flashes of the FIGURE IN THE OVERCOAT --

As Bella nears the square, the alleys become more populated.
She pushes past people AD LIBBING "excuse me," "sorry."
Finally, she emerges into --



BELLA'S POV - a sea of scarlet flags, dresses and jackets.
On the other side of the crowded square - THE CLOCK TOWER;
it reads one minute before noon.

Bella battles her way through the square; the crowd shoves
back, shouting at her in Italian --


              Fare attenzione!





Bella charges forward to find herself blocked by --

A FOUNTAIN - Suddenly, GONG!    The clock tower bells chime.
It's noon!

Bella jumps into the fountain, wades through the shallow
water to the other side -- she jumps out and barrels through
the crowd. Finally, she SEES --



Edward, in the shadows, just inches from the sunlight.


              Edward! --
-- GONG! Bella's cry is drowned out by the BOOMING CHIME.
She pushes toward him, fighting to reach him as --

CLOSE ON EDWARD  - as he unbuttons his
shirt, exposing his bare chest --

ON BELLA  - calling his name --

ON EDWARD'S FACE - he closes his eyes, welcoming death --
then slowly --

Edward takes a step into the sunlight, the rays hitting his        
shoe, but before the sun touches his skin --                       

BELLA SLAMS into him - it's like running into a brick wall --      


              No, Edward!    Don't!

Edward opens his eyes and looks at Bella as the clock booms
its final CHIME. He's amazed, already dead in his mind.            

              Carlisle was right... heaven...                      


              No, I'm here. I'm alive.                             


                                                         
              You're... not real.


              Look at me!    Alice was wrong.                      

He begins to realize... she is real.






              Bella?


              Please, step back.   I'm alive, I'm --

He suddenly kisses her, stepping back into the shade with
her. They soak each other in like starved people suddenly
nourished. He pulls away to look at her...


              You're here.


              I'm here.
They share a long look, he's about to kiss her again... when
suddenly, he stiffens -- and abruptly PUSHES Bella behind
him, taking a protective stance in front of her --

They face the DARK ALLEY that runs under the clock tower.
Out of the alley's shadows emerge --

TWO FIGURES IN HOODED OVERCOATS. Both stunningly handsome
males in their 20's: FELIX, huge, strong; and DEMETRI,             
slender, elegant. Both have unsettling burgundy red EYES.


              I won't be needing your services after
              all, gentlemen.


              Aro wants to speak with you again.


              No rules were broken.                                

Demetri's smile suggests he doesn't agree. He's the more
gracious of the two. But no less dangerous.


              We should take this conversation to a
              more appropriate venue.


              Fine. Bella, why don't you stay and                  
              enjoy the festival?                                  


              The girl comes with us.


              That's not going to happen --                        





ALICE suddenly appears, lightly tripping through the alley       
toward them, pulling back the hood of her white swing coat.


              Come on, guys, it's a festival.                    

She reaches Edward and Bella, positioning herself in a
protective stance, as well.                                      


              We wouldn't want to make a scene.                  


              There won't be any scene.    And we'll             
              still win.                                         

              But not easily --


              Enough.

A very tiny, young woman appears, JANE. She also wears a
dark overcoat, her Botticelli angel-like face peering out
from under the hood. SEE her CRIMSON IRISES.

Felix and Demetri are back off immediately. Edward and           
Alice step back, as well. Bella can see they're afraid of        
this small girl.


                      
              Jane.


                   
              Who is she?

                   
              Just do as she says.

Jane tosses Edward an overcoat.    He dons it.


              Follow me.

Jane simply turns and heads up the alley, confident they'll
follow. Felix, smirking, gestures for them to go ahead of
him. Edward takes Bella's hand...







Jane leads Edward, Bella and Alice through several narrow,
dark alleys. Felix and Demetri bring up the rear. Edward
never loosens his grip on Bella's hand.

Their path dead ends at a WALL OF BRICK. Jane just strides
forward and, without breaking pace - drops down into an OPEN
HOLE in the street; it's a drain. Alice follows Jane.
Bella looks down, sees nothing but BLACKNESS.


              It's alright. Alice will catch you.

Edward takes her wrists, dangles her over the hole --


-- ON BELLA as she drops through the darkness, to be caught
by Alice. Edward lands beside them, then Felix and Demetri.

Edward pulls Bella close as they follow Jane through the
sewer. He meets Bella's eyes, trying to look reassuring,
but he's tense as hell. Finally, they reach --

A FOLDING IRON ELEVATOR DOOR. Jane easily pulls it aside.
They all enter. As the door CLANGS shut on them --



CLOSE ON MODERN ELEVATOR DOORS OPENING. They all exit into --      



An elegantly decorated space with old world charm. They're         
greeted politely by GIANNA an attractive  receptionist.     


              Buon pomeriggio.

They head through the lobby to --

THE LONG CORRIDOR that Edward traversed earlier.   Finally,
they reach the carved double doors which open --                   



Bella, Edward and Alice enter to face the three ancients:
Aro, Marcus, Caius.

Eight VOLTURI GUARDS  line the
walls in a variety of modern dark overcoats.





BELLA'S POV - THE FLOOR - there's a depression in the center
that leads to a drain. Bella shivers.

Aro rises, greets them like old friends, taking Edward's
hand and shaking it --


              What a happy surprise! Bella is alive
              after all. Isn't that wonderful?

Caius responds with a sour expression. Marcus could care           
less. Aro doesn't release Edward's hand, looks at him as --        


              Her blood appeals to you so much it
              makes me thirsty. How can you stand
              to be so close to her?


              It's not without effort.


                   
              I can see that.

Off Bella's look, Edward explains --                               


              One touch and Aro can see every                      
              thought I've ever had in my life.


              You're quite the telepath yourself,
              Edward. Though... you can't read
              Bella's thoughts. Fascinating.

He releases Edward's hand and turns to Bella.

              I would love to see if you are an                    
              exception to my gifts, as well.                      

He reaches for Bella's hand. She hesitates, does she have a        
choice? Aro laughs at her reluctance, further extends his          
hand. Bella finally takes it.                                      

A beat as he holds her hand... confusion sweeping over him.        


              Interesting.

He releases her, moves back to his chair, deep in thought.






              I wonder if --                                         


                                             
              No!                                                    


              Let's see if she's immune to all our                   
              powers, shall we Jane?                                 

Jane turns toward Bella but Edward springs in front of her --        

Jane instead focuses her gaze on Edward which FLINGS him             
across the room where he collapses, writhing in agony. Jane          
concentrates on him with a small smile, enjoying his pain.           

              Stop!

Bella and Alice rush to his side.    As soon as Jane looks
away, Edward's pain ceases.


              Jane, dear.    The girl?                               

Jane's gaze now turns toward Bella who cringes, awaiting the         
pain... but nothing happens. Jane's grin is replaced by              
anger. Aro laughs like a child with a new toy.                       

Jane, infuriated, moves toward Bella, but Aro stops her with         
a tiny gesture.                                                      


              Remarkable! She confounds us all.      So
              what do we do with you now?


                                                    
              You already know what you'll do, Aro.                  


              She knows too much; she's a liability.                 


              That's true. Unless Edward intends to
              give her immortality...
                   
              But that's not your intention, is it.
              Shame.

He nods to Felix who moves toward Bella, but he only takes a         
step before Edward tackles him.                                      






              Edward, don't!                                      

Alice leaps to help but several Volturi guard hold her back,      
which is no easy job. As she struggles mightily --                

Edward is David to Felix's Goliath.    Edward will lose, but      
he'll go down fighting.                                           

-- Edward is fast, anticipating Felix's moves before he           
makes them, but Felix is stronger --                              

-- Felix grabs Edward, throws him into the ceiling, SMASHING      
against the marble; he drops like a stone. Is then                
immediately KICKED across the room.                               

                                                          
              Stop this! Please!                                  

But Aro ignores her, leans forward to study Edward.    Jane is    
itching to step in. Aro gestures her back.                        

-- Felix takes some hits, but then lifts Edward overhead,         
CRACKING him like a nut, then flinging him against a wall --      

Bella runs toward Aro but a Volturi Guard flings her away;        
she flies HARD against the wall.                                  

The guard is then occupied by the thrashing Alice --              

Bella, bruised, but not broken, makes another attempt to get      
to Aro -- finally reaches him, kneels in front of him --          


              Do it!    Kill me! Just leave them
              alone!
-- as she yanks her collar back, exposing her neck to him.
Aro is surprised and intrigued. A beat.


              Enough.                                             

Felix immediately releases Edward who manages to look up.         
He sees Bella kneeling in front of Aro.                           


              Get away from her -- !

Edward moves toward Aro but is quickly immediately pinned by      
Jane's invisible powers; he writhes in agony. Alice can no        
longer bear Edward's suffering --                                 






              Edward, stop. I've already seen it.                 


                                           
              Alice, stay out of it.                              


              I know what to do.                                  

Aro, intrigued, gestures for Jane to stop; Edward goes limp.      


              Ah yes, the clairvoyant. I saw your
              gift in Edward's thoughts. What is it               
              you've seen?                                        

              ... don't...                                        


              I'm the one who will change Bella.                  

Bella is taken aback by this.   Aro is surprised, as well.        


                                             
              Please. Be my guest.                                


              Not here. Her father is in law                      
              enforcement. If she goes missing,                   
              there will be questions.                            


              He is easily dealt with.                            


              It will happen, Aro.   See for                      
              yourself.

She thrusts out her hand. Aro nods to the Guards who              
release her. She gives him her hand. He closes his eyes --        





Edward hunts a deer. Matching his pace is another vampire -
Bella! She's pale and beautiful - she and Edward smile at
each other as they take a last grand leap for the kill --









BACK ON ARO, utterly delighted.   He releases Alice's hand.


              Mesmerizing! To see the things you've
              seen, that haven't happened yet!                      

Alice moves to Edward's side, helps him up.                         


              I'm so sorry.                                         


                   
              Your gifts will make for an intriguing
              immortal. Go make your preparations.                  

Bella hurries to Edward's side, too.    Caius is put out.           


              You're letting them leave?                            


              Dear Caius, the girl's disappearance                  
              will be conspicuous at best. And                      
              surely you see her potential.                         


                                                   
              Let us be done with this.    Heidi will               
              arrive any moment.                                    

Aro gestures - Demetri throws open the carved double doors.         
Caius glares at them threateningly.                                 


              We will make sure she follows through.                
              I would not delay. We do not offer                    
              second chances.                                       

Edward, recovered now, takes Bella by the arm and, with             
Alice, they cautiously back toward the door --



-- Demetri leads Bella, Edward and Alice out of the hall.
As they make their way up the corridor, they see coming
toward them --

A GROUP OF TWO DOZEN TOURISTS, led by a beautiful vampire,
HEIDI. Edward, Alice and Bella stop to let them all pass.
As Heidi passes Demetri, he gives her a flirtatious smile --






                                                             
                Nice fishing, Heidi, save some for me.              

Heidi smiles.   She gives Bella a curious once-over, then
continues on.


                     
                This way, please. Stay together...

A HUSBAND and WIFE, 60's, cameras around their necks, pass
Bella. The Husband winks at Bella --


                Unusual tour, isn't it?

                Bill, get a picture of that bust there.

As the Tourists file past, we HEAR a variety of languages,
German, Japanese, English.

The group is moved toward the carved double doors which
swing open for them. They file into the marble hall --

Edward pulls Bella forward, but she cranes her neck back as
the last of the tourists disappear inside.

As the large doors close... we begin to HEAR SCREAMING --

Edward and Alice rush Bella out - PUSH IN ON BELLA'S                
TORMENTED FACE as the SCREAMING gets louder... and louder --




ON BELLA'S SLEEPING FACE as the SCREAMING CRESCENDOS --
Bella sits bolt upright, yelling --


                -- Stop!                                            

She catches her breath, disoriented, confused. Then she             
turns to find Edward lying beside her, looking at her.              


                It... wasn't a dream.                               


                Go back to sleep. You've been through               
                a lot.






              No, you might --                                   


              I'll be here when you wake up.                     

Beat, she looks at him, wary.                                    


              Why?   Out of guilt?                               


                                                      
              You... think I asked the Volturi to                
              kill me because I felt guilty?                     

              Didn't you?                                        


              I went to them because I thought I'd               
              lost you.                                          


              You didn't even want me.                           

Now Edward takes her by the shoulders.                           


              Bella. The only reason I left was to               
              protect you. I wanted you to have a                
              chance at a normal, happy life.                    


              But it was so easy for you to leave.               


              I had to be convincing. But easy?     In           
              my hundred years, I've never had a                 
              harder time than what I just went                  
              through.                                           

She's beginning to believe him.                                  


              I kept seeing you. Visions of you.                 
              Always protecting me. I thought I was              
              going crazy.                                       


              Your own instincts were speaking to                
              you. I wish it had been me. But                    
              you're the heroic one. You saved me.               





He moves to kiss her... but abruptly stops.   Suddenly --           

HER DOOR swings open - she spins toward it as the LIGHTS            
flip on and Charlie enters. Edward is gone.                         


              You alright? Another nightmare?                       


              I'm okay.    You don't have to worry.                 


              Last time you said that, you                          
              disappeared. You want to talk                         
              nightmares?                                           

                                                           
              I'm really sorry, Dad.                                


              Just... don't ever do that to me                      
              again. Okay?                                          
                                                       
              And you're grounded for the rest of                   
              your life.                                            


              I know.                                               


              Get some rest so I can keep lecturing                 
              you in the morning.                                   

He kisses her forehead. Exits.     A beat... she turns to find      
Edward sitting on the bed.                                          


              He won't forgive me easily.                           


              Nope.                                                 


              Will you? I don't deserve it but... I                 
              hope you will. Because I honestly                     
              have no idea how to live without you.                 

Bella melts in his eyes.   He kisses her.


              You won't be able to get rid of me                    
              once Alice changes me.                                






              She won't have to. There are ways to                
              keep the Volturi in the dark.                       


                   
              They'll come after your whole family.
              You'd risk that just to keep me human?


              Just? You really don't understand
              what you'd be giving up.


              I really do.
They look at each other; an impasse.    She decides something,    
grabs her jeans, pulls them on--


              You're not the only one with a say in it.           






              You all know what Edward wants. And
              you know what I want. But I won't
              force myself on you...

INCLUDE THE ENTIRE CULLEN FAMILY who surround Bella. The          
house has been restored to it's original warmth and beauty.       
Edward sits off to the side as Bella addresses them.              


              I think the only fair way to handle                 
              this is by vote --

              You can't be serious --                             


                   
              This is my meeting, Edward.

Edward, frustrated, sits back.    She faces the family again.


              However this turns out, I'm not                     
              letting the Volturi hurt you. I'll go               
              back to Italy alone --                              






                The hell you will.   I'm not missing
                another fight.


                That's not up for a vote, Emmett.    I
                don't want you involved.


                We've always been involved, honey, and
                we're not going to stop --


                No, please -- I want you to seriously
                think about this. If I join you,
                you'll be stuck with me for a long
                time - forever. It's a huge decision.
                And I want - I need your honesty here.

They nod or otherwise communicate agreement.


                Then let's take a vote... Alice?

Alice jumps up and hugs Bella.


                Like you're not already my sister.     Of
                course, yes!

Bella smiles.   Jasper rises, but keeps his distance.


                I vote yes. It'll be a relief not to
                want to kill you.


                Um.   Thanks? Okay, Rosalie?
Rosalie, torn, looks at Edward who's stony toward her.


                Edward, I'm sorry for what I did. I
                really am. And I know you're not
                ready to forgive me...
                     
                But this isn't the life I'd have
                chosen for myself. I wish there'd
                been someone to vote no for me...
                     (she exchanges a glance
                      with Carlisle - then...)
                So... no.





Bella takes it stoically.    Emmett bounds over and lifts           
Bella into a bear hug.


              I vote hell yeah. We can pick a fight
              with these Volturi some other way.

Esme approaches and embraces Bella warmly.


              I already think of you as part of the
              family. Yes.


              Thank you, Esme.
Carlisle moves, not to Bella, but to --


              Edward --


              You can't go along with this,
              Carlisle, you know what it means.


              You've chosen not to live without her,
              which leaves me no choice. I won't
              lose my son.
                   
              But Alice has never turned anyone.
              It'd be safer if I did it --

The front door suddenly SLAMS. Edward's gone.     Bella
blanches but turns to the family.                                   


              Thank you.    Thank you all.


POV FROM AFAR ON A HILLTOP -- REVEAL IT'S VICTORIA watching         
the house down below. Off her seething fury --                      





A FERRARI has pulled over to the side of the road. VICTORIA
PEERS IN THE WINDOW. The DRIVER, a middle-aged man smiles --        


              Where you headed?






              Seattle.                                             


                                                      
              Sounds perfect.                                      

As she climbs in...                                                



Edward drives Bella home.    He is somber.   She is resigned.      


              When?

              After graduation.                                    


              Just two months.                                     


              It'll be best for Dad that way. I can                
              pretend to be at college somewhere.                  
              Carlisle suggested it. But...                        
                                                 
              I wish you'd be the one to change me.                


                   
              Would you be willing to trade for that?


                                                          
              Name it.


              Five more years as a human.


              The Volturi won't wait that long.


              I'll settle for three.                               


                   
              I won't risk it. It'll have to be
              Carlisle.

He takes her hand.






              Why are you so willing to give up your
              soul?


              Because I don't believe you've lost
              yours. And I want to share mine with
              you forever.

He looks to her, kisses her hand... then suddenly Edward           
SLAMS on the brakes --



-- Someone stands in the road directly in front of them --
it's JACOB. He glares, then turns and walks into the woods.

              What is he doing?


              He wants to talk to me.


              Well, he can talk to me first.

She pushes out of the car --



Edward and Bella tramp through the woods to FIND -- Jacob
leaning against a tree. His expression is hard.


              You're still alive.                                  


              I've been calling you.                               

              Couldn't drop by?                                    


              He thinks I'm keeping you away.


                   
              Stay the hell out of my head!


              Dad grounded me, Jake. We're trying                  
              to get back before he wakes up.                      





Jacob doesn't buy it. Bella is frustrated. But Edward
takes a step toward Jacob. Calm. Diplomatic.


              Jacob, I know you have something to
              say to me, but I'd like to say
              something first. Alright?

Jacob leans back against the tree, arms folded, waiting.


                   
              Thank you. For keeping Bella alive
              when I... didn't.


              No, you didn't. And it wasn't for
              your benefit, trust me.


              I know. I'm still grateful.
                   
              But I'm back now. And I'm not leaving
              Bella's side till she orders me away.

She looks at him. He returns the look. Jacob sees the              
devotion between them. It wounds him. But he masks it.


              We'll see.


              Either way, we'll handle Victoria from
              here on out.


              She's been laying low. Ever since
              your freaky sister showed up. Guess
              she can't stand you Cullens either.


              She'll come back.


              She does, she's ours.   She killed on
              our turf.


              We'll see.


              My turn to talk. I'm here to remind
              you about a key point in the Treaty.






                   
              I haven't forgotten.


              Good.


              What?   What key point?


              If any of them bites a human, the
              truce is over. That's bite, not kill.


                   
              But... if I choose it, it's none of
              your business.

Jacob is horrified, starting to shake with rage.


              If you... what!? No.      No way.   I
              won't let you --


              -- Bella, step back --


              You're not gonna be one of them.


              That's not your call --


                   
              You know what we'll do to you - I
              won't have a choice --

              We're done here --

Edward takes Bella's arm, starts to pull her away.    Jacob
lunges, trying to extract Bella from him --


              You don't speak for her!

Edward PUSHES Jacob away; he flies back ten feet in the air,
but mid-air he PHASES INTO A WOLF!





-- The Jacob-wolf lands on all fours, spinning to face
Edward in an attack stance. Edward shifts stance, as well,
readying for a fight --


              Stop!

Edward and Jacob circle one another, seconds from lunging --


                   
              Get out of here. Now!

But Bella races between them, forceful, insistent.


                   
              You do this, you'll be going through me.

A long tense beat, none of them backing down - it could go
either way --


              I swear to God, I'm not moving.

Both rivals see she's dead serious. Edward backs off, ever-
so-slightly... the Jacob-wolf does the same.                     


                   
              Give me a second. Please.

Edward shakes his head.   Doesn't move an inch.


              Read his thoughts.   Is he going to                
              hurt me?
Edward does, and finally, reluctantly backs away. But his        
eyes never leave the wolf's. They glare at one another.

Bella carefully approaches the Jacob-wolf, blocking his line
of sight. Her voice is kind, pleading.


              Jacob, I love you. You're my best
              friend. But... I can't change how I
              feel. Please don't make me choose.
                   
              Because it'll be him. It's always
              been him.





Anguish sweeps through the wolf's fierce face.    It's even
harder to take than when he's in human form --


              But you know how important you are to --

Suddenly, the wolf BOLTS out of there...

ON BELLA - fighting tears as she watches him disappear...


              There were problems ahead.     Seemingly             
              insurmountable...                                    

Edward's arms wrap around her from behind.                         

              ... If I didn't become a vampire, the
              Volturi would kill me. If I did, my
              best friend would do the job himself,
              or get killed in the attempt.

She turns to face Edward, looking into his loving eyes...


              Victoria was still on the loose,
              putting everyone I loved in danger...

He kisses her tenderly, washing away her concerns.


              But I'd already survived the worst --
              losing Edward. So I knew I could
              survive anything...


              I'm here.   Always.
And she sees that's the truth, believes it. He takes her
hand and together they turn, heading out of the woods...


              And soon, I'd be like him. We'd face
              our fate together. Forever.

Off them, hand in hand, inseparable... as we begin to --



... HEAR the agonized HOWL of a wolf in the far distance...        




