Beavis and Butt-Head Do America - by Mike Judge and Joe Stillman



if 
top.location.href=location.href



















	by

	Mike Judge and Joe Stillman




		The movie begins with scenes of people screaming in horror 
	and running down the streets of a big city. The ground shakes from 
	what seems like giant footsteps. There are pieces of building 
	debris falling everywhere, people getting crushed, power lines 
	coming down, etc. - complete pandemonium. It all looks very much 
	like a Japanese animated King-Kong or Godzilla movie. We hear the 
	footsteps getting closer and the ground shaking becomes more 
	intense - more debris falling. Then we see a HUGE BLACK TENNIS 
	SHOE come into frame and smash a National Guard truck. As we pan 
	up, we see the white socks, then the red shorts, the AC/DC T-
	shirt, then we hear the familiar, "Huh huh huh." - only it's a 
	huge sound...this is a THREE-HUNDRED FOOT TALL BUTT-HEAD. "Butt-
	Kong" continues his path of destruction - stomping on cars and 
	buildings and saying, "This is cool. Huh huh huh."
		Airplanes and tanks start firing at Butt-Head . 
	He looks irritated and says, "Cut it out butt-munch!" Butt-Head 
	swats at the planes, sending them crashing to the ground and 
	stomps on the tanks. Then, something catches his eye. Butt-Head 
	reaches into a skyscraper and picks up a nice looking woman - a 
	lot like the one from the King Kong movie. He looks down at her in 
	his hand and goes wide-eyed, "Whoa! Huh huh huh." The woman 
	screams in terror as Butt-Head looks down at her and tries a few 
	lame pick up lines. "Uuuuh...Hey baby. I'm like, pretty tall. Huh 
	huh huh." He swats down a helicopter that is circling his head, 
	"Dammit, I'm trying to score!" The helicopter goes down in flames. 
	We CUT TO some guys sitting on a tank firing at him. They notice 
	giant footsteps coming from the other direction and turn the tank 
	around. Through their binoculars we see a THREE-HUNDRED FOOT 
	BEAVIS coming from the horizon. The giant Beavis is even more 
	destructive than Butt-Kong . 
	Beavis starts trying to pick up on Butt-Head's woman. Butt-Head 
	puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling 
	the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
		We CROSS-DISSOLVE from three-hundred foot Beavis shaking 
	Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking 
	him.






			Butt-Head! Butt-Head! Hey, Butt-Head!

	Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch. Beavis shakes him.


			Butt-Head, wake up, wake up!

	Butt-Head comes around.


			Dammit, Beavis, I was about to score.
			Huh huh.


			Yeah, but check it out. It's gone!


			What's gone?


			The TV.

	Beavis is making STRANGE NOISES, in a state of shock.

	Butt-Head rubs his eyes and looks at the empty space where the TV 
	was.


			Uuuuuuh, huh huh. Uuh,...

	Out the window, we see two YOUNG MEN carrying B&amp;B's TV into their 
	van.

	Still on the couch, Butt-Head looks over at the broken window. We 
	see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.

	Butt-Head looks at the BROKEN WINDOW, at the CROWBAR, the OPEN 
	DOOR, then back at the EMPTY SPACE where the TV was. He does this 
	a couple of times - piecing it all together.


			Whoa! I think I just figured something
			out Beavis.


			What?


			This sucks.


			Yeah, heh heh.

	Beavis is still in shock. They both stare at the empty space where 
	the TV was for a beat, not quite sure what to do.

	Beavis is SHAKING AND MAKING WEIRD NOISES. He presses buttons on 
	the remote a few times, as if it might help somehow.


			This sucks more than anything that
			has ever sucked before. We must find
			this butt-hole that took the TV.




	Bad neighborhood. 70's music blares.

	A fast driving car drives right at us and stops. Punks run in 
	fear. Beavis hops out of the driver's seat, wearing bell-bottoms, 
	chain jewelry and a 70's afro. Into a dramatic CLOSE-UP, he takes 
	off his glasses.




			Beavis!

	FRAME UNFREEZES. Beavis whips out a huge gun.


			Freeze, butt-wipe!

	An attacker comes from one side. Beavis uses Judo. Another tosses 
	a knife. Beavis ducks, then shoots with two hands, police style.




	Swinger's pad. Totally 70's. A group of bikini'd girls on a 
	waterbed. Butt-Head approaches them. He wears a leisure suit, 
	collar way open. He plops down in the bed.




			Butt-Head!

	FRAME UNFREEZES. The girls wrap their arms around him.


			Huh huh huh. Come to Butt-Head, baby.


			Star in...







	ACTION MONTAGE BEGINS. Styled like a 70's cop show opening.

	OPENING CREDITS to the movie appear just as cop show credits 
	would.

	Beavis does a Starsky and Hutch-style roll with a gun.

	Butt-Head slaps a pimp.

	Beavis drives, chasing a car.

	Butt-Head is slapped by a girl.


			Huh huh huh. That was cool.

	Beavis and Butt-Head are in a warehouse shoot-out.

	A black police chief rises from a desk to yell at B&amp;B.

	B&amp;B dive for cover just before a building explodes.

	In CLOSE-UP, Beavis smiles for an ID shot.

	Butt-Head does the same.

	Beavis, in a rooftop fight, kicks his opponent over the edge.

	A beautiful woman, back to us, takes off her dress for Butt-Head. 
	FINAL OPENING CREDIT APPEARS. Butt-Head and the woman fall into 
	bed. Suddenly...




	From inside, SOUND of equipment crashing.

	B&amp;B come out wheeling a TV on one of those carts. There are cables 
	attached to it still leading back into the A.V. room. As they push 
	the cart we hear more equipment falling.


			Dammit, it's stuck.

	They give it one big push and it finally breaks free. We see that 
	the cables are tangled with cables from other TVs and VCRs, which 
	all come crashing to the ground.


			Huh huh huh. That was cool.


			Yeah, heh heh. Let's just wheel this
			thing back to the house.




	MR. VAN DRIESSEN stops B&amp;B.


			Ah, excuse me boys. What's going on
			here?


			Uh, someone stole our TV.


			Yeah. We're just gonna use this one.
			Get outta the way. Heh heh.


			I'm afraid that TV belongs to the school.
			Mmmkay? You know, this could be a positive
			experience for you guys. There's a
			wonderful world out there when we discover
			we don't need TV to entertain us.


			Huh huh huh. He said "anus."


					
			Entert-ain...us...an-us...Oh yeah! Heh 
			heh. Anus. Heh heh.


					
			Have you guys heard a word I've said?


			Yeah, "anus." Huh huh huh huh.


			Look, guys, just take the TV back to the
			A.V. room right now. And try to be a little
			more open-minded. Mmkay?

	Van Driessen leaves. B&amp;B continue to wheel the cart home.


			What a dork. Huh huh.


			Yeah, heh heh. He's a anus. Heh heh.




	B&amp;B arrive with the cart at the top of a stairway. They lamely 
	attempt to let it slowly down the steps. The cart is too top-heavy 
	and goes tumbling to the bottom of the stairs, shattering the TV.


			Huh huh huh. That was cool.


			No it wasn't!


			Uh,...Oh yeah.

	B&amp;B stand at the top of the stairs looking down at the wrreckage. 
	PRINCIPAL McVICKER shows up by the TV.

					McVICKER
			Why.... You... You bastards... Ge...
			get out! You're suspended. One more
			screw up... and you're expelled.

	B&amp;B walk off laughing.




	B&amp;B walk up. There's a camper in the driveway.


			Whoa, check it out Beavis. I didn't
			know Anderson had a Camper.


			Yeah, heh heh. Maybe it has a TV.
			Heh heh. TV.

	B&amp;B walk up to the camper and start to open the door just as MARCY 
	ANDERSON opens it. 


			Oh, hello. Are you guys here to look
			at the refrigerator?


			Uh, no.


			We're here to look at the TV. Heh heh.


			Oh, I didn't realize it was broken.
			Come on in.


			Cool. Huh huh huh.

	B&amp;B walk into the camper. Marcy stays outside.




	Tom is adjusting the trailer-hitch. Marcy watches.


			Well that oughtta hold her. Ya know,
			the most important thing you can have
			on a camper is a good propane regulator,
			and this here's the best one they make.


			I sure hope we can get the 'fridge fixed
			before we leave.


			Now Marcy, we've been savin' for this trip
			our whole lives and we're gonna go come
			Hell or high water...

	Through the camper walls, we hear the faint sound of B&amp;B 



			What the hell is that noise?




	B&amp;B watch a "Cops"-type show. Beavis gets up, goes to the 
	refrigerator and grabs a soda. The refrigerator is under the 
	counter on which the TV is sitting.

	Beavis takes a sip and then does a SPIT TAKE, SPRAYING SODA ALL 



			AAAAAAGH!!! This crap is warm!

	ANGLE ON TV: The soda Beavis spit out drips into the inside of the 
	TV. We see smoke and hear SIZZLING AND SHORT CIRCUIT SFX. The TV 
	goes dead.


			Beavis, you butt-hole! You broke it.




	B&amp;B come out. Tom notices them.		


			Hey, what's goin' on here?


			They're here to fix the TV, Tom.


			The TV ain't broken.


			Yeah it is. Huh huh huh.

	Tom adjusts his glasses as he looks at B&amp;B.

	TOM'S BLURRY P.O.V.: We see B&amp;B out of focus.


			Hey wait a minute. You two look kinda
			familiar. Ain't you them kids that've
			been whackin' off in my tool shed?


			Huh huh huh huh huh.

	ANGLE ON BEAVIS: looking particularly guilty, eyes shifting back 
	and forth.

	B&amp;B walk off, leaving Tom wondering.




	B&amp;B are having TV withdrawal. Butt-Head is bug-eyed. Beavis has 
	the shakes bad, arms folded like Dustin Hoffman in "Midnight 
	Cowboy."


			Nnnnooo. Oooooh nooooo.


			What's your problem Beavis?


			I need TV now! Now! NNNNDAMMIT!!!

	Butt-Head stops short. He looks up. His face is bathed in a 
	golden, throbbing light.

	BUTT-HEAD'S P.O.V.: We see a flashing neon sign that says, "TV". 
	Pull back to show B&amp;B are standing outside the Elite Motel Lodge, 
	featuring "Color TV" and "Air-Cooled Rooms", with "Special Nap 
	Rates."

	B&amp;B stare up, as if at a god.


					
			Heh heh. TV. Heh Teee Veee.




	Butt-Head tries the first door. It's locked. He tries the second 
	door. It's locked. He tries the third door. It opens.

	B&amp;B's eyes bulge. Inside, PRINCIPAL McVICKER is lying across the 
	legs of an obvious prostitute, his pants pulled down. She SPANKS 
	him.

					McVICKER
			Please mmm... may I have another?!

	B&amp;B LAUGH. McVicker hears and looks up.

					McVICKER 
			Beavis and Butt-Head! Y...y...you
			bastards.


			Can we watch your TV?

					McVICKER
			Y... Y... You're expelled! Get out!

	Butt-Head closes the door, laughing, and starts to walk towards 
	the next door. The muffled sound of a SPANK can be heard followed 
	by McVicker asking for another.


			Huh huh huh. That was cool.


			Dammit! I need a TV now! We're missing
			everything!




	The only light in the room is a flickering TV. Sitting on the bed, 
	talking on the phone is MUDDY. He's a tough, mean looking red-neck 
	- a Jack Ruby type.

	On the nightstand next to him is a three-quarter drunk bottle of 
	bourbon and a manila envelope. On his lap is a big gun.


			...Are you sure these guys can pull this
			off? It's gotta look like an accident...

	We hear a knock on the door and muffled B&amp;B laughs.


			Hold on a minute. That must be them now.
			I'll call you back. ...
			Come in!

	B&amp;B walk in. Muddy turns on the light.


					
			Aaaah. TeeeVeeeee, heh heh.


			Yer late.


			Why? Did we miss American Gladiators?

	MUDDY'S P.O.V.: B&amp;B are a drunken blur.


			Well, Earl said you guys were young, but
			jeez... Oh well, as long as you can get
			the job done. So what are your names?


			Uh, Butt-Head.


			Beavis.


			That's alright. I'd rather not know your
			real names anyways. I'm Muddy. Look, I'm
			gonna get right to the point. I'll pay you
			ten grand plus expenses, all payable after
			you do her...


					
			Do her? Huh huh.


			That's right. I'm offering you ten grand
			plus expenses to do my wife. We gotta deal?

	Butt-Head stares in shock.


			Actually, we just wanna watch TV...


			Shut up Beavis! Uh, yeah. We'll do your
			wife.


					
			Nnnnaah...We need to watch TV DAMMIT!!!

	Butt-Head SMACKS Beavis and pulls him aside.


			Beavis, you butt-munch, this guy wants us
			to score with his wife. And he's gonna pay
			us. We can buy a new TV.


			Oh, heh heh really? Cool. Heh heh.


					
			Uh, huh huh... We'll do it, sir.


			Okay, then let's get down to business.

	ANGLE ON THE BED. Muddy slaps down a picture of DALLAS, his wife. 
	Leather clad, biker, beautiful.


			Here she is. Her name's Dallas. She ain't
			as sweet as she looks. She stole everything
			from me. Ya gotta watch out, 'cause she'll
			do you twice as fast as you'd do her.


			Whoa, huh huh. Cool.

	Muddy plunks down PLANE TICKETS.


			She's holed up in a hotel room in Las
			Veags. Your flight leaves in a couple of
			hours. Now c'mon, I'll drive you to the
			airport.


			Holed up. Huh huh huh. Holed.


			Can we watch some TV first?

	Muddy picks up the gun and SHOOTS the TV.


			No.




	Muddy driving his loud four-by-four like a maniac, drunk with 
	bloodshot eyes. B&amp;B are in the back seat. He eyes them through the 
	rearview. Meanwhile, a cat bounces off the windshield with a 



			One more thing. Mah wife's got this
			leather satchel. It's black, about this
			big. I need ya to bring it back. It's
			real important. Sentimental value... Any
			questions so far?


			Uh, yeah. Does she have big hooters?


			She sure does.


			This is gonna be cool! Huh huh huh.


			Yeah, heh heh. Boooooiiiing!!!


			Just make sure it looks like an 
			accident...


					
			Yeah, heh heh. I think I just had an
			accident. Heh heh hmm heh hmm heh.


			Huh huh. You guys are funny. Let's have
			a drink on it.

	Muddy swigs the last swallow from his bottle of bourbon.




	In an overhead view, the four-by-four screeches up to the gate, 
	fishtails to a stop, throwing B&amp;B onto the sidewalk, and peels 
	away.


			We're gonna get paid to score.


			Yeah, heh heh, and then we're gonna
			get a big-screen TV! Heh heh.


			Beavis, this is the greatest day of
			our lives. Huh huh huh.




	B&amp;B enter the plane. They sit down in the first two seats on the 
	right - in First Class. A flight attendant, DOLORIS approaches 
	them.


			Hi. Can I help you find your seats?


			Uuh, nah. These seats are OK.


			I think your tickets have you seated
			in row fourteen, coach. So why don't
			you just go ahead and move back, OK?


			That's OK. Someone else can have those.


			Yeah, it's not that important to me,
			really. Those seats are too small anyways.

	Doloris yanks them out of their seats and leads them down the 
	aisle.

	ANGLE DOWN AISLE in coach. Doloris stops by a row where an elderly 
	woman, MARTHA, sits by the window. Next to her: Two empty seats.


			Here you are.

	She gestures to the seats and leaves. Beavis climbs in the middle, 
	Butt-Head in the aisle - still watching Doloris.


			Hey Beavis. When she was leading us down
			here, huh huh, she touched my butt. Huh
			huh huh.

	Martha, her senses a bit dimmed from age, turns to B&amp;B.


			Hello there. Are you two heading for Las
			Vegas?


			Yeah, we're gonna score.


			I hope to score big there myself. I'm
			mostly going to be doing the slots.


			Yeah, I'm hoping to do some sluts too. 
			Heh heh. Do they have lots of sluts in
			Las Vegas?


			Oh, there are so many slots you won't
			know where to begin.


			Whoa! heh heh. Hey Butt-Head, this chick
			is pretty cool. She says there's gonna be
			tons of sluts in Las Vegas! Heh heh heh.


			Cool. Huh huh huh.


			It's so nice to meet young men who are so
			well mannered.


			Yeah, heh heh. I'm gonna have money, and a
			big-screen TV and sluts everywhere!


			Oh, that's nice.


					
			Good morning. This is your captain
			speaking. Welcome aboard flight 151
			non-stop to Las Vegas. We ask that you
			turn your attention to the front of the
			cabin for pre-flight safety instructions.

	B&amp;B see Doloris, stepping nearby to demonstrate the seat belt.


			To fasten your seat belt, insert the free
			end into the coupling.


			Insert. Huh huh huh.

	Doloris demonstrates. B&amp;B are dumbfounded. It's too complicated.


			Uh...

	They struggle to make their seat belts fit, getting each other's 
	parts.


			Hi, I'm Tammy? Can I help you with that?

	Butt-Head looks up.

	From his P.O.V. we see a beautiful woman, TAMMY, smiling, her 
	hands reaching down. FALLING IN LOVE/HARP MUSIC STING plays.

	CLOSE on Butt-Head's lap as two female hands reach down and pull 
	one strap from between Butt-Head's legs.

	Butt-Head looks down at his lap as Tammy leans over him. A loud 
	CLICKING can be heard. Butt-Head stares blankly.


			There you go. You're all set.


					
			I love you.

	Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt. Tammy goes.


			Wait, I wanted her to do it.


			Huh huh. Soon, she will be mine.


			Flight attendants, please prepare for
			take-off.

	The engines start to hum. The plane is rolling.

	Butt-Head struggles to get his seat belt off. He does everything 
	but pull the handle. Beavis goes white with fear.

	The plane starts to shake. The engines rumble. Beavis starts to 
	freak.


			Hey wait a minute. What's going on?!

	Butt-Head bangs away at his seat belt. Beavis looks out the window 
	and realizes they're in the air.


					
			Aaaagh! We're gonna die!!!!!




			D'ya hear that? Something must be wrong!


			Oh my God!!!!!!!

	ANGLE ON CABIN, people start screaming. The plane quakes, lifting 
	up.

	ON BUTT-HEAD, furiously pulling:


			Dammit! Huh huh. That chick wants me.


			Aggghg! We're gonna die! We're all
			gonna die!

	The plane arcs upward. Butt-Head finally gets the belt off as the 
	plane is in full thrust. He rises and goes tumbling backward down 
	the aisle.

	ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.

	In free fall:

	Butt-Head grabs the door to the hangable luggage. It all comes 
	tearing out.

	Butt-Head flies up, hitting several overhead luggage racks, which 
	open and spill their contents.

	Butt-Head lands in the galley, causing food to go flying and 
	coffee to pour freely.

	ON THE CABIN as the plane starts to level out. People stop their 
	screaming.

	ON BUTT-HEAD, underneath the rubble, poking his head out. He's 
	directly across from the flight attendant station where Tammy is 
	strapped in.


			Uh, huh huh... could you, like, do that
			thing with my belt again?




	All's in order. Flight attendants roll the beverage cart up the 
	aisle. People read, relaxed.

	ON BEAVIS AND MARTHA. Martha is showing pictures of her 
	grandchildren. Beavis is showing the picture of Dallas that Muddy 
	gave him.


			I'm probably going to make out with her
			first before we, you know, get down...


			You'll have to speak up son. I have this
			ringing in my ears. My doctor says it
			could be related to my heart
			palpitations. I've had two operations on
			my heart.


			Really? I poop too much.


			Oh, maybe you're lactose intolerant.


			Uh... No,  I poop too much. Then
			I get tired.


			Well, if you find yourself getting tired,
			take a couple of these.

	She hands him a box of NoDrowz.


			They perk me right up.


			Heh heh, thanks.

	He pours the contents into his hand and chews them like candy. 
	Then his eyes open wide.


					
			Uh, tastes like crap. Heh heh. Mmmmm.

	Beavis starts wolfing them down.




	Tammy passes out meals from a rolling cart. She works with 
	Doloris. Butt-head stands behind Tammy, attempting to hit on her.


					
			So, uh huh huh, are you going to Las
			Vegas? Huh huh huh.

	Tammy ignores him and moves on, leaving Butt-Head there.

	ANGLE ON BUTT-HEAD, looking down at something.

	PAN DOWN to reveal he's looking at a BEER on a fat guy's tray. The 
	guy's asleep.

	Butt-head picks up the beer.

	ANGLE ON BEAVIS, nearby. The NoDrowz is starting to take effect. 
	Beavis starts shaking, babbling, staring cross-eyed at his fist, 
	etc. 

	Tammy reaches her next passenger.


			Hi, we're serving dinner. Our selections
			tonight are chicken piccata or seafood
			gumbo...


			Piccata? Piccata! Picattatta tatta!

	Tammy moves forward, leaving Butt-Head standing there. In the 
	background, we see Beavis starting to quake, on the verge of 
	Cornholio mode.


			Does the gumbo have corn in it?

	ANGLE ON BEAVIS: Turned, facing the cabin, T-shirt pulled over his 
	head in full Cornholio mode.


			I am Cornholio! I need picatta for
			my bunghole!


			You'll have to wait your turn sir.


			Are you threatening me? My bunghole
			will not wait!

	Beavis starts to wander down the aisle.

	ANGLE ON CURTAIN TO FIRST CLASS CABIN. Beavis enters. From the 
	other side, SOUND of screams. We hear several CALL BUTTONS being 
	pressed.

	ON BUTT-HEAD. He approaches Tammy from behind. She ignores him.


			Uh, I got a beer. Want some? Huh huh.



	The PILOTS are relaxed and settled in when the door to the cockpit 
	slams open. Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.


			Bargarajjjaaaahhh!!! I am Cornholio!!

	The pilots SCREAM. The copilot jumps up so fast he causes coffee 
	to spill everywhere, including on the captain's lap. The captain 
	then jumps up, hitting the controls and SENDING THE PLANE INTO A 




	In the back of the plane standing next to Tammy. He starts to take 
	a sip of beer. The nose-dive of the plane causes Butt-Head to go 



			AAAAAHHH!!! Huh huh. AAAAHHH!!!

	Butt-Head bounces all overthe plane and then gets tangled up in 
	the curtain that separates first class and coach. It tears off, 
	and he continues to fly forward.



	The captain is desperately trying to regain control of the plane.

	Butt-Head slams into the cockpit, landing on the control panel 
	facing the captain.


			Get the hell out of the cockpit!


			Huh huh, you said...




	The captain throws Butt-Head back behind him and pulls the plane 
	out of the dive.




	The plane lands.




	The flight attendants, shaken, smile at a line of people 
	deplaning. The people are white with fear, some covered with 
	flecks of spilled food and other matter.


			Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

	They grow silent and still as B&amp;B pass by. Beavis takes the T-
	shirt off his head, coming down from Cornholio.


			Huh huh huh. That was cool.




	Arriving passengers are greeted. A family is reunited. Two 
	businessmen walk up to limo drivers holding cards with their 
	names. A reunited couple hugs.

	B&amp;B look around in confusion.


			Uh, huh huh, this is Las Vegas?


			Yeah, heh heh. I thought there'd be
			casinos and lights and stuff.

	People greet and walk away. The place starts to clear out.

	One limo driver is left standing. He wears sunglasses and holds a 
	sign that reads: Beavis and Butt-Head.

	B&amp;B look around. Except for the driver, they're alone.


			Hey Butt-Head, why's that guy holding
			a sign?


			Uh... maybe he's blind... Huh huh, check
			this out.

	B&amp;B go up to him. Butt-Head turns around, drops his pants and 
	hangs a "B.A." at the guy.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			Ah, excuse me. You wouldn't know where
			I can find these guys, would ya?

	He indicates the sign. Butt-Head turns around and pulls up his 
	pants. They look and try to read:


					
			Uh, B...A...U... No, uh, V...


					
			Uh... Buuuuut. Boot. Someone named boot.


					
			Huh huh. This says Beavis.


			And Boot-Head.


			That's Butt-Head. Don't you get it,
			Beavis. These dudes have the same name as
			us.


			Yeah, we should party.

	The limo driver rolls his eyes and walks away.


			This way, sirs.

	B&amp;B follow the driver away. Beavis looks around.


			So where's those guys?




	HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&amp;B's 
	TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room. Harlan knocks on the 
	door.


			Where the hell is he?


			You sure this is the right place?

	Harlan looks through the window and sees the shattered TV. No 
	one's there.

	Muddy's four-by-four SQUEALS into the lot and skids to a stop next 
	to Harlan and Ross' van. Muddy gets out, looking really drunk now.


			You Muddy?


					
			You the cops?


			Uh, no. Earl sent us. You know, to take
			care of your wife...

	Muddy grabs Ross by the collar.


			What the hell?!... What about those other...


			Huh?

	Muddy tosses Ross to the sidewalk and starts back to they four-by-
	four.


			Dammit!!! She did it to me again!!!


			Hey, I noticed your TV was broken. You
			wanna buy a new one?

	Muddy gets in the four-by-four and starts it.


			I'm gonna go to Vegas and kill all
			three a' them!

	Harlan and Ross seem momentarily confused.

	Muddy revs the engine, peels out backwards HITTING THE FRONT OF 
	THE VAN. This causes B&amp;B's TV and some other loot to spill out the 
	back onto the sidewalk.

	Ross starts to pick it up.


			Just leave it. Worthless piece o' crap.


			Yeah, really. We gotta start stealin'
			from rich people.






		Note: I would like this to be a well-known band (Red Hot 
		Chili Peppers) doing their best imitation of a modern Las 
		Vegas lounge act. I think a song like "What Am I Gonna Do 
		With You" by Barry White or something obnoxious like 
		"Bicostal" by Peter Allan would be cool. Or maybe Sinatra's 
		"You Make Me Feel So Young" would be best.

	The car passes by major hotels and tourist sights, finally pulling 
	up to a big luxurious hotel and casino.




	Establishing shots. Excitement. Gambling tables going on forever.

	ON THE LOUNGE BAND playing the song we've been hearing. They 
	should vaguely resemble the actual band doing the song.

	PAN DOWN rows of slot machines.

	PAN ACROSS DEALERS handling cards and chips.

	DOLLY RIGHT UP TO B&amp;B, staring in utter awe.

	REVERSE ANGLE REVEALS: They're staring at a huge Roman statue of a 
	bare-chested woman.

	Their faces are blank. They're seeing God. Finally:


			Beavis. This is what it's all about.


					
			Heh heh. Yeah.




	Lights are popping on.

	Billboards and signs are lighting up.

	The whole strip is coming alive. Pure excitement.




	ON B&amp;B, still staring at the statue.


					
			Huh huh huh huh huh.

	A security guard comes and drags B&amp;B away.

	ON THE LOUNGE BAND, continuing the song we've been hearing.




	The door is opened by a bellboy.


			I'm so sorry about that little
			misunderstanding. We didn't know you
			were registered guests. Here's some
			playing chips compliments of...

	Beavis rushes in and grabs the remote which is attached to the 
	night table. He tries to pull it up and can't.


			This remote's too heavy!


			Sir, it's attached to the...


			Here, dumbass! Let me try!

	They both struggle to pull it up. Finally, they fall over 
	backwards.

	Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.




	The elevator arrives. B&amp;B get on. There's several sophisticated 
	people. From inside, a computerized FEMALE ELEVATOR VOICE:


			Ninth floor, going down.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			Going down. Huh huh huh.

	The sophisticated people look repulsed. The doors close.




	MUSIC DIPS DOWN FOR DIALOGUE. B&amp;B step off the elevator and walk 
	among the gambling tables.

	Beavis pulls one of the playing chips out of his pocket and bites 
	into it.


			Ow! These chips suck.


			What a rip-off. Come on. We gotta find
			that chick.

	Beavis tosses the chip on a roulette table.

	ANGLE ON THE WHEEL. The ball lands on 13.

	At the table, the DEALER...


			13. We have a winner.  Sir,
			your chips?


			I don't want 'em! Keep 'em.


			Let it ride!


					
			Uh... could you help us find a chick?


					
			Sir, the casino does not partake in that
			kind of activity.

	The wheel stops.


					
			13! Winner!

	People oooh and aaah. More gather to watch.

	Through the gathering throng comes CHERYL, a hooker.


			Excuse me, boys. Did I hear you say 
			you're looking for a date?

	B&amp;B freeze, shocked.


			I'm Cheryl, and I can show you a real
			fine time.

	B&amp;B don't move. The dealer rolls again.


			A time you'll remember for the rest of
			your lives, if you know what I mean.


					
			Sir, do you want your chips?


			No, Dammit! I don't want any chips!


			Let it ride.

	Cheryl puts her hands on their thighs.


			What say we three go up to your room, 
			take off our clothes and just see what
			comes up.

	B&amp;B's eyes open wide.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			Uh... Uh...

	The wheel stops.


			14. No winners.


			Hmmmm. Oh well.

	She leaves. People scatter. B&amp;B are left alone. Staring.


			Huh huh huh. That chick was talking
			about doing it.


			Heh heh. This is the best night of our
			lives.

	WIDE SHOT. B&amp;B just stand, laughing.






	ANGLE ON THE BAND, continuing the song.

	Tourists watch from tables - decidedly not rocking out.

	B&amp;B dance alone near the stage, doing the "butt-knocker."




	A WOMAN ATTENDANT answers the phone.


			Good evening. Room service. How may
			I help you?

	From the phone...


					
			Huh huh huh huh huh.

	The woman's disturbed.


			Hello... Hello...




	B&amp;B try to climb up and grab the gigantic boobs of the statue. 
	Butt-Head falls, knocks Beavis off and they both hit the floor 
	hard.




	Beavis is on the phone in the main room. Butt-Head sits on the 
	toilet and speaks from the phone in the bathroom.


			Uh, huh huh, I'd like to be serviced...
			in my room.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.




	B&amp;B keep dancing as the famous BAND plays the MONTAGE SONG which 





	Sunrise.

	The song rings out.




	BEavis is picking up the night table by the remote attached to it 
	and moving the whole thing.

	Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.


			Uh, I wonder where this door goes to.

	Beavis comes over to check it out. Butt-Head opens the door. It's 
	one of those double doors to the next room.

	Butt-Head tries to open the second door, jiggling it.

	Suddenly, the door opens. Someone reaches out and pulls B&amp;B 
	inside. It's DALLAS, the girl Muddy sent them after.




	She has them pinned against the wall. DALLAS is hot, clad in tight 
	leather, tattooed, pierced, sexy.


					
			Hey, Butt-Head, it's her! Heh heh.


			All right, who are ya? C.I.A? F.B.I.?



			Uh... Hey baby. Are we like, doing it?


			Me first?


			You got two seconds!


			Uh, huh huh. Is that gonna be enough time?

	Dallas grabs Butt-Head by the shirt.


			Who sent ya?


			Uh, huh huh, this fat dude. He said we
			could do you. And he was gonna pay us.


			Muddy! Sonofabitch! Hold it. What's he
			payin' ya?


			Uh, ten uh...


			Ten grand? That cheap-ass... I got a
			better deal for ya. I'll double it. I'll
			pay ya twenty if you go back there and do
			mah husband.


			Uh, you want us to do a guy? Huh huh. No
			way.


					
			Umm,... I don't know Butt-Head. That is
			a lot of money... Maybe if we close our
			eyes and pretend he's a chick...

	Butt-Head SMACKS Beavis, bringing him to his senses.

	From outside, SOUND of a police siren. Dallas goes to the window. 
	The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.


					
			Damn! You boys, you wait right there.

	Dallas goes into the next room and closes the door.

	B&amp;B look at each other. They start to take their pants off.


			Huh huh huh. I'm ready for love.


			Me first! Me first!




	Dallas gets binoculars from her bag and scouts outside.

	Her P.O.V. REVEALS dozens of police and A.T.F. cars. The hotel's 
	surrounded.

	As Dallas looks around, she spots a tour bus across the street. On 
	the side: "Dream America Tours." Dallas quickly dials the phone.


					
			Gimme the number for Dream America Tours.
			 Right.

	Dallas dials again, crossing to the door to peek out at B&amp;B - both 
	standing in their underwear, waiting. Beavis picks his nose. 
	Dallas closes the door again.


					
			Yeah, you got a bus leaving today? 
			Five minutes? Where's it goin'? 
			Washington, D.C.?  Perfect.
			 Gimme two
			tickets.




	B&amp;B are in their underwear. Butt-Head sits at the edge of the bed. 
	Beavis tries to pull the remote off the table.

	Dallas enters, sees this sight, and shuts off the TV. She looms 
	over Butt-Head.


			So, uh, huh huh. Are we gonna score now?


			Me first!


			Forget it, bunghole!

	B&amp;B start to wrestle. Dallas sees Beavis' pants.


					
			Score? You boys wanna...?

	Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.


			Ow, let go, Butt-Head!


			Huh huh huh.

	She picks up the pants, getting an idea.


			You wait here.

	She takes the pants into the next room. B&amp;B keep wrestling.


			Me first.


			Huh huh. No way, dude.




	TIGHT ON her black satchel. From it she lifts a delicate 
	electronic device, the X-5 unit, about the size of a credit card. 
	An LED light blinks.

	Using her switchbalde, she cuts a hole in the back seam of Beavis' 
	pants, creating a natural pocket. She carefully slides the unit 
	in.




	B&amp;B's fight escalates. Butt-Head picks up a LAMP and throws it at 
	Beavis. It hits the wall and SHATTERS. Beavis charges Butt-Head.




	Dallas is licking a piece of thread. She quickly and expertly 
	threads a needle and then starts to sew the electronic device into 
	the inside back of Beavis' pants. She suddenly wrinkles her nose 
	as if she has smelled something.

	She holds the pants up to the light. Inside, the shadow of the 
	unit.




	B&amp;B fight wildly. Dallas enters and clears her throat. B&amp;B freeze.

	FULL ON DALLAS, posed sexily, seductive.


			Don't wear yourselves out, boys. Save
			some energy for me.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			This is it, Beavis. Huh huh. We're 
			finally gonna score.


			Heh heh. Thank God.


			I'm gonna do it with both of ya.


					
			Huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh
			huh huh huh huh huh.

	Dallas clears her throat to get their attention. And again.


			 Boys!!!

	Silence.


			But first, you hafta do a little job for
			me.  Would you like
			to do a job for me?

	Silence. They're in shock.


			Here's what it is. I want ya to take a bus
			ta Washington, D.C. That's all. And when
			ya get there, I'll be waitin'. You're
			gonna make a whole lotta money. (In their
			faces) And I'm gonaa give you everything!


					
			Huh huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			Until then... (tosses Beavis' pants in his
			face) Keep your pants on.

	She looks back to the window, now all business.


			OK guys, time to move out.




	A.T.F. agents enter and spread out. We see several agents go up 
	the stairs.





			Remember, Washington, D.C. You'll get
			more money than you ever dreamed of. And
			you'll get me.

	She kisses them both seductively.


					
			Your bus is downstairs. Get going.

	She shuts the door, leaving B&amp;B outside. Nearby, a maid with her 
	cart passes by.

	B&amp;B stare, frozen for a beat, then go running for the elevator.

	ANGLE AROUND THE CORNER, out of B&amp;B's view. Just as the elevator 
	doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick 
	open Dallas' door.




	More Feds and police enter.

	ANGLE ON B&amp;B, walking past, oblivious to all else. As he walks 
	away, Beavis rubs his butt.


			Huh huh huh huh huh.


			This is gonna be cool. Huh huh.

	They walk to the tour bus across the street.




	B&amp;B walk down the aisle, Beavis rubbing his butt. Most seats are 
	taken by senior citizens.

	Up ahead, two vacant seats. B&amp;B fight to get in first.


			No way butt-hole! I want the window.


			Cut it out butt-hole!


			Why don't you take turns?

	They turn. It's Martha, the woman from the plane, sitting across 
	the aisle.


			Hey, Butt-Head, it's that slut from the
			plane!


			Why it's you two. How'd ya do in Vegas?


			Uh, we didn't score yet.


			Sorry to hear that. Me, I took a beating.


			Cool, huh huh huh.


			That's why I'm bussing it across America.
			I'm so glad you're here. (to man in next
			seat) Jim, I want you to meet two nice
			boys.

	JIM, an old guy, wakes up and looks over.


			This is Travis and Bob... What's your
			last name, dear?


			Uh... Head? huh huh. My first name's
			Butt. Huh huh huh.


			Pleased to meet ya, Mr. Head.

	All the seniors turn around to meet them.


			Meet Sylvia. And Elloise and Sam. And Ed.
			And Doreen.


			Are you guys sluts too? Huh huh huh.




	It takes off.

	We PAN back to the hotel as Muddy arrives in a cab.




	DRAMATIC REVEAL of AGENT RYAN FLEMMING entering the hallway. He's 
	an A.T.F. honcho, powerful, hard-ass. Looks like an Oliver North-
	type. Sounds something like Fred Thompson. He walks with his 
	assistant, AGENT BORK and another agent.

	They find Dallas' room and enter.




	Dallas sits calmly, confident, as agents tear apart the room.


			So, are you going to tell us where it is
			or am I going to have to have Agent Hurley
			over there give you another cavity search?

	ANGLE ON AGENT HURLEY, a tough, stocky woman.


			Ooh is that a promise?


			Look Mrs. Scum, we know who you are. Tell
			her Bork.


			Dallas Grimes. Married to Muddy Grimes.
			You run a mom and pop arms smuggling ring.

	He tosses her some photos of her and Muddy.


			Oh, you got my bad side.

	Bork hands Flemming another file. Flemming checks it.


			Three days ago you pulled a job at the
			Army Research Facility in Hadley, Nevada -
			where you stole...  The X-5 unit.
			Now we happen to know you had the unit
			with you when you checked in here, so why
			don't you be a good girl and tell us where
			it is.


			You gonna charge me with anything? 
			I didn't think so. You wanna let me go now
			or wait 'till my lawyer files a wrongful
			arrest.


					
			We got nothing, Chief. We tore the place
			apart. We can only legally hold her for
			another couple of hours.


					
			Dammit!  Where's that
			damn unit??!!




	The bus parks.




	B&amp;B are excited.


			Heh heh. We're in Washington!


			Huh huh. We're gonna score now.


			Actually, we're at the Hoover Dam.

	Martha walks on down the aisle.


			Damn, huh huh.


			Yeah, heh heh. Damn right!

	They follow the seniors out of the bus. Beavis rubs his butt.




	Dallas drives by in a slick car.




	She adjusts her rearview mirror to observe a Fed car following 
	her. She smiles.




	B&amp;B and the seniors are on a tour through the giant basement. B&amp;B 
	talk and approach the HOOVER GUIDE, speaking nearby.


			So, like, where is she?


					
			Yeah, really.


			Over 40 thousand cubic tons of concrete
			were used in the construction of the
			Hoover Dam.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			From top to bottom, this dam is 51
			stories.


			Uh, huh huh, excuse me. Is this a God
			Damn?


			Huh huh huh huh huh.

	They follow the tour into the next room.




	A glass wall separates this from the master control room. There, 
	two technicians are on watch. Banks of monitors show the water and 
	pipes from various angles.

	B&amp;B are the last in. Beavis rubs his aching butt. The guide is 
	already speaking.


			... Generates over 6000 gigawatts of
			electricity, all passing through this
			control room. This way.

	The tour moves on.


			This is dumb, let's find that chick.


			Yeah, heh heh, enough'a this crap.

	They walk back from where they came.

	Through the glass wall, we see the two control room technicians 
	heading out.


			Check it out Butt-Head, TV!


			Cool! Huh huh huh.




	SOUND of air compression as this secure door opens. The two 
	technicians walk out.

	They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&amp;B approach the 
	control room door. They enter just before the door closes. SOUND 
	of air compression locks.




	Agent Bork knocks and enters.


			Talk ta me, Bork.


			Chief, we found a witness that says he saw
			two teenagers leaving Dallas' room shortly
			before we arrived.


			Did you give him a full cavity search?


					
			Ah, the witness?


			Yes. You can never be too careful Bork.


			Well sir, I didn't really think it was
			necessary. You see we have a picture of
			them from the elevator security cam. Here,
			have a look.

	TIGHT ON PICTURE. A still of B&amp;B laughing on the elevator.


			They look like a couple of kids chief.


			Bork, don't you realize what kids today
			are capable of? Don't you read the papers?

	Suddenly the lights blink on and off. All three men look up.




	We see a bank of TV monitors, video of water, turbines, etc. 
	Beavis is rubbing his butt against a switch on the console, 
	causing the lights to blink on and off.


			Beavis, huh huh, what'er you doing?


			My butt's bothering me!


			You should kick your butt's ass. Huh huh
			huh.

	Butt-Head looks at the bank of monitors - all showing water.


			Dammit, all they have is shows about
			water.


			That sucks. Heh heh. They need some shows
			about fire! Change the channel.


			Uh...

	Butt-Head starts randomly hitting controls everywhere while Beavis 
	rubs his butt against a computer keypad.

	TIGHT ON CONTROL:  "Main Water Release Valve". Butt-Head turns it. 
	An alarm sounds.


			Yeah, turn it up! Louder! Heh heh.




	An alarm sounds. Giant doors open, causing water to start to flood 
	through the gates.




	Butt-Head presses more buttons. His hand is near the biggest 
	switch for: "Master Station Control".


					
			Uh... Mas... Ter... Huh huh. Masturbation,
			huh huh.

	Butt-Head throws the switch. Lights go out. SOUND of generators 
	grinding to a halt.




	Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break. A 
	disaster.




	SOUND of twisted, grinding metal, loud alarms.


			Uh...

	ON ONE OF THE MONITORS, we see a small electrical fire.


			Yeah, fire! Fire! FIRE!!!




	The lights go out.




	In succession, one set of lights after another goes out. The 
	famous strip goes dark.




	The lights go dead.


			The hell's going on?




	A surgeon just makes an incision as the lights go out.


			Whoooooops.




	Marcy Anderson hammers the last peg in for their tent. Tom checks 
	the stew on the fire and looks around.


			I'll tell ya, it doesn't get any better
			than this. This here is God's country.
			Unspoiled and...

	A rumbling interrupts him. He and Marcy turn to see:

	A wall of water, heading for them.


			Aaaaghhh!!!...

	They're smashed by the flood.




	Mass chaos. Traffic jams. Honking horns. People shouting.

	ANGLE ON B&amp;B AND THE SENIORS, about to get on the bus.


			That was boring. Huh huh.


			Yeah, it's just the same thing over and
			over again.


			Uh... We can't leave Washington 'till we
			find that chick.


			Oh, we're a long ways from Washington Bob.
			This is the Hoover Dam.

	Martha gets on the bus. HOLD ON B&amp;B.


			Damn! Heh heh hmm heh.

	They get on the bus.




	Mayhem. People scream in the dark. Some steal chips and run.

	ANGLE TO SIDE, where Muddy has the Concierge by the neck.


			I swear, that's all I know! They got on
			that tour bus. It was probably heading 
			west. Please...

	Muddy slams him against the wall and walks away.


			I'm gonna kill 'em!




	The doors close on the tour bus. It pulls out and drives away.




	At her car, Dallas watches the bus from a distance, then lays down 
	her binoculars, satisfied.


			You boys better show up.

	With a look at the Fed car behind her, she gets in her car and 
	drives down a different road.




	The bus heads off into the desert.







	Police cars everywhere. Fire engines. Reporters. News helicopters. 
	Disaster.

	Several A.T.F. cars pull up. Flemming and several of his agents 
	get out and head immediately for the dam.




	TIGHT ON A TV MONITOR. It shows B&amp;B at the Hoover Dam controls the 
	eve before, shot on surveillance camera. Frame freezes. B&amp;B 
	looking particularly stupid.

	REVEAL Flemming's there with his agents. Flemming leans forward.


			You see what I see, Bork?


			I see it. I don't get it.


			You got half the state looking for ya -
			how do you get away?


					
			Cut the power!


			Damn right. Bork, we're dealing with real
			pros here. My opinion, terrorists...
			What's the scoop on that stolen unit?


			Well, sir it's not good. 
			Roll the tape... The X-5 unit is a new
			top-secret biological weapon, a manmade
			virus...

	ON MONITOR. The device that was put in back of Beavis' pants.


			The deadliest known to man. It could wipe
			out five states in five days. It can be
			activated by simply entering the right
			code. Here's what happened when it was
			tested on a group of Army recruits...

	ON THE MONITOR. Army recruits coughing up black gunk, rolling 
	around in pain on stretchers, dying. Grotesque .


			Jesus Jumped-Up Christ! If this were to
			fall into the wrong hands...


			It gets worse. The unit wasn't finished.
			It has a flaw - the casing. If hit hard
			enough, it could break open, releasing the
			virus.

	A murmuring through the room. Flemming rises and holds up a 
	picture of B&amp;B.


			Okay People, as of right now these are the
			most dangerous men in America. I want
			these faces in front of every Fed and two-
			bit sheriff within a thousand miles. The
			orders are dead or alive. Let's just pray
			that nothing hits that unit.




	TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.


			Ow! Cut it out Butt-Head.


			Huh huh. Get out of the way, Beavis, I
			wanna sit by the window. Huh huh.


			Ow! I'll kick your butt!


			Huh huh. You mean like this?

	Butt-Head keeps kicking.




			Okay, people, next stop, Grand Canyon.

	He guns it.




	It takes off down the road.

	MONTAGE SONG BEGINS. (Maybe White Zombie doing something like, 
	"Born to Be Wild")

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes across a map to Grand Canyon.




	Gorgeous. Our seniors and others take pictures and stare in awe. 
	Some hold hands. One crosses herself.

	ANGLE ON B&amp;B, nearby, also staring in awe. REVEAL they're watching 
	a jackass take a dump.


			Huh huh huh huh huh.


			The poop's coming out of the ass of the
			ass. Heh heh heh.


			Huh huh. It's coming out of the ass, but
			it's also coming out of the ass of the
			ass.




	TIGHT ON PHOTO OF B&amp;B, going out on the wire.




	TIGHT ON COP getting the photo off a machine.




	TIGHT ON B&amp;B's PHOTO as it's pinned to the wall.




	PAN across seniors showing off pictures of their grandchildren.

	Pan stops on B&amp;B showing off the picture of Dallas to a senior. 
	Butt-Head does the "finger-in-hole" fornication gesture as they 
	LAUGH suggestively.




	Flemming reads a map strewn on his hood. He turns to Bork to give 
	orders. Bork repeats them into his radio. Several cars pull out.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes across a map to Utah.




	Martha and the seniors pose in front of a classic Salt Lake City 
	view. A sign nearby reads "Welcome to Salt Lake City."

	REVERSE ANGLE shows B&amp;B, taking their picture.

	P.O.V. OF CAMERA shows Butt-Head's hand covering half the lens. 
	Framing is crooked and way off. Click and FREEZE.




	Middle of nowhere. Confused, Martha is taking a picture.

	REVERSE ANGLE shows B&amp;B, posing by the road sign: Baggs, Wyoming.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.

	P.O.V. OF CAMERA, showing B&amp;B laughing.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes across the map to Wyoming.






	A classic view of a powerful gorge.

	REVERSE SHOWS THE TOUR BUS driving by. Martha and the seniors rush 
	to the windows to stare in awe.




	A classic view of the huge peaks.

	REVERSE SHOWS THE TOUR BUS driving by. More seniors rush to the 
	windows to see.




	A spectacular view of Yellowstone Lake and the Rockies.

	REVERSE SHOWS THE TOUR BUS. Seniors staring in awe.

	PAN over to another window. B&amp;B press their BARE ASSES against the 
	window.






	A RANGER/GUIDE stands in front of the seniors talking about the 
	geyser. B&amp;B are towards the front, off to one side.


					
			There are over two hundred active geysers
			in Yellowstone Park alone. Old Faithful
			here is one of the largest. During an 
			eruption the water can reach as high as
			two hundred feet!...


			So?


					
			It shoots out over twelve thousand gallons
			of water in a single eruption...


			That's not that much.


			Yeah really. Let's get outta here Beavis.
			Huh huh huh. This sucks.

	B&amp;B walk off as the flustered ranger leads the seniors to some 
	benches where they wait for the geyser to erupt.




	The geyser erupts. The seniors watch in sheer awe.


			It's...incredible...!




	B&amp;B stare ahead in similar awe.


			It's incredible!... Huh huh huh.

	REVEAL they're standing before the urinals. Butt-Head moves to the 
	side, tripping a motion detector which makes the urinal 



			Whoa! That's amazing! Heh heh heh.

	They start moving from urinal to urinal, causing all to flush.




	The bus idles. The last senior climbs aboard.

	The driver looks around impatiently. He checks his watch.


			I can't wait forever.




	The ranger/guide enters and checks off a chart on a bulletin board 
	near B&amp;B's "wanted" photo.

	Suddenly the guide sees B&amp;B's photo, then, out the window, the bus 
	closing its door and pulling away.


			Oh my God!

	The guide picks up the phone.




	B&amp;B go back and forth, "playing" the urinals, passing hands, 
	heads, whole bodies in front of the motion detectors.


			Huh huh huh huh.

	Finally, Butt-Head pauses.


			This is the coolest thing I have ever
			seen.




	Flemming is on the radio. Bork runs up.


			Chief, we got 'em! They're on a senior
			citizens tour bus going east on I-40.




	B&amp;B get on a bus that looks completely different than the tour 
	bus.




	TIGHT ON B&amp;B. Butt-Head looks around.


			Uh... Is this the right bus?


			You mean there's mre than one?

	A WIDER SHOT REVEALS it's a bus full of nuns. B&amp;B look around and 
	see this.


			Huh huh huh. Hey Beavis. We're on a bus
			with chicks.


			Heh hmm heh heh.

	Butt-Head turns to the nun next to him.


			Hey, baby.

	The nun looks disturbed as the bus takes off.




	The tour bus is stopped. Like P.O.W.'s, the seniors stand with 
	hands on heads. Agents search the bus.

	ANGLE ON LINE OF SENIORS. Flemming walks nearby and is told:


			They're not on the bus.

	Flemming looks the seniors over.


					
			These people know something. I want full
			cavity searches. Everyone. Go deep on 'em.

	Hurley and two agents grab the nearest senior and drag him away.


			I tell you Bork, these guys are smart.
			Damn smart. They're probably a hundred
			miles away by now.

	Behind Flemming, an agent waves on traffic including B&amp;B's new 
	bus. As it pulls past, B&amp;B hang B.A.'s. Flemming doesn't see.



	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes through a map, pretty much retracing the 
	route B&amp;B took north. Down into Utah.




	A nun strums a guitar and sings. Butt-head head-bangs. The nuns 
	around look uneasy.

	Nearby another nun reads the Bible to Beavis.


			Hey, Butt-Head, this book kicks ass!
			There's this talking snake and a naked
			chick and then this dude puts a leaf
			on his schlong! Heh heh heh.

	The nun next to Beavis is disgusted.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes down through Colorado.

	One of the nuns is trying to teach B&amp;B the sign of the cross.

	Butt-head moves his hand down, up, left and then swings his hand 
	to the far right SMACKING Beavis.




	Sitting before a long table, the nuns close their eyes and pray, 
	hands clasped together.

	PAN THE ROW to B&amp;B who's hands are clasped together and 
	interlocked as they do the incredibly juvenile 'peek at the 
	vagina' trick.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes through a map to Rancho Taos, New 
	Mexico.




	A beautiful old adobe-style church. Nuns exit the bus, excited, 
	followed by B&amp;B who look around.

	The nuns walk into a visitor center. B&amp;B walk right into the 
	church.




	In a WIDE SHOT we see B&amp;B walk in, look around and head for the 



			Check it out Butt-Head, porta-potties.


			Cool, huh huh.

	B&amp;B each enter a confession booth on the priest's side.




	WIDE EST. SHOT shows that a confessional service has begun.




	We see a man nervously confessing. This seems difficult for him.


					
			Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
			I,...I...I slept with a woman, and...

	From the priest's side of the confessional we hear Butt-head. The 
	man can't see him.


			Huh huh huh, really? Was she naked?


			Well, yes Father. Please forgive me. I...


			Cool, huh huh huh. Could you like, see her
			boobs?




					
			How many Hail Marys?


			A thousand! Yeah, heh heh hmm. And I want
			you to hit yourself. Right now!


			Now?!


			Yeah! Heh heh hmm heh. DO IT!

	From outside the confession booth, we hear the sound of a SMACK.


			Harder! Heh heh. Again! Heh heh. You need
			to straighten up!




	As B&amp;B board the bus they are STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes further down into Arizona.




	This establishes.




	B&amp;B stare at an exhibit, riveted. The nuns watch them. A recording 
	plays.


			Welcome to the Petrified Forest. The
			world's largest site of petrified wood.


			Huh huh huh huh wood.

	The Mother Superior makes a signal the other nuns were waiting 
	for. They all rush back to the bus, leaving B&amp;B behind.


			You may wonder, how can wood get so hard?


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.

	Through the window, we see the bus drive away.

	ANGLE ON AN OLD RANGER behind a counter, looking at B&amp;B. He sees 
	their A.T.F. photo nearby and reaches for a phone.






	B&amp;B step outside. Nearby, a tourist car pulls up.


			Hey, where'd those chicks go?


			Uh... I think you scared them off.


			This sucks. What are we doing here?
			Weren't we suppost'a go to Washington and
			score or something?

	From the car, a tourist couple heads into the building.


					
			Uh, do you know where Washington is?


			Yeah, 'bout 2000 miles that way.

	He points to the desert, then continues into the building.


			Cool. Huh huh huh.

	B&amp;B walk off into the desert.




	The place is crawling with A.T.F.  Flemming walks out with Bork 
	and the OLD RANGER.


			Didn't see which way they went. Didn't see
			their vehicle. I don't suppose you tried
			to stop them?


			The most dangerous guys in America? Not
			me, Sonny. I make nine dollars an hour.


			National security is the responsibility of
			every American. Bork...


			Cavity search...?


			Deep and hard.

	Agents lead the old Ranger away.


			They're not gonna get away this time. I
			want roadblocks. Every road outta here for
			two hundred miles.






	A.T.F. agents put up roadblocks.

	Agents load guns.

	Agents pile up sandbags and prepare for battle.




	WIDE SHOT. A wasteland. Scorching desert hear. B&amp;B, small in 
	frame, look lost. They're parched, weak.


			This sucks. It's all hot and stuff.


			This desert is stupid. They need to put a
			drinking fountain out here.


			Yeah or like a Seven-Eleven or
			something... Are we almost there?


			Uh, probably like, another five minutes or
			something.

	ANGLE FROM OVERHEAD. Lost, alone, B&amp;B wobble like they haven't 
	long to live. Overhead, vultures circle.

	ANGLE ON B&amp;B, exhausted, spent. Staring ahead, Butt-Head suddenly 
	sees something.


			Whoa! Check it out!

	Beavis clears his eyes and sees it too.


			Yes! Yes! Huh huh huh.

	Excited, saved, they rush weakly forward.

	B&amp;B'S P.O.V. REVEALS they rush to: A GIANT BIG SCREEN TV.


			Turn it on! Turn it on!

	As they get closer it disappears - just a mirage.


			Uh...


			Dammit!!!! Dammit!!!!

	ANGLE ON SUN, brightening. The FRAME WHITES OUT.




	Cars are backed up into the horizon.

	The car up front is waved on. Up next: Tom and Marcy. An agent 
	steps over and shows the picture of B&amp;B.


			Something wrong, Officer?


			Sir, we're looking for these two
			fugitives.

	ANDERSON SQUINTS to see.

	HIS P.O.V. REVEALS the photo out of focus.


			Why I'll be danged. It's those boys been
			whackin' off in my camper...


			You saw these two?


			I sure did. They were whackin' off in my
			tool shed. Then whackin' off in my camper.
			I never seen so much whackin' off.

	The agent steps back and shouts into his walkie-talkie:


			Blue Den this is post nine! I have
			positive ID!!  Sir, I'm gonna have
			to ask you and your wife to step out of
			the vehicle.


			Well you see, me and the missus are on our
			way to Washington. We got this schedule...

	The agent pulls his gun and orders:


			Now!!!!




	A BIT LATER. Agents swarm over Tom's camper, turning everything 
	upside, pulling out dishes, trashing everything.


					
			Now wait right there. You're dealing with
			a veteran of two foreign wars. They're the
			ones been whacking off. If I find anything
			broken in there, you and I are gonna
			tangle!

	An A.T.F. agent smashes the micro on the ground and sifts through 
	the pieces.

	Nearby, Flemming and Hurley watch.


					
			Masturbating in a man's camper! We're
			dealing with two sick individuals. I want
			that camper torn apart, full cavity
			searches all around.

	SNAP! SFX as Agent Hurley puts on her rubber gloves and leads Tom 
	and Marcy away.

	Agent Bork runs up to Flemming.


			Chief - just came in! Two days ago,
			Express Airways had a disturbance by
			someone calling himself - Cornholio. Guess
			who matches the description?

	He holds up a police sketch of Cornholio. Flemming walks to a 
	nearby chopper. SOUND of engine revving. Others follow.


			Finally, a real break. Get me that
			flight's point of origin. We're gonna kick
			some ass.




	B&amp;B walk along in the scorching heat. Ahead of them they see a 
	DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked. They are trying 
	to start a camp fire, LAUGHING.


					
			Uh, hey. One of you kids got a match?


					
			Uh, my butt and your...uh, butt.




	Peaceful. Empty. Suddenly dozens of A.T.F. agents break in, guns 
	ready, searching every corner. They tear it apart.




	Agents rush down the business streets. People are in a panic. It's 
	like an invasion.

	ANGLE ON ELITE MOTOR LODGE - ON B&amp;B'S TV SET as agents rush by, 
	knocking it over with a crash.




	Guitar in hand, Van Driessen sings:


			She flies so gracefully,
			over rocks, trees and sand. Soaring over
			cliffs and gently
			floating down to land.
			She proudly lifts her voice
			to sound her mating call.
			And soon her mate responds
			by singing... "Caw, Caw, Caw."
			Come with me, Lesbian Seagull.
			Settle down and rest with me...

	Suddenly dozens of A.T.F. agents crash into the room. The door 
	bashes in, knocking Van Driessen down hard and crushing his 
	guitar.

	Flemming enters. Behind him, McVicker.

					McVICKER
			Uh...uh...uh that's him. He's their
			teacher.


			What's going on here?


			I'll ask the questions. Are these your
			students?

	He shows a picture of B&amp;B.


			I assume you're a government agent. I
			would think you would know there's
			something in this country called due
			process.


			That's about the kind of talk I'd expect
			from the guy who taught these two. Take
			this scum away.


			I believe I'm supposed to be read my
			Miranda Rights...

	An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut. He's taken 
	away. Flemming turns menacingly to McVicker.

					McVICKER
			I...I...I always knew they were no good.
			I... I... I hate them!


					
			You've been harboring two criminal
			masterminds!

	Bork rushes up to Flemming with a paper.


			Chief, you know that guy whose camper they
			were whacking off in?


					
			Bork! You are a federal agent. You
			represent the United States Government...
			Never end a sentence with a preposition.
			Try again.


			Oh, ah... You know that guy in whose
			camper they... I mean that guy off in
			whose camper they were whacking?


			That's better. Yes?


			We've run a sample through the National
			Criminal Sperm Bank and come up with two
			possible genetic matches for a father.
			

	TIGHT ON PHOTO. It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.


			Former Motley Crue members turned
			drifters.

	Flemming takes the paper and marches off. Others follow.






	B&amp;B and the Dumn abd Dumber Guys are sitting around a campfire. 
	The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt-
	Head. The Dumber Guy is a couple of evolutionary scales down from 
	Beavis. Their relationship is an exaggerated version of B&amp;B's.

	Butt-Head is staring at the Dumb Guy in admiration. Beavis, like 
	the Dumber Guy, appears to be just staring at the fire, 
	hypnotized. Dumb Guy is eating spaghetti out of a can.


			You were a roadie for Motley Crue?


					
			Yup. Huh huh.


			Fire.


			Here's another true story. About fifteen
			years ago, we stopped in this, uh, toilet,
			called Highland...


			Really? That's where we're from.


			Well, then you know what I'm talking
			about. Anyway, here's the story. I
			scored with these two chicks. True story.


			You scored with two chicks?!


					
			Yeah, they were sluts. Huh huh huh.


			Ih hih hih hih hih hih.

	Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.


			Shut up, dumb-ass! You didn't score. I
			scored with both of them...


			Uh, do you think these two sluts still
			live in Highland? That would be cool.


					
			Hey, you wanna see something really cool?
			Huh huh huh.

	Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to 
	drop his pants.




	The campfire is in the distance, middle of nowhere. A flatulant 
	sound is heard. Suddenly, a big beautiful purple and orange 
	fireball erupts, lighting up the sky.


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh huh.


			Fire.




	B&amp;B wake up. The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone. The sun is 
	scorching.

	B&amp;B inch forward - spent, dehydrated, near death.

	ANGLE ON GROUND as B&amp;B collapse into frame. Butt-Head looks up at 
	the sun, squinting.


					
			The sun sucks.

	A vulture picks at Beavis' shirt. Beavis SMACKS the vulture.


					
			Cut it out butt-hole!

	The vulture moves revealing a PEYOTE CACTUS. Beavis looks at it.


			Hey Butt-Head, isn't there supposed to be
			like, water in cactuses?


					
			Uh...

	Beavis takes a bite of the cactus, chews and then coughs.


					
			Hey Beavis, check it out.

	IN FRONT OF B&amp;B: Two vultures start humping.


					
			Huh huh huh .




	START ON SUN - over B&amp;B?

	REVEAL it's over Muddy who looks at a picture of B&amp;B held by an 
	A.T.F. agent.


			No, I can't say I've seen 'em. I sure hope
			it's safe to drive around here.


			Don't worry, sir. Just stick to the main
			roads. If they're around, they're probably
			hiding out in the desert.


			That's good to know, Officer.

	Muddy takes off with a smile and turns off onto a side road.




	B&amp;B barely crawling forward. Butt-Head stops, then Beavis. They're 
	barely able to talk.


			Hey Butt-Head, are we gonna die?


			Uh, probably, huh huh...Whoa, I think my
			life is like, flashing in front of my
			eyes!

	BUTT-HEAD'S VISION. Through time-lapse dissolves we see him 
	sitting on his couch with Beavis, laughing like an idiot in the 
	exact same positions at age 2, 5, 7, 10, 13.


			Whoa, my life is cool!




			Uh... I think I'm seeing something too.
			It's like a really long time ago...

	BEAVIS' VISION: Beavis as a sperm cell swimming through a uterus. 
	It's a sperm cell with the face of Beavis on it.


			Yeah, heh heh. This is gonna be cool.

	Beavis/Sperm swims over to the egg.

	With its own tail the Beavis/Sperm starts picking its nose.


			Hey, how's it goin'? Heh heh heh.

	Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg. His 
	conception looks like a dumb accident.




			Yeah, heh heh I scored.

	Animated bubbles appear around Beavis' head.


			Hey Butt-Head, I'm starting to feel weird.
			I think I'm freaking out.


			Huh? Huh huh.


			Whoa, this is cool! Heh heh. It's like,
			everything looks all weird and...

	BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors 
	start shifting.


			...and... Whoa!...and it's like there's
			all these weird shapes and it's sort of
			like,...it's like...like a MUSIC VIDEO!!!

	Tight on Beavis' face staring in wonder.

	THIS IS WHERE THE MUSIC VIDEO/HALLUCINATION SEQUENCE BEGINS. It 
	could even be so shameless as to actually have a chyron in the 
	lower left hand corner.

	I would like to have a band  do a version of 
	something like, "Fire," by The Crazy World of Arthur Brown. This 
	is the song that begins, "I am God of Hellfire and I bring you... 
	fire!"

	The concept of this will depend somewhat on which band we get, but 
	I would like to see it get pretty wild and surreal. (If it's White 
	Zombie, we could incorporate some of Rob Zombie's artwork.)



	We see the sun above the horizon turn into a giant ball of fire. 
	The ball of fire develops a face and speaks.


			I am God of Hellfire and I bring
			you... Fire...


			Whoa!!! This kicks ass!!!

	THIS IS THE GREATEST VIDEO BEAVIS HAS EVER SEEN. Out of the ball 
	of fire steps a beautiful woman in a bikini.

	At first the video is mostly the God of Hellfire, chicks in 
	bikinis and various images of B&amp;B's TV in all its glory.

	As the video/hallucination continues, it becomes a psychotic mass 
	of naked people, fire, TVs, vultures, B&amp;B head-banging, weird 
	stuff from my high school notebooks, etc.

	At one point we see the God of Hellfire in a Burger World uniform.

	As the song winds down, we incorporate Muddy's car into the 
	surreal imagery. (We should also incorporate their TV, as well as 
	maybe some of the characters from the show that aren't in the 
	movie.)

	Then, we REVEAL Muddy's car actually pulling up to B&amp;B's near-dead 
	bodies.

	The SONG ENDS as Muddy tosses water on B&amp;B. REVEAL they were not 
	far from the side of a road all along.


			Ahhhhghhhhgh!

	B&amp;B snap out of it. They rise and find Muddy hovering over them 
	with a shotgun.


			Aagh! I'm all wet!... Oh, cool.
			Heh heh heh. Water.

	Muddy aims his shotgun at B&amp;B.


			Ah'm gonna enjoy this. Any last words
			b'fore ah kill ya?

	B&amp;B think.


			Uh... Huh huh. I have a couple. Butt
			cheeks, huh huh huh.


			Yeah! Boobs. Heh heh. I just wanna say
			that again. Boobs. Heh heh.


			Ah'm gonna blow you both to hell!


			Cool, huh huh.  Hey Beavis
			that's that dude that's paying us to do
			his wife.


			Oh yeah. Can you just take us to
			Washington? We're gonna meet her there
			and, you know, heh heh hmmm...


			Washington! That's where she was gonna
			meet up with ya?  Damn, she's
			goin' all the way!


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh huh.

	Muddy lowers the gun a bit.


			You know, I just might need you after all.
			Aw right, in the trunk. You're gonna help
			me get mah unit back.

	Muddy pops it open. B&amp;B climb in. Muddy closes the trunk on them 
	and walks to the front of the car. HOLD ON THE TRUNK.


			Boy, it sure is hard to score. Huh huh
			huh.

	Muddy peels out.






	Muddy drives by.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes through a map to Santa Fe.






	Muddy's car drives by. Muddy hears B&amp;B laugh from inside the trunk 
	and turns up the radio to drown it out.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes through a map to Oklahoma City.






	Muddy pumps gas. From inside the trunk:


			Hey Butt-Head, look. A jack. Heh heh.


			Huh huh. Jack. Huh huh.

	INSERT: A RED LINE snakes through a map to Little Rock, Nashville 
	and into Virginia up Rt. 81.




	ANGLE OUTSIDE MUDDY'S TRUNK. From within we hear:


			Hey, Beavis, check it out. I'm jacking
			off!


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.

	Pumping up the jack, they cause the lid of the trunk to start to 
	bend.

	Suddenly, it pops open. B&amp;B are a sweaty mess. They gasp.


			This sucks. Let's get outta here.

	They look out. The road behind them races past at 80 mph. Beavis 
	stares dumbly.


			Uh, you first.


			C'mon, Beavis, just start running really
			fast when you hit the ground. It'll work.


			Okay. I'll go right after you.

	Butt-Head shoves Beavis out of the car.


			Ahhhhghghhghghgh!

	Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - 
	and smashes his butt.


			Owwwwww, my butt!!!!!!

	His body stops in the middle of the road. A huge truck, about to 
	hit him, swerves and jackknifes over the side.

	Behind the truck, several cars screech to a halt, one smashing 
	into the other.



	Butt-Head looks at the road.


			Huh huh huh huh huh. That was cool.

	ANGLE ON MUDDY'S TIRE. It hits a pothole.

	ANGLE ON BUTT-HEAD, shooting out of the trunk, he grabs onto the 
	lid. He bounces against the road again and again.

	Finally, he loses his grip as the lid to the trunk closes.

	ANGLE ON BUTT-HEAD, rolling along the highway.

	A car, about to hit Butt-Head, screeches to a halt. Other cars 
	behind it smash and pile up.

	ANGLE ON ROAD SOME WAYS BACK. On Tom and Marcy in their car.


			Boy, what I wouldn't give for five minutes
			alone with them two little bastards...

	The car ahead of Tom crashes into the car ahead of that. Tom 
	crashes into it. And the car behind crashes into Tom.

	OVERHEAD ANGLE shows cars and trucks behind, crashing, piling up. 
	A massive pile-up.




	Muddy doesn't notice the mess behind him. He drives on.








	ON MEDIVAC helicopters; one landing, another taking off.

	MOVE TO WOMAN TV REPORTER, talking to camera:


			Authorities are calling this the worst
			highway disaster in the nation's
			history...




	Flemming, Bork, and about six other agents look at a map. Behind 
	them, a TV is on with the reporter continuing. Behind the 
	reporter, B&amp;B poke their heads into frame at 45 degree angles, 
	looking like deer in the headlights.


			... Behind me, over 400 vehicles lay
			wrecked or stuck. No one knows what caused
			it, but police have not ruled out the
			possibility of terrorists.

	Bork notices B&amp;B on TV and taps Flemming on the shoulder. Flemming 
	looks.


			Well, I'll be a blue-nosed gopher.


					
			Where did these guys come from?

	Flemming looks at the big map which traces sightings of B&amp;B across 
	America.


			The question is, where are they going.

	He looks again at the TV. On the news, a story about...


			...set for 5:00 tomorrow when
			representatives from around the world will
			meet in Washington for the first such
			peace conference...

	Flemming looks back at the map, and then back at the TV.


			What the hell...? Bork! That bus we picked
			up. Where was it headin'?


					
			D.C., Chief.


					
			Jesus jumped-up... Bork, can you imagine
			what would happen if they set that thing
			off in our nation's capital, or even
			worse, if they sold it to some damned
			foreigner at that conference. (rises and
			puts his fist down) Well, it's not gonna
			happen!




	B&amp;B walk along looking at the wreckage.


			Whoa, this kicks ass! Huh huh huh.


			Yoo-hoo! Travis and Bob Head. Whoo-hoo!

	The tour bus stands nearby. Martha calls from the window.


			Hey Butt-Head it's that chick!


			Uh, oh yeah. Cool. They can take us to
			Washington and we can finally score.

	B&amp;B head into the bus.


			Yeah, heh heh. Umm, isn't Seattle in
			Washington? Heh heh... 'cuz I was
			thinking maybe we could go see Hole.


			Yeah. We can go see Hole and then we can
			get some hole. Huh huh huh huh.

	INSERT: MAP. The RED LINE snakes right up to D.C.








	ANGLE ON BUS WINDOW. Several seniors press their faces to see.



	ANGLE ON BUS WINDOW. More seniors rush to the window to see.



	ANGLE ON BUS WINDOW. B&amp;B press their bare asses.




	The seniors and B&amp;B get off the bus.

	As soon as they're out of sight, Dallas drives up and sees the 
	Tour Bus. She smiles to herself.




	Dark. Isolated.

	Dallas pulls up and gets out of her car. Suddenly, a voice:


			'Spectin' someone?

	Dallas wheels around. Muddy's got a gun on her.


			Well, well. Look at this. The love of my
			life. Where have you been?

	Muddy moves towards Dallas. She steps back.


			Honey, I was gonna split it with you after
			I sold it, right down the middle. I swear.
			I just...


			Sure you were. But now you don't have to
			go through all that bother.

	Dallas moves seductively towards Muddy.


			Come on Muddy. Whatd'ya say we just
			forget about it and go get a room like old
			times...

	Muddy cocks his gun.


			I don't think so. Where is it?




	B&amp;B walk up to the information booth where a HOST makes an 
	announcement.


					
			All Senators are requested for a vote. All
			Senators are requested for a vote.

	A bell accompanies this announcement.


					
			Can I help you?


			Yeah, we're looking for Washington.


			Huh huh. We're gonna meet this chick with
			really big hooters.


			Sirs, you are in Washington.


			Well where is she?!


			Could you, like, tell her we're ready to
			score?


			No! Just a moment...

	She turns to the side to answer the phone.




	Six Senators sit behind a panel. BOB PACKWOOD testifies across 
	from them.


			Thank you for returning, Senator Packwood,
			to help us understand how sexual
			harassment happens in this sacred
			institution.

	Suddenly, SOUND OF BUTT-HEAD over the PA.


			Uh... Attention, attention! We're looking
			for that chick with the big boobs.


			Heh heh. We wanna do her now!


			Hey! Gimme tha...


			Huh huh huh huh huh.

	ANGLE ON PACKWOOD - smiles.


			Huh huh huh huh huh.




	Classic wide, overhead shot. SOUND of all Senators.


			Huh huh huh huh huh.




	Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back. He crosses to 
	his trunk.


			You forgot who yer dealin' with, Honey. Ya
			see, I got your mules right here in my
			trunk and...

	Muddy pops the trunk. It's empty.


			Say what?... I'm gonna kill 'em!!!


			No honey we're gonna kill 'em.

	Dallas, still tied up, starts kissing Muddy. He gives in.




	ANGLE ON B&amp;B getting on the bus last.




	Butt-Head sits. Beavis pauses, still standing.


			Hey wait a minute. What's going on? Why
			are we getting back on the bus?


			It's time to go son.


			We can't leave! We never met that chick!
			Dammit!!! We were supposed to get some!


			Huh huh huh. Settle down Beavis.


			Oh yeah,...I mean no. NO! I won't settle
			down! Not this time!...

	Beavis is shaking, fed up. He delivers the speech of his life.


			Dammit, this always happens! I think I'm
			gonna score and then I never score! It's
			not fair! We've traveled a hundred miles
			'cause we thought we were gonna score, but
			now it's not gonna happen!


					
			Hey buddy, sit down! Now!


			SHUT UP!  I'm sick and tired
			of this! We're never gonna score! It's
			just not gonna happen! We're just gonna
			get old like these people, but they've
			probably scored!


					
			Hey! I'm warning you! Sit down!


			It's like this chick's a slut (motioning
			to Martha)... and look at this guy!...
			He's old but he's probably scored a
			million times!


					
			Ohh yeah.


			But not us! We're never gonna score! WE'RE


	The bus driver tackles Beavis.




	In a tight shot, we see Muddy and Dallas humping away in the back 
	seat .

	We hear the sound of a door opening.




			Well look what we have here. You two make
			me sick... Book 'em Bork.


			You don't have anything on us and you know
			it.


			Oh I don't huh? How about lewd conduct?
			Maybe indecent exposure?...
			Here's what's gonna happen. One of you's
			gonna make a deal and get me the unit. The
			other can spend the next sixty years in
			jail.


			There you're wrong, boy. Me and mah wife
			are back together and you'll never...


			He stole the unit. Said he put it in some
			kid's pants.


			Why you damn little...

	He's cuffed and dragged away.




	The driver sits down and drives on.

	Beavis is slightly beat up. Martha reaches into her purse, filled 
	with prescription medications.


			Now Travis, it doesn't do a body good to
			get all worked up. Here. This should help
			you relax.

	She holds up a box of NoDrowz and squints at the label.


			Does that say Xanax?


			Um, um, yeah, probably. Heh heh.

	Beavis takes a couple, then starts wolfing down the whole box.




	Flemming's on the radio. Bork checks a tour guide.


					
			Okay, boys and girls, our suspects are on
			a tour bus we believe to be headed for...
			 the White House! Jumpin'
			Jesus! I want everyone there. Our people.
			Locals. Orders are shoot to kill. Repeat!
			Shoot to kill!


			Chief, I swear, we tore that bus apart.
			They couldn't have...


			Bork, when this is all over, remind me to
			make you an appointment with Agent Hurley.




	All manner of police, A.T.F., F.B.I. cars speed along.




	B&amp;B and the seniors walk from the bus to the White House. Beavis 
	is starting to shake as he finishes off the NoDrowz.

	NEARBY, Anderson's camper pulls up.




	The seniors and B&amp;B are being led on a tour. B&amp;B in back. Beavis 
	is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.

	As the tour moves on, Beavis stays behind. He goes over to a 
	coffee-serving cart sitting outside a meeting room. He starts 




	The tour is led by a smiling guide, SANDY.


			Welcome to the White House. My name is
			Sandy, and I'll be your tour guide. In
			case you don't know it, you've come on a
			very special day. Today...

	She points to the camera crews outside the window.




	ON A NEWS REPORTER, facing camera. Behind her, a large gathering 
	before a stage.


			Today, representatives from around the
			world are gathered at the White House for
			an historic global conference called: Give
			Peace A Chance - or G-PAC.




	A.T.F., Police and F.B.I. cars arrive.




	The tour stands in the East Room.


			This is the East Room. Many of the
			portraits you see were saved from the fire
			set by the British in 1814...

	Beavis is shaking, babbling, staring at his fist, etc.


			Heh heh. Fire. Heh heh Aaaaeeehhhhg!!!


			What's your problem Beavis?


			...The site for the White House was chosen
			by President Washington and Pierre
			L'Enfant...

	Beavis now has his T-shirt pulled over his head and is pacing 
	around and babbling. He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.


			L'enfentatta tiitatta for my bunghole!


			Sir, are you okay?


			Are you threatening me?! I am Cornholio!


			Sir, maybe you should wait out in the
			lobby.

	Beavis/Cornholio wanders off, muttering.


			In thees lobby, wheel there be T.P.?




	ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.


			You don't understand. National security is
			at stake here. We must evacuate.


			Not without proper authorization.




	A group of foreign dignitaries is being led through the hallway on 
	a tour. Two of them chat in Spanish.

	We see Beavis coming down the hall in the opposite direction.


			El Presidente es un gringo muy gordo, no?


			Si.

	They pass Beavis babbling - riffing off their Spanish.


			Gr-r-ringo! Burrito! R-r-anddatattta!!

	Beavis turns around and stops.


			I am Cornholio! I need T.P. for my
			bunghole! Heh heh heh.

	The group continues down the hall, ignoring Beavis.


					
			Would you like to see my bunghole?

	Beavis leaves.




	Tom and Marcy Anderson gaze at a portrait of Eisenhower.


					
			Where are ya when we need ya Ike... (to
			Marcy) I tell ya what, Honey, with all we
			been through, it don't change a thing. I
			said it before and I'll say it again. This
			is the greatest country on earth...

	Beavis/Cornholio wanders by behind them. Tom turns to look.

	TOM'S BLURRY P.O.V.: We see Beavis/Cornholio wander down the hall 



					
			Say, that looks like... Nah, it couldn't
			be.




	Beavis comes around a corner and stops at a portrait of Nixon.

	ANGLE ON PORTRAIT. Nixon doing classic victory pose - peace signs 
	with both hands up.

	ANGLE ON BEAVIS. His hands also up in the Cornholio pose. He 
	stares for a beat, then:


			Are you threatening me?!... I am
			Cornholio!

	Beavis wanders off.




	The press secretary is giving a conference. The room is packed 
	with reporters.


			Yes, the president does plan to speak
			today at the G-PAC conference.


					
			Mr. Secretary! Mr. Secretary! What about
			the rumors that a biological weapon has
			been stolen and smuggled out of the
			country at this conference. Mr. Secretary!


			Those rumors are entirely unfounded...

	While this goes on: Through a doorway in the back of the room, we 
	see Beavis wander out of frame and then come back in.

	He starts WOLFING DOWN MORE SUGAR CUBES from a coffee serving 
	cart.


			I am the great Cornholio. I am a gringo...






	A.T.F. and Secret Service agents argue.

	Several S.W.A.T. trucks pull up.

	S.W.A.T. team guys jump out of trucks and load guns.




	The tour stands in a giant, elegant dining room.


			This is the State Dining Room where the
			most powerful world leaders are
			entertained.


			Uh, where's the TV? Huh huh huh. Hey
			Beavis,... Beavis?

	Butt-Head wanders off.


			This house sucks.




	A Secret Service guard is talking on radio/phone.


			Evacuation?... Probably just another bomb
			threat or something... OK.

	The guard walks off down the hallway, leaving his post.

	From the other end of the hallway we see Beavis/Cornholio enter, 
	still babbling.




	Beavis wanders in and finds no one around. He shouts in 
	frustration.


			I am the great Cornholio! Heh heh. You
			will cooperate with my bunghole!

	He picks up the red phone and presses the button again and again.




	The war room. A LIEUTENANT picks up the red phone.




			Yes, Mr. President.


					
			I am Meester President! I have no
			bunghole! I am Cornholio!


			Mr. President, I can't make out what
			you're saying.


					
			Bungholio! Presidente! I need teepee!

	A GENERAL comes by.


					
			Sir, the President sounds strange.
			Something's going on. I don't think it's a
			drill.


			Washington may be under attack. Go to
			Defcon 4.

	ANGLE ON LIEUTENANT'S HAND, moving to push a button. Alarms sound.

	ANGLE ON BIG MAP. A sign flashes: DEFCON 4. Soldiers run through 
	frame.




	The seniors, along with other tourists and dignitaries are 
	escorted out of the building.




	A.T.F. agents rush by. We HOLD here after they go. Butt-Head walks 
	by, unaware.

	Butt-Head walks around and opens a door. The door to CHELSEA 
	CLINTON'S room.

	Inside, she's folding clothes. (NOTE: If Clinton is not reelected, 
	the shot will be wider, revealing she's packing a suitcase)


					
			Whoa! Huh huh uh,...  Hey, baby.
			Huh huh, I noticed you have braces. So do
			I, huh huh.




	We HOLD ON A WIDE SHOT of the back of the White House for a beat. 
	Then:

	We see Butt-Head come CRASHING out of a second-story window - 
	thrown by Chelsea. He lands deep in the bushes below.

	ANGLE ON the bushes.


			Huh huh huh. That was cool.

	We see Butt-Head slowly emerge from the bushes. He looks up, 
	suddenly seeing:

	DOZENS OF A.T.F. AGENTS surround him, rifles trained.


					
			This is the coolest thing I have ever
			seen.

	Flemming steps up.


			Alright, where's the unit?


			Uh, in my pants?

	Bork and others quickly frisk Butt-head.


			Not on him, Chief.


			Agent Hurley...

	Hurley steps forward.


			... I want you to give this scumbag a
			cavity search. I'm talking Roto-Rooter.
			Don't stop 'till you reach the back of his
			teeth.

	Butt-Head is led away.




	Beavis is on the red phone. He goes through the President's 
	drawers.


					
			Mr. President, the bombers are scrambled.
			Sir, we're awaiting your final orders.


			I order you to surrender your T.P.!




	The General grabs the phone from the Lieutenant.


			Gimme that!  Mr. President, in
			the name of all that is holy, I must have
			those launch codes!


					
			Are you threatening me? Bungholio!

	Click. Beavis hangs up.




	Beavis walks out of the Oval Office.


			Presidente Bungholio! You will cooperate
			with my bunghole!




	Hurley steps out of a van to speak with Flemming and Bork. She 
	pulls off a LONG GLOVE that goes almost to her shoulder.

	Butt-Head sits, disheveled.


			Uh, huh huh, did I just score?


			He's clean, chief.


			The other guy must have it. He's gotta be
			in here somewhere.  Bring
			him.

	Flemming, Bork and the other agents take off.




	In the main reception area, Beavis is surrounded by a few FOREIGN 
	DIGNITARIES who try to make sense of what he is saying.


			Que es un "bunghole"? Que lengua es?
			Arabigo?


			De donde eres tu?


			Arabigo? I am the Great Cornholio. I have
			no bunghole. Where I come from there is no


	A White House representative comes up. He assumes Beavis is with 
	the dignitaries.


			I'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience
			gentlemen, but we're going to have
			outside for a moment. Follow me please.

	He leads them out, including Beavis who continues to babble.


			You can run but you cannot hide from the
			Almighty Bunghole! Heh heh hmm.




	Beavis/Cornholio and the dignitaries are escorted out. Beavis, 
	unnoticed, keeps walking.

	Beavis, walking along stops. He sees something.


			Aaaaahh...

	ON BEAVIS' P.O.V. across the street, we see what Beavis is looking 
	at:



	ANGLE ON BEAVIS. He takes the picture of Dallas out of his pocket.

	TIGHT ON the picture of Dallas.

	TIGHT ON Anderson's camper.

	TIGHT ON Beavis.


			Aaaahh, heh heh...

	Beavis looks alternately at the camper and the picture a couple of 
	times, and then walks across the street.


			Booiiing! Ptang ptang! Wagh-hah!!!

	Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.

	A Secret Service agent walks by, just missing Beavis.




	Tom and Marcy enjoying a moment.


			Boy I tell ya what, it really makes ya
			proud. I could stay here all day.

	An A.T.F. agent comes up and interrupts Tom.


			Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave...


			Now wait just a minute...


			Now!

	NEARBY, Flemming and Bork are showing the police sketch of 
	Cornholio to Sandy and questioning her.

	Bork sees Anderson walk by from a distance.


			Say chief, isn't that guy whose
			camper,...I mean, off in whose...


					
			Not now Bork.




	From inside the camper we hear THE STRANGEST CORNHOLIO SOUNDS YET.

	ANGLE ON the front of the camper. Tom and Marcy walk up.


			I tell ya what honey, this country's goin'
			to Hell in a handbasket.

	They get in the front. Tom adjusts the side-view mirror.


			I'm gonna go over right now and talk to my
			Congressman about this...

	TOM'S P.O.V.: In the side-view mirror we see the camper SHAKING 
	and hear Beavis/Cornholio.


			Ooooaaaaaghhh!!! Whack-awhack-aaaaghh!!!


			What the hell?...Wait here a minute...

	Tom gets out and goes into the camper.



	Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door. Beavis is in his 
	underwear with his T-shirt still pulled over his head.


			And if I ever catch ya whackin' in here
			again I'm gonna hog-tie ya! 
			Now I gotta straighten up in here.

	Tom goes back in the camper.


			You have offended my bunghole!




	Bork reports to Flemming. Butt-Head is held by two agents.


			We just cleared all four floors. No sign
			of him.


			Damn! Where the hell is he? We should've
			found him by now.

	Bork sees something. It's Beavis, about a hundred yards away.


			Chief, look!


					
			Attention all units. We've got him. He's
			in front of a camper in the visitor's lot.




	Beavis stands, T-shirt still over his head. Suddenly, dozens of 
	agents surround him, pointing guns at him. Beavis seems oblivious 
	to the danger.


			I am the great Cornholio! I will lay waste
			to your bunghole! Heh heh.

	BEHIND THE AGENTS, Flemming approaches and gives orders.


			OK, nobody shoot. He could still have the
			unit on him. Keep your distance. We don't
			wanna take a chance on hitting it.


			Where are his pants?


			Who knows?

	Beavis reaches to scratch his butt. Agents step back, cautious.

	Flemming picks up a bullhorn and addresses Beavis.


			This is Agent Flemming, A.T.F.. We won't
			hurt you. We just want the unit. Tell us
			where the unit is.


			Do you have T.P.? T.P. for my bunghole?


			We'll get you whatever you want. (to
			agents) Get that other kid. We might need
			him.


			Do you have any oleo? Heh heh.


					
			This is Bork. We need some T.P. and
			some... What's he say?

	ANGLE BEHIND AGENTS. Butt-Head is brought in by two agents.


			Whoa, this rules! Can I have a gun too?
			Huh huh huh.

	ON BEAVIS. He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.


			You must bow down to the Almighty
			Bunghole.  Heh heh, this is cool.
			 Bungholio-o-o-o-o-o!


					
			He's jerkin' us off. I think we're gonna
			have to take him out. Get ready to fire on
			my orders...  This is your
			last chance. Give us the unit now...


			 Why does everyone wanna see my
			schlong?  I am the
			one-and-only-almighty-bungholiooo!


					
			OK boys. Get ready to fire on the count of
			three.  I'm gonna give you
			three seconds...

	ANGLE ON AGENTS taking aim, cocking their guns.


					
			One...

	ANGLE ON BEAVIS, chanting.


			Cornholio-o-o-o-o...




			Uh, huh huh huh.


					
			...Two...


			...o-o-o-eieee-ooooeeeooooo...


					
			Thrr...

	Suddenly Tom Anderson throws open his camper door, holding Beavis' 
	pants.


			And take yer damn pants with ya...!
			 What in the hell...?


					
			THE PANTS!!! He's got the unit!

	Suddenly all guns are on Anderson.


					
			Drop the pants! Now!


			Wait a minute. I ain't the one...



	A S.W.A.T. TEAM GUY lunges at Tom, grabbing the pants.

	Tom pulls away, causing the pants to RIP. THE UNIT GOES FLYING.

















	The agents all stare at Butt-Head - quiet, not sure what to do.

	Butt-Head hands it to Flemming, nonchalant.


			Uh, here ya go. Huh huh huh.

	The crowd CHEERS.



	Tom is handcuffed roughly.


			Now wait just a minute...

	An agent comes out of the camper with the picture of Dallas. Bork 
	grabs it and shows it to Tom.


			How do you explain this?

	Flemming approaches Tom.


			Sooo, using two innocent teenagers as
			pawns in your sick game, huh?


			I don't know what the hell...


					
			Take him away.

	Anderson is dragged away past a group of young, boy-scout types 
	who shake their heads in shame.

	ANGLE ON Beavis and Butt-head being interviewed by a reporter. 
	Beavis is in his underwear. Tom is being dragged away in the 
	background.


			I always thought there was something wrong
			with him. Heh heh heh.


			Yeah, he had a lot of problems. Huh huh
			huh.


			Yeah, and um, he used to hit me too.


					
			Uh hey, does anyone wanna see my unit?


			Huh huh huh huh huh huh.






	Later. Establish. Most A.T.F. cars are pulling out.




	B&amp;B sit as Flemming paces in front of them. Beavis is no longer 
	Cornholio.


			I gotta admit, I didn't believe it. I
			thought you were scum. But you saved more
			lives today than you'll ever know. You led
			us to one of the sickest criminals in our
			history. This country owes you a debt.


			Uh, does that mean, like, we're gonna get
			money and stuff?


			Yeah, and chicks! We were supposed to
			score.


			For security reasons, your actions will
			have to remain top secret. But someone
			very special wants to give his thanks.

	Flemming motions to the big chair. The PRESIDENT swivels around 
	and rises to shake hands with B&amp;B.


			Beavis and Butt-Head. On behalf of all
			your fellow Americans, I extend my deepest
			thanks. You exemplify a fine new crop of
			young Americans who will grow into the
			leaders of this great country.


			Huh huh huh. He said crap. Huh huh.


			Heh heh. This guy's cool.


			In recognition for your great service, I'm
			appointing you honorary agents in the
			Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.


			Whoa, huh huh!!!

	The President hands them citations.


			You hear that, Beavis! We're gonna get
			alcohol, tobacco and guns!


			Yeah, maybe some chicks too. Heh heh.

	B&amp;B leave the office, muttering.


			Cigarettes and beer rule! Huh huh.


			Yeah! We're with the bureau of cigarettes
			and chicks! We're gonna score!


			Huh huh huh huh huh.




	A plane lands.




	As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&amp;B 
	deplane.


			Uh... bye-bye.


			Heh heh. Bye bye. Heh heh.




	Walking home, B&amp;B pass the motel. They notice the sign for big 
	screen TV. They stop and look at it.


			You know what else sucks? We never even
			got a TV.

	ON BEAVIS, seeing something, amazed, ecstatic.


			Heh mmm, hey mmm Butt-Head! Look!

	Heavenly MUSIC. B&amp;B stare at the wonder before them.

	ANGLE ON THEIR TV, mangled, partly-crushed junk.


			Yes! Yes! Yes! Huh huh huh.

	B&amp;B run up to the set like it was their lost and found dog.




	B&amp;B walk off into the distance with the TV.


			Hey Butt-Head, do you think we're ever
			gonna score?


			Uh, I probably will, but not you. You're
			too much of a butt-monkey. Huh huh.


			Shut up, dill-hole.


			Butt-dumpling...


			Turd-burglar...


			Dill-wad...


			Bunghole...


			Butt-snatch...


			Um, uh, butt... um, hole. Butt-hole...


			Uh... dill, um, face...


			Um... ass... head...


			Uh... butt-snatch...


			You already said that, Butt-Head.


			Oh, uh, I mean, uh, ass-goblin...


			Huh huh huh...

	B&amp;B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.






