




                         
                         
                         
                         
                                      Written by

                          Charlie Wachtel &amp; David Rabinowitz

                                         and

                              Kevin Willmott &amp; Spike Lee









                         

                         
          Scarlett O'Hara, played by Vivian Leigh, walks through the
          Thousands of injured Confederate Soldiers pulling back to
          reveal the Famous Shot of the tattered Confederate Flag in
          "Gone with the Wind" as The Max Stein Music Score swells from
          Dixie to Taps.
                         

                       They say they may have lost the
                       Battle but they didn't lose The War.
                       Yes, Friends, We are under attack.
                         

                         

                         
          Shot on Grainy COLOR 16MM EKTACHROME Film, The NARRATOR
          BEAUREGARD, a Middle Aged but handsome, White Male, sits at a
          desk, a Confederate Flag on a stand beside him. Very
          Official. He is not a Southerner and speaks with articulation
          and intelligence.
                         

                       You've read about it in your Local
                       Newspapers or seen it on The Evening
                       News. That's right. We're living in
                       an Era marked by the spread of
                       Integration and Miscegenation.
                         

                         

                         
          being escorted into CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL, Little Rock,
          Arkansas by The National Guard.
                         


                       The Brown Decision forced upon us by
                       The Jewish controlled Puppets on the
                       U.S. Supreme Court compelling White
                       children to go to School with an
                       Inferior Race is The Final Nail in a
                       Black Coffin towards America becoming
                       a Mongrel Nation.
                         

                         
          Segregation Signs. Antebellum Photos. Happy Slaves in Old
          Movies. Masters inspecting their Cotton and Tobacco with
          their Slaves in The Fields. Blacks shining Shoes and working
          as Butlers, Porters and Maids.


                       We had a great way of Life before The
                       Martin Luther Coon's of The World...
                         

                         
          The Billboard of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. sitting in the
          front row of a Classroom it reads: Martin Luther King in a
          Communist Training School.
                         

                       ...and their Army of Commies started
                       their Civil Rights Assault on our
                       Holy White Protestant Values.
                         

                         

                       Do you really want your precious
                       White Child going to School with
                       Negroes?
                         
          Footage of Black and White Children playing together,
          innocent.
                         
          Beauregard now stands by a Large Screen and points at The
          Screen.
                         

                       They are Lying, Dirty Monkeys...
                         
          FOOTAGE and STILLS of Stereotype Blacks Coons, Bucks and
          shining Black Mammies. Black Soldiers in D. W. Griffith's
          "Birth of a Nation" pushing Whites around on the Street.
                         

                         

                       ...Stopping at nothing to gain
                       Equality with The White Man.
                         
          Images and Scientific charts of Blacks compared to Apes and
          Monkeys.
                         

                         

                       ...Rapists, Murderers...Craving The
                       Virgin, Pure Flesh of White Women.
                       They are Super Predators...

                         
          LYNCH, The MULATTO, lusting after our LILLIAN GISH in "Birth
          of a Nation." Other Lusting Images of Craving Black
          Beasts!!! SEXUAL PREDATORS!!!
                         

                         
          KING KONG on Empire State Building with Fay Wray in his hand.
          GUS in "Birth of a Nation" chasing a White Woman he wants to
          Rape.
                         

                         

                         
          A Stereotype illustration of Jews controlling Negroes.
                         

                       ...and the Negro's insidious tactics
                       under the tutelage of High Ranking
                       Blood Sucking Jews! Using an Army of
                       outside...
                         
          Beauregard continues.
                         

                         

                       ...Northern Black Beast Agitators...
                         
          Footage of The March on Washington.
                         

                         

                         

                       ...determined to overthrow The God
                       Commanded and Biblically inspired
                       Rule of The White Race.
                         

                         
          An image of an All-American White Nuclear Family.
                         

                         
          Bouregard gives his Final Words.
                         

                       It's an International... Jewish...
                       Conspiracy.
          WE HEAR and end with the Corny Stinger of Music that goes
          with these Education and Propaganda Films!
                         

                         

                         

                         
          Superimposed: Early 70s
                         
          An amazing contrast. The beautiful landscape of Colorado
          Springs, the City sits nestled within the rugged Mountain
          terrain. The majestic Pikes Peak, the jagged beauty of The
          Garden of the Gods, The plush Broadmoor Resort, The Will
          Rodgers Shrine of The Sun.
                         
                         

                         
          RON STALLWORTH, Black, 21, Handsome, Intelligent, sporting a
          good sized Afro, rebellious but straight laced by most 1970's
          standards.
                         
          Ron stares at an Ad attached to a bulletin board.
                         

                         

          TO APPLY! Ron rips the Ad from the board.
                         

                         


                         
          A drab, white-walled office. Ron sits across the table from
          The Assistant City Personnel Manager, MR. TURRENTINE, Black,
          40's, business like but progressive and CHIEF BRIDGES, White,
          smart, 50's, in a Police Uniform, a Man ready for change.
                         

                       Why weren't you drafted into the
                       Vietnam War?
                         

                       I went to College.
                         

                       How do you feel about Vietnam?
                         

                       I have mixed feelings.

          Would you call yourself a Womanizer?

                       No Sir, I would not.
                         

                       Do you frequent Night Clubs?
                         

                       No Sir.
                         

                       Do you drink?
                         

                       On Special occasions, Sir.
                         

                       Have you ever done any Drugs?
                         

                       Only those prescribed by My Doctor,
                       Sir.
                         
          Turrentine looks at Chief Bridges.
                         

                       That's kind of rare these days for a
                       young Hip Soul Brother like you.
                         

                       I know but my Father was in The
                       Military and I was raised up the
                       Right way, Sir.
                         

                       How are you with people, generally?
                         

                       Sir, they treat me right, I treat
                       them right, like I already said I was
                       raised...
                         

                       ...Have you ever had any negative...
                         
          Mr. Turrentine jumps in, impatient.
                         

                       ...What would you do if another Cop
                       called you a Nigger?
                         

                       Would that happen...
                         

                       ...Sheeeeeeettt!!!
          Bridges looks at him. Turrentine waits, Ron doesn't know how
          to respond, finally. Turrentine leans forward.
                         

                       There's never been a Black Cop in
                       this City. If we make you an Officer,
                       you would, in effect, be the Jackie
                       Robinson of the Colorado Springs
                       Police force.
                         
          Mr. Turrentine lets this sink in.
                         

                       And if you know anything about Jackie
                       Robinson you know he had to take a
                       lot of... guff... from his fellow
                       Teammates, from Fans, other Teams,
                       and The Press.
                         

                       I know Jackie's Story, Sir.
                         

                       Good. So, knowing that, when someone
                       calls you Nigger will you be able to
                       turn the other Cheek?
                         
          Ron evaluates the hard reality of the question. Decides.
                         

                       If I need to, yes, Sir.
                         

                       Son, The Mayor and I think you might
                       be The Man to open things up here.
                         
          Ron looks at Chief Bridges.
                         

                       I'll have your back but I can only do
                       so much. The Weight of this is on
                       You...and You alone.
                         
          Ron weighs The Journey ahead.
                         

                         

                         

                         
          Ron sorts a file cabinet of records as OFFICER CLAY MULANEY,
          60's, White, sits on a stool, reading a Magazine clearly
          looking at a Photo of something good.
          Ron looks at the Photo of the Actress Cybill Shepherd.
                         

                       Cybill Shepherd. She was great in The
                       Last Picture Show.
                         

                       Never saw it but what you think?
                         

                       She's a very good Actress.
                         

                       Y'know you want some of that.
                         
          Ron ignores it.
                         

                       Truth be told when I see one of your
                       kind with a White Woman it turns my
                       Stomach.
                         

                       Yeah. Why's that?
                         

                       He could only want one thing.
                         

                       What would that be?
                         

                       You like acting dumb, Y'know.
                         

                       No, I just like my questions to be
                       answered.
                         
          A VOICE of UNIFORMED COP WHEATON calls from the other side of
          the Counter.
                         

                       Hey! Anybody in there? Looking for a
                       Toad here.
                         
          Ron walks to the Counter to see The White and sleep-deprived
          Cop impatiently leaning on his elbows.
                         

                       Get me the record for this Toad named
                       Tippy Birdsong.
                         
          Ron pulls up the File for Tippy Birdsong. The Photo shows a
          Black Man in his twenties.

                       While you're at it, why don't you
                       grab another Toad... Steven Wilson.
                         
          Ron pulls the File... another young Black Male, ANOTHER

                         

                         
          Chief Bridges strides down the hall with SGT. TRAPP a soft-
          spoken White Man in his 40's, they are discussing a File. Ron
          suddenly appears walking with them.
                         

                       While I've got you both here. Sirs,
                       I'd like to be an Undercover
                       Detective.
                         
          Chief Bridges and Sgt. Trapp both stop.
                         

                       What Narcotics?
                         

                       Whatever Department works, Sir.
                         

                       You just joined The Force, Rookie.
                         

                       I know, Sir but I think I could do
                       some good there.
                         

                       Is that right?
                         

                       Well, I'm young. I think there's a
                       niche for me. Get In where I can Fit
                       In.
                         

                       What do you think, Chief?
                         
          Sgt. Trapp sees the logic, looks to Chief Bridges, who stops,
          considering.
                         

                       Think a lot of yourself, don't cha?
                         

                       Just trying to be of help, Chief.
                       Plus, I hate working in The Records
                       room.
          Sgt. Trapp reacts knowing Ron shouldn't have said that about
          the Records Room. CHIEF BRIDGES looks at Ron, matter of fact.
                         

                       Well, I think Records is a good place
                       for you to start, Rookie.
                         

                       Chief, want me clean shaven?
                         

                       Keep it. I like the look.
                         
          Chief Bridges walks off without another word. SGT. TRAPP
          gives a knowing look to Ron, who watches them walk away.
                         

                         
          Ron behind the Counter. MASTER PATROLMAN ANDY LANDERS, White,
          Mid-30's, a regular guy but there is something dangerous
          there, steps up.
                         

                       Need a File on a Toad.
                         
          Ron doesn't respond.
                         

                       You Deaf? I said I need info on a
                       Toad.
                         

                       No Toads here.
                         

                       Excuse me?
                         

                       I said, I don't have any Toads. I do
                       have Human Beings and if you give me
                       their names I can pull the Files.
                         
          Landers scowls. Ron stares back at him, Eye to Eye.
                         

                       Heard you think you Hot Shit but you
                       ain't nuthin' but a Cold Fart. Name's
                       Maurice, Maurice Smalls...That
                       respectful enough for you, Officer
                       Toad.
                         
          Ron pulls The File, throws it down on the Counter as Landers
          snatches The File and storms off.

                         
          As Ron sleeps, a phone rings. Ron snaps awake and grabs at
          the phone on the night table.
                         

                       Hello.

                        It's Bridges. You sleeping?
                         

                        Yes, Chief, I was. Just worked a
                        Night Shift.
                         

                        I changed my mind, you're gonna come
                        in a little earlier today. We've got
                        an assignment for you. 12 Noon.
                        Sharp. Narcotics Division. Wear
                        Street clothes.
                         

                        Yes Sir, see you then. Thank You.
                        Thank You.
                         
          Ron sits up in Bed, excited, thinking about the challenge
          ahead.
                         

                         
          Ron, dressed in Bell-Bottoms and a Hip Italian Knit Shirt,
          Marshmallow Shoes steps inside the Narcotics office, which is
          literally The Basement of The Station. He looks around at The
          Area Buzzing with Activity and sees
                         

                         
          at their desks. Looking less like Cops and more like unkempt
          Hippies or Rock N' Rollers.
                         

                         
          just stands there looking at all the activity.
                         

                         
          waves Ron back to the rear of The Room for privacy.
                         

                         

                        Rookie, you're late.
                         

                        Sorry, it won't happen again.
                         
          Flip, late 30's, long hair, looks like anything but a Cop, he
          however is somewhat of a closed-off guy, all business, Ron
          sits across from him. Chief Bridges steps before them.

                       We've got limited time so I'll be
                       quick. That Black Radical Stokely
                       Carmichael is giving a Speech Tonight
                       at Bell's Nightingale.
                         
          Ron is surprised at this.
                         

                       The Nightclub?
                         

                       No, Emmanuel Missionary Baptist
                       Church!!!
                         
          Flip just listens.
                         

                       Carmichael is a former High Muckity-
                       Muck with The Black Panthers and as
                       far as I'm concerned, FBI Director J.
                       Edgar Hoover was dead right when he
                       said The Black Panthers are The
                       Greatest Internal Threat to The
                       Security of these United States. This
                       Carmichael Joker, former Panther or
                       not, they say he's a Damn Good
                       Speaker and we don't want this
                       Carmichael getting into The Minds of
                       the Black People here in Colorado
                       Springs and stirring them up.
                         
          Ron's face cringes at Chief Bridges's words. He steps to Ron.
                         

                       Ron, your assignment is to go to this
                       Speech tonight and infiltrate these
                       Bunch of Subversives and monitor The
                       Audience reaction to Carmichael. You
                       ready?
                         
          Flip and Chief Bridges stare at Ron.
                         

                       Born Ready.
                         

                         
          Ron stands, his shirt off, as Flip wires a Wireless
          Transmitter and Microphone to his body. Another Narcotics
          Cop, JIMMY CREEK, 30's, observes the installation.
                         

                       Any chance this thing Fucks Up?

                       Fuck yeah.
                         

                       Then what?
                         

                       Just stick to The Game Plan.
                         

                       Which is?
                         

                       Improvise. Like Jazz. This isn't some
                       Big Bust. We just want some Intel,
                       that's it.
                         

                       What happens if someone offers you a
                       Marijuana Cigarette?
                         

                       You mean a Joint?
                         

                       Yeah.
                         

                       "Soul Brother, I'm already High on
                       Life. Can you Dig It?"
                         

                       And if someone pulls a Gun on you?
                         
          Ron is caught off guard.
                         

                       You expecting that?
                         
          Flip pulls his Gun.
                         

                       Barrel of a 45's in your face, Finger
                       on the Trigger, now what?
                         

                       Blood, get that Gun out my face.
                       Peace Love and Soul.
                         

                       Gun is still in your face.
                         
          Ron gives Jimmy a wary look speaking to Flip.

                       I de-escalate. Talk calmly, firmly.
                       Find a way out of there, A-Sap.
                         
          Jimmy nods, satisfied. Flip is finished with The Wiring. Ron
          takes a deep breath.
                         

                       Relax, we'll be outside, listening
                       in.
                         

                       Can I order a Drink at The Bar?
                         
          Flip steps away, no comment.
                         

                       That's fine, just don't get Shit
                       Faced.
                         

                       Got it?
                         

                       I got it. I'm gone.
                         
          Jimmy laughs, Slaps Ron on the back.
                         

                         
          Ron pulls an unmarked Sedan to the curb. He gets out and
          looks around.
                         
          A Crowded sidewalk overflows into The Street, filling a line
          that Bottlenecks into The Club with the Sign: 
                         

                         

                         
          Ron walks to the back of the line. He becomes an Every
          Brother slowly moving forward as People enter. As he moves
          forward he notices a striking Woman at the Front Door.
                         

                         
          Mid 20's, an Angela Davis Afro, she wears a Hip array of
          Militant wear, Black Leather Jacket, Love Beads but on her it
          looks fantastic. Ron is taken by her Beauty, he watches as
          she monitors the door, clearly in charge.
                         

                       How are you doing, my Soul Sista?
                         
          Patrice gives Ron a good look summing him up.

                       I'm doing fine, my Brother. This is
                       going to be an Amazing Night.
                         

                       Indeed it is.
                         

                       Have you heard Brother Kwame speak
                       before?
                         

                       Who?
                         

                       Kwame Ture.
                         

                       Actually, I haven't, I didn't know he
                       changed his name.
                         

                       Yes, after he moved to Africa. He
                       took the names of Kwame Nkrumah of
                       Ghana and his Mentor Sekou Toure of
                       Guinea to honor The Great Leaders.
                         

                       That's Heavy. Do you know how he got
                       to Colorado Springs?
                         

                       The Colorado College Black Student
                       Union invited Brother Ture.
                         

                       I can dig it. I can dig it. You with
                       The Black Student Union?
                         

                       I'm The President.
                         

                       Right On. Right On.
                         

                         
          The Club is PACKED, a Sea of Black Faces punctuated by an
          occasional White Face. Ron moves through The Crowd. He avoids
          direct Eye Contact, trying like Hell to act casual.
                         
          Ron steps to The Bar and signals The BARTENDER JABBO, 60's,
          Black.

                       Rum and Coke with Lime.
                         
          As Jabbo makes his Drink, something catches Ron's Eye.
          Patrice exits through a door with several Black Bodyguards.
                         
          Ron observes as a Tall figure comes out from Backstage with
          Patrice, ODETTA and HAKEEM. The Tall figure hangs back
          covered by The Bodyguards.
                         
          Ron on his feet, Black Fist in the air with The Crowd.
          Patrice on Stage with Kwame Ture with her Fist raised too.
          The Shouting and Chanting finally cease, as Patrice speaks.
                         

                       The Black Student Union of Colorado
                       College is honored to bring The
                       Vanguard of Revolutionaries fighting
                       for The Rights of Black People all
                       over The World. Let's show some Black
                       Love to The One and Only, The Former
                       Prime Minister of The Black Panther
                       Party, The Brother Man with The Plan
                       who's stickin'it to the Man, put your
                       Hands together my People... for Our
                       Kwame Ture.
                         
          PANDEMONIUM! As Kwame Ture walks onto a small raised stage
          with Patrice. The entire place rises to their Feet, Fists
          Raised, Clapping, Shouting "Ungawa Black Power!" Ron watches
          as Patrice and Kwame hug. Patrice sits on Stage with Odetta
          and Hakeem.
                         
          Kwame soaks in the Crowd's reaction, until...
                         

                       Thank you all for coming out tonight,
                       My Beloved Sista's and Brotha's. I
                       Thank you...
                         

                         
          towering at Six Feet-Four with an infectious smile and
          Flawless Dark Skin, he's oozing Charisma out of every pore.
          He stands behind a small podium.
                         

                       ...I'm here to tell you this evening
                       it is time for you to stop running
                       away from being Black. You are
                       College Students, you should think.

                       It is time for you to understand that
                       you as The growing Intellectuals of
                       this Country, you must define Beauty
                       for Black People, Now that's Black
                       Power.
                         


                         
          The Black Students in The Audience are laser focused on him.
                         

                       Is Beauty defined by someone with a
                       Narrow Nose? Thin Lips? White Skin?
                       You ain't got none of that. If your
                       Lips are Thick, Bite them in. Hold
                       your Nose! Don't drink Coffee because
                       it makes you Black!
                         
          The Audience laughs! Loving it.
                         

                       Your Nose is Boss, your Lips are
                       Thick, your skin is Black, you are
                       Black and you are Beautiful!
                         
          Everyone cheers including Ron!
                         

                       We want to be like The White people
                       that oppress us in this Country and
                       since they hate us, we hate
                       ourselves. You dig Tarzan? I remember
                       that when I was a Boy I used to go
                       see Tarzan Movies on Saturdays. I
                       loved me some Jane too. Jane was A
                       Fine White Woman. White Tarzan used
                       to Beat up The Black Natives. I would
                       sit there yelling "Kill The Beasts,
                       Kill The Savages, Kill 'Em!" Actually
                       I was saying: "Kill Me." It was as if
                       a Jewish Boy watched Nazis taking
                       Jews off to Concentration Camps and
                       cheered them on. Today, I want The
                       Chief to beat The Hell out of Tarzan
                       and send him back to The Caves of
                       Europe. But it takes time to become
                       Free of The Lies and their shaming
                       effect on Black Minds. It takes time
                       to reject the most Important Lie:
                       that Black People inherently can't do
                       the same things White People can do
                       unless White People help them.
          The Audience laughing, overwhelmed, shouting back support! A
          ROAR from The Crowd. Ron finds himself clapping along.
                         

                          Right on!!! Right On!!!
                         
          Ron looks around at everyone caught up in Kwame's spell.
                         

                          If a White Man wants to Lynch Me,
                          that's his Problem. If he's got The
                          Power to Lynch Me, that's My Problem.
                          Racism is not a question of Attitude;
                          it's a question of Power.
                         
          Ron is struck by the remark.
                         

                          The vast majority of Negroes in this
                          Country live in Captive Communities
                          and must endure their conditions of
                          Oppression because and only because
                          they are Black and Powerless. Now We
                          are being shot down like Dogs in the
                          streets by White Racist Police. We
                          can no longer accept this Oppression
                          without retribution. The War in
                          Vietnam is Illegal and Immoral. I'd
                          rather see a Brother Kill a Cop than
                          Kill a Vietnamese. At least he's got
                          a reason for Killing The Cop. When
                          you Kill a Vietnamese you're a Hero
                          and you don't even know why you
                          Killed him. At least if you Kill a
                          Cop you're doing it for a reason.
                         
          Another Applause Break.
                         

                         
          Ron listens, challenged, torn.
                         

                         
          Kwame holds The Crowd in The Palm of his Hand. Members of the
          Audience who were sitting already are rising to their Feet...
                         

                         
          sits, claps vigorously, as if forgetting he is Undercover...
                         


                         In closing I know it's getting late,
                         may I leave you Sista's and Brothers
                         with these Last Words. "If I am not
                         for myself, who will be? If I am for
                         myself alone, who am I? If not now,
                         when? And if not you, who?" We need
                         an Undying Love for Black People
                         wherever We may be. Good Night and


                         
            The BLACK MASS STANDS AS ONE WITH KWAME TURE.
                         




                         
            Caught up in the moment, Ron gathers himself, as if
            remembering why he is here. Kwame takes Patrice's Hand and
            raises it in Celebration and Unity!
                         

                         
            Ron moves down the Greeting Line for Kwame. He watches as
            Patrice stands near him. Kwame pulls her in close, whispers
            something in her ear. She smiles, a bit smitten.
                         
            Ron watches as he finally reaches Kwame, shaking his hand.
                         

                         Brother Ture, do you really think a
                         War between The Black and White Race
                         is inevitable?
           Kwame pulls Ron in close toward his face. Too close.
                         

                         
            Flip and Jimmy wearing Headphones listening react to ear-
            splitting Audio feedback.
                         

                         
            Ron stands mid-grip with Kwame. Nerves pinballing. Kwame
            lowers his voice, looking around conspiratorially.
                         

                         Brother, arm yourself. Get ready.
                         The Revolution is coming. We must
                         pick up a Gun and prepare
                         ourselves...Trust me, it is coming.
                         
            Kwame pulls back. Returns to his normal speaking voice.

                         Thank you for your support, Brother.
                         

                         
            Ron is waiting outside as Patrice steps out, followed by
            Odetta and Hakeem. Ron nears her.
                         

                         I don't know what you have planned
                         now but maybe I could buy you a
                         Drink?
                         

                         I'm waiting for Brother Kwame, I have
                         to make sure he gets back safely to
                         the Hotel and he's squared away.
                         

                         I can dig it.
                         
            Ron starts to walk away.
                         

                         Maybe, if it's not too late, I'll
                         meet you at The Red Lantern. You know
                         where that is?
                         

                         I do.
                         

                         So I'll see you then.
                         

                         Cool. All Power to All The People.
                         

                         
            Black folks are dancing, getting down. At the bar, Ron looks
            at his watch having been there a while. He finishes his Rum
            and Coke with Lime watching the door open but it is not
            Patrice. He decides to call it a Night, stepping off his
            stool, paying his Tab to BRO POPE, The Bartender when...
                         

                         Sorry I'm late...
                         
            Patrice is right there near him. She flops down on the Bar
            stool, exhausted, and lights up a Kool Cigarette.
                         

                         ...You won't believe what happened.
          Patrice says to Bro Pope, The BARTENDER.

                       Bro Pope, Seven and Seven, please...
                       The Pigs pulled us over.
                         

                       Say what?
                         

                       Yeah, they knew Brother Kwame was in
                       Town. Made us get out the Car. Pigs
                       pulled us over for no reason. Total
                       harassment.
                         

                       True?
                         

                       Truth. Do Four Dogs have Four
                       Assholes?
                         

                         

                         
          Patrice's Car is pulled over and a Uniformed Cop gets out his
          Squad Car revealing Master Patrolman Landers. He instructs
          them all with his hand on his Revolver.
                         

                       We're tired of Police Brutality.
                       We're tired of Police Murdering Black
                       Folks.
                         

                       All right everybody out the vehicle.
                       Now!!!
                         
          Kwame, Patrice, Hakeem, and Odetta climb out of the vehicle.
          Landers pushes Kwame against the Car.
                         

                       I don't wanna see nuthin' but Black
                       Asses and Black Elbows. Spread 'em!!!
                         
          Kwame, Patrice, Hakeem and Odetta are all Spread Eagle
          against the Car. Master Patrolman Landers pats them down.
          Another Police Cruiser pulls up. TWO MORE COPS, SHARPE and
          CINCER, both White 50's, get out and observe.
                         

                         
          He takes Extra Time patting down Patrice getting some
          "Groping" in for Good Measure.

                          Search The Car. I know these Niggers
                          are holding something.
                         
          Cincer and Sharpe enter Patrice's Car, searching it. Landers
          turns Kwame around, facing him.
                         

                          You that so called Big Shot Panther
                          Nigger aren't you? Heard you was in
                          Town, Stokely.
                         

                          My Name is Kwame Ture.
                         
          Landers stares him down for a moment. You think he's gonna
          slug him but he thinks better. The other Cops go through the
          Car searching, throwing things around.
                         

                          I know you Black Bastards are
                          holding. What you got in there some
                          Weed, Pills, Heroin?
                         
          Patrice, Kwame, Odetta, and Hakeem and the others just stare
          back, silent.
                         

                          It's clean.
                         
          Nothing more to say. Landers gets in Patrice's Face.
                         

                          You get this Black Panther outta'
                          Colorado Springs before Sunrise. Hear
                          ME??? Or you all go to Jail.
                         

                         

                          Black people were Born in Jail.
                         

                         

                         
          Patrice at the Bar with Ron, he is stunned.
                         

                          Did you see the Officer's names?
                         

                          I know I should have but the whole
                          thing was so frightening... I didn't.
          Bro Pope, The Bartender sets the Drink down. Patrice takes a
          gulp, her hand shaking. Ron observes.
                         

                       I'm sorry.
                         
          Patrice nods, pulls herself together. Ron looks at her,
          softly touches her on her back, trying to comfort, thinking
          to himself, torn in many directions.
                         

                         

                       What was the Room like?
                         

                       Folks were hanging on every word.
                         

                       Sounds like he had them pretty riled
                       up?
                         

                       But I'm not sure that means Black
                       Folks were ready to start a
                       Revolution.
                         

                       What makes you think that?
                         

                       Nobody was talking about that. That
                       wasn't the Mood. Everybody was Cool.
                         

                       So let me get this straight. He told
                       a Crowd of "Black Folks" to get ready
                       for a Race War. That they were going
                       to have to arm themselves and kill
                       Cops. What about that?
                         

                       Yeah, he said that but I think that
                       was just talk. You know, Rhetoric.
                         

                       That's what I thought too.
                         

                       Thank God, Carmichael has left
                       Colorado Springs.

                       Kwame Ture.
                         

                       What?
                         

                       He changed his name from Stokely
                       Carmichael to Kwame Ture.
                         
          Chief Bridges humored by as if he is suppose to care.
                         

                       I don't care if he changed his name
                       to Muhammad Ali, he's still
                       dangerous.
                         
          Chief Bridges starts to leave the room. Ron decides to say
          it.
                         

                       Did you hear the Story Patrice told
                       me about how the CSPD pulled over her
                       and Ture?
                         
          Chief Bridges stops, drinks in the question. Everything goes
          silent. He then gives Ron a deliberate look.
                         

                       No. We didn't hear that.
                         
          From Chief Bridges's look, Ron knows he did. Jimmy, Flip
          stare at Ron. A Big White Elephant in the room.
                         

                       Patrice. Isn't she the one from The
                       Black Student Union? They brought Too-
                       Ray in.
                         

                       Kwame Ture, Correct.
                         

                       You getting pretty Chummy with her?
                         
          If Ron pushes it more he knows it will go bad. He drops it.
                         

                       Just doing my job, Chief. Undercover.
                         

                       Yeah and it better not be Under the
                       Cover Of The Sheets.
                         
          Flip and Jimmy chuckle.

                       I would never jeopardize a Case...
                         

                       ... you don't know what you would do,
                       you just got here.
                         
          Ron takes this in. Dejected.
                         

                       Good work.
                         

                       Rookie.
                         
          Ron nods, appreciative.
                         

                       Ron, let's take a walk.
                         

                         

                         
          Chief Bridges and Ron walk down the hall.
                         

                       I'm transferring you into
                       Intelligence.
                         

                       What will I be doing, Chief?
                         
          Chief Bridges stops and looks at him.
                         

                       Intelligence.
          Chief Bridges walks off. Ron stands there,Jacked!!!
                         

                         
                         

          Ron at his desk in The Intelligence Office in Street Clothing
          among his COLLEAGUES. He sips Lipton Tea with Honey and
          looking through various Publications. He then picks up The
          Colorado Springs Gazette Newspaper.
                         
          CLOSE - Classifieds section of the Newspaper. In the bottom
          right corner, in small print:
                         
          CLOSER - Ku Klux Klan - For Information, Contact 745-1209
          Ron thinks a moment. Then grabs the phone. Dials.
          After a few Rings, a Pre-Recorded Message Pops On:
                         

                          You have reached The Colorado State
                          Chapter of The Ku Klux Klan. Please
                          leave a message... God Bless White
                          America.
                         
          There's a BEEP...
                         

                         

                          Hello, this is Ron Stallworth
                          calling. Saw your Advertisement in
                          The Colorado Springs Gazette. I'm
                          interested in receiving some Reading
                          Materials. My Phone Number is 403-
                          9994. Looking forward to you
                          returning my call. God Bless White
                          America.
                         

                         
          Ron hangs up.
                         
          Flip at another Desk spins around looking at Ron like he has
          3 Heads.
                         

                          Did I just hear you use your Real
                          Name?
                         

                          Motherfucker!!!
                         

                          Yeah, Motherfuckin' Amateur Hour.
                          What were you thinkin'?
                         
          RING!!! RING!!! Ron's Phone. Flip and Ron stare at it. Flip
          gestures to answer it.
                         

                          I wasn't.
                         

                          You dialed. Pick it up.
                         
          RING! RING! Ron looks at the ringing phone.
                         



                       This is Ron Stallworth.
                         
          Through the Receiver, a Gravelly, Secretive Voice.
                         

                       This is Walter. Returning your
                       call... From The Organization.
                         

                       The Organization?
                         

                       Yes. Well we appreciate your
                       interest. So what is your Story, Ron?
                         
          Ron looks around. Shrugs. Might as well do it...
                         

                       Since you asked- I Hate Niggers,
                       Jews, Mexicans, Spics, Chinks but
                       especially those Niggers and anyone
                       else that does not have pure White
                       Aryan Blood running through their
                       Veins.
                         
          All Heads in the Unit turn toward Ron.
                         

                       In fact, my Sister, Pamela, was
                       recently accosted by a Nigger...
                         
          Ron is snarling now, every ounce of his Voice projecting
          White Supremacist Hate. He is utterly convincing.
                         

                       ...Is that so?
                         

                       ...Every time I think about that
                       Black Baboon putting his Filthy Black
                       Hands on her White as Pure Driven
                       Snow Body I wanna Puke!!!
                         
          Silence on the other end of The Line.
                         

                       You're just the kind of Guy we're
                       looking for. Ron, when can we meet?
                         
          Flip, Jimmy and all the other White Undercover Cops are
          Rolling their Eyes. Stepping away, shaking their heads. Some
          wanting to laugh but DON'T.

                       How about Friday night? After I get
                       off work?
                         
          The other Cops are losing their minds, Quietly.
                         

                       Deal! I'll get back to you with
                       details. Take care, Buddy Boy.
                         

                       Looking forward to meeting you.
                         
          Ron looks around. Everyone in the Unit is standing around his
          desk. All White Faces. Looking on, astonished.
                         

                       Good Luck Ron with your New Redneck
                       Friend.
                         
          The Undercover Gang Cracks Up!
                         

                         
          Ron is facing Sergeant Trapp, who sits at his desk, Jaw hung
          slightly open.
                         

                       They want you to join The Klan?
                         

                       Well... they want to meet me First.
                         

                       They want to meet you?
                         

                       I'll need another Undercover to go in
                       my place.
                         

                       Yeah... you probably shouldn't go to
                       that meeting.
                         

                       You think?
                         
          Everyone has a Chuckle.
                         

                       We'd have to go to Narcotics. Meaning
                       we'd have to deal with Bridges.
                         

                       Damn.

                         

                         

                         
               A spacious office, its walls brimming with Books. Chief
               Bridges sits behind a wooden desk, his gaze thoughtful.
                         

                            I can't spare any Men.
                         

                            I've looked over the Logs and it
                            seems you can spare them.
                         

                            Sgt. Trapp, Ron spoke to the Man on
                            the phone. When they hear the Voice
                            of one of my Guys, they'll know the
                            difference.
                         

                            Why so, Chief?
                         

                            Want me to spell it out? He'll know
                            the difference between how a White
                            Man talks and a Negro.
                         

                            What does a Black Man talk like?
                         
               Silence.
                         

                            Ron, I think what The Chief is trying
                            to say is...
                         

                            ...If you don't mind, I'd like to
                            talk for myself, Thank You. How
                            exactly does a Black Man talk?
                         

                            You know... YOU KNOW!!!
                         

                            Chief, some of us can speak King's
                            English and Jive. I happen to be
                            fluent in both.
                         

                            Ron, how do you propose to make this
                            Investigation?

                        I have established contact and
                        created some familiarity with The
                        Klansmen over the phone. I will
                        continue that role but another
                        Officer, a White Officer, will play
                        Me when they meet Face to Face.
                         

                        ...My Point Exactly!!!...
                         
           Ron continues talking to Chief Bridges.
                         

                        Black Ron Stallworth on The phone and
                        White Ron Stallworth Face to Face, so
                        there becomes a combined Ron
                        Stallworth.
                         

                        Can you do that?
                         

                        I believe we can... With The Right
                        White Man.
                         

                         
           Ron steps outside and Chief BRIDGES follows him.
                         

                        If anything happens to my Man there
                        won't be Two Ron Stallworths.
                        There'll be none.
                         

                         
           Ron walks in on Flip and Jimmy looking at him.
                         

                        You're late.
                         

                        I'm sorry. It won't happen again.
                         

                        I heard that somewhere before.
                         

                        Hey, Jimmy when's the last time they
                        let a Rookie head up an
                        Investigation. Oh that's right,

                         
           Ron ignores the slight.

          Can we move on to the Bio, please.

                        ... Ron Stallworth. I do Wholesale
                        Manufacturing.
                         

                        Whereabout?
                         
          Flip sighs.
                         

                        Pueblo.
                         

                        What's that commute like?
                         

                        Jimmy, I'm glad you asked, straight-
                        shot down I-25. Hour tops.
                         

                        Long ride.
                         

                        What do we listen to?
                         

                        KWYD. Christian Talk in The Morning,
                        although the Signal starts to cut out
                        near Pueblo. On the way back I go for
                        102.7 to get my Allman Brothers Fix.
                        Only I have to change every time that
                        British Fag David Bowie pipes on.
                         

                        I love Bowie.
                         

                        Remember you've got to retain the
                        details of what you share with them
                        so I can be White Ron Stallworth.
                         

                        Jimmy, I always wanted to grow up to
                        be Black, all my Heroes were Black
                        Guys. Willie Mays...
                         

                        Basket catch.
                         

                        Wilt The Stilt...
                         

                        A record hundred points in the game.

          But my favorite is O.J.
                         

          Love Fuckin' O.J. Orenthal James
          Simpson.
                         

          Well, don't share your Love of The
          Brothers with these Guys. For you,
          it's The Osmonds.
                         

          I get to play you but you don't get
          to play me. Jimmy, does that sound
          fair?
                         

          Not to me.

                         Fair? I get to play you and Jimmy and
                         all the other guys in the Station...
                         Everyday.
                         
          Flip doesn't understand, he looks at Jimmy. Both befuddled.
                         

                         Who are you meeting?
                         

                         Walter Breachway.
                         

                         Become Walter's Friend, get invited
                         back.
                         

                         Look at you. Is that it, Sir?
                         

                         I'm on the phone with The Klan, You
                         see them in person...
                         

                         ...And...
                         

                         ...And you need to sound like my
                         voice.
                         

                         Oh Boy.
                         

                         Just repeat after me.
                         
          Ron hands out a piece of paper to Flip and Jimmy.
                         

                         The Godfather.
                         

                         

                         Look a'here, some people say we got a
                         lot of malice. Some say it's a lotta
                         nerve.
                         

                         

                         Look a'here, some people say we got a
                         lot of malice. Some say it's a lotta
                         nerve.

                         

                         I saw we won't quit moving 'Til we
                         get what we deserve.
                         

                         

                         I saw we won't quit moving 'Til we
                         get what we deserve.
                         

                         

                         We've been buked and we've been
                         scorned. We've been treated bad,
                         talked about.
                         

                         

                         We've been buked and we've been
                         scorned. We've been treated bad,
                         talked about.
                         

                         

                         As Just as sure as you're born But
                         just as sure as it take.
                         

                         As Just as sure as you're born But
                         just as sure as it take.
                         

                         Two eyes to make a pair, huh.
                         

                         Two eyes to make a pair, huh.
                         

                         Brother, we can't quit until we get
                         our share.
                         

                         Brother, we can't quit until we get
                         our share.
                         

                         Say it loud. I'm Black and I'm proud.
                         

                         Say it loud. I'm Black and I'm proud.

                            Jimmy, join us.
                         

                         

                            Say it loud. I'm Black and I'm proud.
                            Say it loud. I'm Black and I'm proud.
                         
               All 3 Fall OUT - DIE LAUGHING.
                         

                            Don't forget to lose that Star of
                            David around your neck.
                         
               Ron shoots Flip a look.
                         

                            You're Jewish?
                         

                         
               Ron and Jimmy sit in an Unmarked Car. Several yards away,
               Flip stands in The Lot, leaning up against a Pick Up Truck.
                         

                         
               Ron watches through Binoculars as a Beat-Up, Ivory-colored
               Pickup Truck pulls in.
                         
               BINOCULARS POV: from the Truck's license plate to a
               Confederate Flag Bumper Sticker that reads WHITE POWER.
                         

                            It's Walter.
               Ron writes down The Truck's Plate
                         
          Number: CLOSE - KE-4108.

                         
               A White Male, FELIX, 30's, steps out of The Pickup Truck. He
               wears Corduroy Pants, Uncombed Hair to his Neck and a Fu
               Manchu. He pulls on a cigarette.
                         

                            Ron Stallworth?

                       That's me. And you must be Walter.
                         

                       Name's Felix.
                         

                       I was told I'd be meeting with Walter
                       Breachway.
                         

                       Change of plans, Mack. I'm gonna need
                       you to hop in The Pickup.
                         
          Even with his slouched shoulders, Felix towers over Flip.
                         

                       Okay, well how about I just follow
                       you...
                         

                       ...No Can Do. You come with me.
                       Security.
                         

                         
          Ron and Jimmy each wear Headphones, listening in. They look
          at each other...
                         

                         
          Flip glances in the direction of Ron's Car, then pulls open
          the rusty passenger door of Felix's Pickup.
                         

                         
          The Pickup flies past. Ron and Jimmy are behind and gaining.
                         

                         
          Felix adjusts his Rear-View Mirror. Eyes it suspiciously.
                         

                       You for The White Race, Ron?
                         

                       Hell Yeah!!! Been having some trouble
                       lately with these Local Niggers.
                         

                       Since The Civil War it's always
                       trouble with Niggers.
                       Walter said something about your
                       Sister?

                           Makes me Sick.
                         

                         
           The Pickup speeds up, increasing the distance between the Two
           vehicles. Ron's car accelerates.
                         

                         
           Flip eyes Ron's Car in the Side-View mirror.
                         

                           But it's also the, like, camaraderie
                           I'm looking for...with The Klan.
                         

                           Da Fuck did you say?
                         

                           Camaraderie...?
                         

                           No. The other word.
                         

                           The Klan...?
                         

                           ...Not "The Klan." It's The
                           Organization. The Invisible Empire
                           has managed to stay Invisible for a
                           reason. Do Not Ever Use That Word.
                           You understand?
                         

                           I overstand... Right. The
                           Organization.
                         
           An uncomfortable silence. Felix leers into the Rear-View
           mirror.
                         

                           Check this Shit out... you're never
                           gonna believe it.
                         

                           What?
                         

                           There's a Jig on our Bumper.
                         
           Flip Freezes.

                         

                        He sees us. Back Off.
          Ron eases on the Gas.
                         

                         
          One hand on The Steering Wheel, Felix opens The Glove
          compartment in front of Flip's knees and grabs a Box of
          Ammunition.
                         

                        Let's be ready, case we gotta go and
                        shoot us A Alabama Porch Monkey.
                         
          He tosses The Box onto Flip's lap.
                         

                        Look under your seat. Pull it out.
                         

                        Pull out what?
                         
          Felix snaps his finger at Flip, who jumps.
                         

                        Under the seat!!!
                         
          Flip reaches to his Feet. Pulls out a SAWED-OFF SHOTGUN.
                         

                        Load 'er up. One in The Chamber.
                         
          Flip is hesitant.
                         

                        Load it!!!
                         
          Flip dutifully opens up The Box. Pulls out a Shell. Loads it
          into The Chamber and pulls the action forward.
                         

                        Ready to go.
                         
          Felix eyes The Rear-View Mirror again. Ron's Car has drifted
          much farther back. Felix puffs away at his Cigarette.
                         

                        That's right, Porch Monkey. Don't be
                        Messin' with us...
                         

                        ...The Organization.

                        Not so fast, Buddy Boy.
                         

                         
           Felix's Pickup turns into The parking lot of A Confederate
           Bar.
                         

                         
           Eyeing The Truck, Ron and Jimmy breathe a sigh of relief.
                         

                        Just a Bar.
                         
           Ron drives past the lot.
                         

                        Think he got a good look at My Face?
                         

                                  Probably.
                         

                         
           A Cramped and Unfriendly Dive. LOW-LIFES mill about. The Air
           filled with Dense Smoke. Pool Balls CRACK-SMACK.
                         
           Felix leads Flip to The Bar Area, where WALTER BREACHWAY,
           White Male, 30's, stands. Walter is affable by nature, Short
           and Stocky, with a Crew Cut and small Mustache.
                         

                        Ron. Glad you could make it. Walter
                        Breachway, Chapter President.
                         
           They shake hands.
                         

                        I appreciate you inviting me out.
                         
           Felix lingers like a Bad Smell. Beside him a Drunk Man,
           IVANHOE 20's, gives Flip The Stink Eye.
                         

                        I've been impressed with our phone
                        conversations. I feel you have some
                        fine ideas that could help The Cause.
                         

                        I meant every word I said.
                         
           Flip's a Natural.

                        How 'bout some pool?
                         
          Ivanhoe hands Flip a Pool Stick and gathers the Balls.
                         

                        I've had my own share of Run-Ins with
                        Niggers. Matter of fact, it's part of
                        what led me to The Organization.
                         

                        That right?
                         

                        It became my salvation. After I was
                        shot and wounded by some Niggers. My
                        Wife... Savagely Raped by a whole
                        Pack of 'EM, and not a one went to
                        Jail.
                         
          Flip nods, expertly feigning sympathy.
                         

                         
          Ron and Jimmy each wear Headphones, listening in.
                         

                        Never happened.
               Ron cracks a smile.
                         

                         
          Walter and Flip continue to play pool.
                         

                        They're taking over. That's all you
                        see on the TV Anymore. Niggers.
                        Niggers selling Soap, Niggers selling
                        Automobiles, Niggers selling
                        Toothpaste, Niggers, Niggers,
                        Niggers.
                         

                        Wasn't long ago them Sumbitches
                        wasn't on no TV.
                         

                        You forgetting Uncle Ben and Aunt
                        Jemima.
                         

                        Dang!!! You know, I gotta say I kinda
                        like dem' Niggers...Rice and
                        Pancakes.
          Ivanhoe shakes hands with Flip.

                        Name's Ivanhoe, by the way.
                         

                         

                        Mad at Sanford and Son and Flip
                        Wilson.
                         

                         

                        All you get now is how we gotta'
                        cater to them. We gotta' get us some
                        "Minorities". Watch ya' mouth, don't
                        say this, don't say that, be nice,
                        they're not Colored...
                         

                        Negros...
                         

                        ...Blacks...
                         

                        ...Afro-Americans...
                         

                        ...FUCK. How 'bout just Fuckin'?
                        Niggers. Make it Fuckin' simple.
                         


                         

                        I been saying this stuff for years.
                         

                        You ain't the only one.
                         

                        You don't know how good it is to hear
                        someone that gets it.
                         
           Flip looks around. Gets quiet.
                         

                        What kinda stuff you Guys do?
                         
           Ivanhoe swigs his Beer.
                         

                        You know, Cross burnings. Marches and
                        stuff so people don't Fuck wit' us.

                       I'm tired of people Fuckin' with me.
                         

                       You come to the right place cuz'
                       Nobody Fucks with us. How much you
                       know about The History?
                         

                       Some...I could know more.
                         

                       We'll teach you.
                         

                       This year's gonna be big for us.
                         

                       How so?
                         
          Ivanhoe moves in closer. Balls his hand in a fist, then opens
          it quickly.
                         

                       BOOM!!! We're gonna make Fireworks,
                       yes we are...
                         
          Walter swoops in.
                         

                       ...Ivanhoe talking nonsense again.
                       Kid can't hold his Beer fer Shit. The
                       Organization is strictly Non-
                       Violent...
                         

                       ...Like dat Dead Nigger Martin Luther
                       Coon.
                         

                       Gotcha.
                         
          Flip looks down at his Shirt -- the Top Button has flapped
          off again. The next button would mean The End. CURTAINS.
                         
          He quickly buttons it. Then...
                         

                       Say, Ron? Mind coming with me?
                         

                       Where to?

                        You Undercover or something? You ask
                        too many questions. Let's GO!!!
                         
           Behind Walter, Felix is Laser-Focused on Flip's every move.
           Flip sees it. Walter points to a door. Flip walks forward,
           with Walter, Ivanhoe, and Felix tailing from behind.
                         

                         

                        Where they going?
                         
           Ron's Face falls.
                         

                        Lost the damn signal.
                         

                         
           The Men move single-file through the door, Flip first. It's a
           small room, with a wooden table and some rickety chairs. A
           lone white light bulb hangs from above.
                         

                        Congrats you passed The Mustard.
                         
           Walter exchanges uneasy looks with Felix.
                         

                        Thought we'd get the Membership
                        process started.
                         
           Flip can breathe again.
                         

                        Now we're talkin'.
                         
           Walter hands Flip a stack of papers.
                         

                        Fill these out and Mail 'em to The
                        National Headquarters. Once they send
                        your Membership Card, you'll be able
                        to participate in our Programs.
                         
           Flip sings The Alcoa Jingle.
                         

                        Alcoa Can't wait.
                         

                        I like those Commercials.

                        Imperial Tax to become a Member: Ten
                        Dollars for The Year. Fifteen Dollar
                        Chapter Fee. Robes and Hoods not
                        included, that's Extra.
                         

                        Fuckin' Inflation.
                         
          Flip shakes hands with all.
                         

                        I can't thank you Brothers enough.
                         

                        Pleasure, is all ours.
                         
          Felix and Ivanhoe give polite nods.
                         

                        I'll take you back to your Car.
                         
          As Flip turns to leave...
                         

                        You're not a Jew, right?
                         
          Flip stops.
                         

                        You trying to offend me?
                         
          Flip turns to Walter: you believe this Shit?
                         

                        It's Protocol.
                         
          All eyes on Flip. His face flares with rage.
                         

                        'Course I'm no Stinkin' Kike.
                         

                        We gotta ask it, is all. I'm
                        satisfied. How about you Guys?
                         
          Ivanhoe nods. Felix just stares.
                         

                        Smells Kosher to me.
                         

                        Stop fuckin' 'round.

                        Felix, cut it out.
                         

                         
           Ron helps Flip rip The Wire off his Chest.
                         

                        You have me dressed like one of
                        the Beverly Hillbillies for
                        Chrissakes. I felt too Redneck for
                        those Guys.
                         

                        They liked you.
                         

                        Except for that Felix Guy. Do not
                        ride his Bumper like that! Two car
                        lengths!
                         

                        You got The Papers? They want you to
                        join.
                         

                        Technically they want you to join.
                         

                        They want a Black Man to join The Ku
                        Klux Klan. I'd call that Mission
                        Impossible. Double Success.
                         

                         
           Sgt. Trapp sits at his desk, thumbing through The Report. Ron
           and Flip stand across from him.
                         

                        And exactly how much should we be
                        worrying about them?
                         

                        Enough that we'd like to dig deeper.
                        One of the Men discussed plans for a
                        possible Attack...
                         

                        ...I wouldn't give him that much
                        credit. These Yahoos like to Boast.
                         

                        What kind of Attack?
                         
           Ron looks to Flip.

                       Ivanhoe said "BOOM", mentioned
                       something about Fireworks.
                       Personally, I didn't buy it. Doubt
                       they're even capable.
                         
          Sgt. Trapp bridges his hands together, contemplating.
                         

                       Either way, we're looking for full
                       support from The Department.
                         

                       We're moving on with the
                       Investigation.
                         
          Ron just stares at Trapp.
                         

                         
          Ron and Patrice seated across from each other, already
          eating. Patrice's attire more lax, but still in her Black
          Leather Jacket.
                         

                       The next day when we dropped Brother
                       Kwame off at the Airport he told me
                       The Black Power Movement needed
                       Strong Sistah's like me to lead the
                       fight against Capitalist oppression
                       and The Politicians and Pigs who
                       perpetuate it. His words almost made
                       that whole Pig Nightmare worth
                       while...
                         
          Ron goes Mute.
                         

                       ...What's wrong?
                         

                       I don't really use that word.
                         

                       What word?
                         

                       Pigs.
                         

                       What else would you call them?
                         

                       Cops... Police...

                       Bunch of Racist Cops on a Power Trip.
                         

                       So you think all Cops are Racist?
                         

                       It only takes One to pull a Trigger
                       on a Innocent Sister or Brother.
                         
          Patrice absorbs all of this.
                         

                       Why were you at Brother Kwame's
                       Speech?
                         

                       He's got some good ideas. I don't
                       agree with all of them but he's a
                       smart Brother who's worth hearing.
                         

                       Are you Down for The Liberation of
                       Black People?
                         

                       Do we always have to talk about
                       Politics?
                         

                       What's more important?
                         

                       Do you ever take any time off from
                       The Liberation of Black People?
                         

                       NO!!! It's a Lifetime JOB!!!
                         
          Ron reaches across the table and takes Patrice's Hand.
          Patrice pulls her Hand back.
                         

                       Sista Angela Davis, can we spend some
                       quality time together.
                         

                       And what did you say your J-O-B is?
                         

                       Kathleen Cleaver, I didn't?
                         

                       Are You A Pig?

                       You mean A Cop?
                         

                       You A Cop?
                         

                       NO I'm a Black Man who wants to get
                       to know A Strong, Intelligent,
                       Beautiful Sister.
                         
          Ron tries to kiss Patrice but she moves her head away. They
          finish their meal in silence.
                         

                         
          It's late. Ron is the only Officer working, filling out a
          Police Report and sipping a mug of Hot Lipton Tea with Honey.
          Suddenly... The Undercover Line rings. Ron freezes. Picks up
          the line.
                         

                       This is Ron.
                         

                       This is Walter. Is this Ron? Your
                       Voice sounds different over The
                       Phone.
                         
          Ron has to THINK FAST.
                         

                       Allergies acting up again.
                         
          A steady Beat of Silence on The Line. Then...
                         

                       ...Yeah, I get that all the time.
                         
          Ron waits for the response.
                         

                       Well, just thought I'd say it was
                       great having you swing by. The
                       Brothers really took a liking to you.
                         
          Ron squeezes his fist. Victory. Trying to stay nonchalant:
                         

                       I'm honored.
                         

                       Why don't you come by Felix's this
                       Saturday? Meet the rest of The
                       Brotherhood.

                         
           Sgt. Trapp and Ron walk and talk.
                         

                         I've got a friend that's up with
                         these Groups. He says they're moving
                         away from the Ole Violent Racist
                         Style. That's what Davis is peddling
                         now, it's become Mainstream.
                         

                         Davis?
                         

                         Devin Davis current Grand Wizard of
                         The Klan, always in a three piece
                         suit, he now goes by National
                         Director. He's clearly got his Sights
                         on Higher Office.
                         

                         Political Office? How so?
                         

                         Yeah, I guess they're trying to move
                         away from their History of Selling

                         

                         ...Keep going.
                         

                         Affirmative Action, Immigration,
                         Crime, Tax Reform. He said no one
                         wants to be called a Bigot anymore.
                         Archie Bunker made that too Un-Cool.
                         The idea is under all these issues,
                         everyday Americans can accept it,
                         support it, until eventually, one
                         day, you get somebody in The White
                         House that embodies it.
                         

                         America would never elect somebody
                         like Devin Davis President of the
                         United States of America?
                         
           Sgt. Trapp just stares at Ron for a long moment.
                         

                         For a so called Black Man, you're
                         pretty naive.

                         
           Ron is in his unmarked Car in a Middle Class Neighborhood. He
           pulls on Headphones and looks out his Window where...
                         

                         

                         
           A manicured yard. Pristine. A very Green Healthy lawn. A yard
           sign: AMERICA LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT! Flip rings The Doorbell.
           The Screen Door is opened by CONNIE, White Woman, 30's,
           Proper and Good-Looking. A Gold Cross dangles from her Neck.
                         

                          Ron! So nice to meet you. I'm Connie,
                          Felix's Wife.
                         
           Connie hugs him.
                         

                          Great to meet you.
                         

                          The Boys are in the Backyard.
                         

                         

                         

                         
           Ron shakes his head listening to The Transmitter, taking
           notes.
                         

                         
           The Klan Members seated, some on folding chairs. Connie
           enters The Backyard with an Appetizer Platter.
                         

                          Sorry to interrupt. I have some
                          Cheese Dip and Crackers.
                         
           They dig in.

          Thanks Honey.
          Felix turns to The Brothers. Klansmen Feed off The Energy.
                         

                       Make 'em remember who We Are and What
                       We Stand For. We are The
                       Organization.
                         

                       I read in The Gazette some Nigger
                       named Carmichael held a Rally and
                       there's some College Nigger Girl with
                       the "Baboon Student Union" attacking
                       Our Police. This Girl is Dangerous.
                       Reminds me of that Commie Angela
                       Davis. We need to shut her damn
                       mouth.
                         
          The Men exchange uneasy looks - Why is Connie in Men's
          Business?
                         

                       Here, I clipped the Article.
                         
          Connie pulls The Article from her apron. Hands it to Felix.
          Felix eyes it, focused on an image of Kwame and without
          looking up...
                         

                       That'll be all. Love you Sweetie.
                         

                       One of these days you're going to
                       need me to do something for you. Wait
                       and See.
                         
          Connie trudges back towards the house without answering.
          Felix hands The Clipping to The Klansmen, who pass it around
          the room. When it reaches Walter, he sets it down.
                         

                       How 'bout We focus on our Bread and
                       Butter. The Next Cross Burning.
                       Which, Flip, you'll be lucky enough
                       to participate in if your Membership
                       Card comes soon enough...
                         

                       ...That'd be a tremendous Honor.
                       Where?
                         

                       The Highest Hills get the most Eyes.
                         
          Walter looks for approval. Nods all around. Felix rises, his
          balance uncertain.

                            Hey Ron, I gotta show you something.
               Felix plops a Hand on Flip's Back. Flip rises.
                         

                         
               Ron takes in The Audio. He records more Notes.
                         

                         
               Flip, Felix, and Walter walk downstairs to the Den.

               Felix flips on the lights.
                         

                            Looka here.
                         
               Various Guns adorn The Walls -- Rifles, Shotguns, Handguns.
               Pinned on The Far Wall: White Supremacist Memorabilia
               including a Magazine Cut-Out of KKK Grand Wizard Devin Davis.
                         

                            Wow. This is really... something.
                         
               Felix pulls a rusted Double-Barreled Shotgun off The Rack.
                         

                            Here's my favorite. Twelve Gauge.
                         
               Felix smirks and points The Two Barrels at Flip's chest.
                         

                            I call this...The Jew Killer.
                         
               Flip Freezes. Felix's Finger Rests on The Trigger. Teasingly?
               Seriously? Felix stares, challenging Flip to make a Move. Any
               Move.
                         

                            That's a Remington Model 1900.
                         
               A long Beat. Then: Felix smiles.
                         

                            Indeed it is.
                         
               Felix places the Shotgun back on the rack. Walter outside The
               Door.
                         

                            Almost done in here? We still have
                            some items on The Agenda...

          ...Not just yet. Gotta make sure
          there's no Jew in him.
           Flip keeps quiet.
                         

                         

                         Come on Man, this is just
                         Straight-Up Offensive. We're
                         talking about someone who's gonna be
                         our Brother in a couple months. Is
                         there a fuckin' Star of David around
                         his Neck? Does Ron got a YA-MA-KA on
                         his HEAD for Pete's sake?
                         

                         Just Protocol. My House, My Rules.
                         

                         
           Felix sets a hand on Flip's Back, guiding him past Walter.
                         

                         This way.
                         

                         Where...uh...where ya takin' me? I
                         told you already I'm not thrilled
                         with you callin' me a Jew.
                         

                         Tough Titty.
                         
           Walter follows as Felix leads Flip into the
                         

                         

                         Take a seat.
                         
           Felix sets Flip down on a chair.
                         

                         Felix, it ain't necessary, Man. This
                         is how we lose recruits!
                         
           Felix pushes Walter backward, through and out The Den door.
           He slams The Door closed and locks it.
                         

                         What is this your Jew Den? This where
                         you make your Candles? Lamp shades?
                         
           Felix opens a Desk Drawer and takes out a POLYGRAPH MACHINE.

                              No, you're going to take this Lie
                              Detector test.
                         

                         

                              Shit.
                 He turns the ignition and drives forward.

                         
                 Felix sets The Polygraph in front of Flip. Urgent knocking on
                 the door.
                         

                              Open up, Felix! Enough is Enough!!!
                         

                              Lower your Arm right here.
                         

                              Felix, this is lame bullshit.
                         

                              Lame or not you're taking this Jew
                              Lie Detector Test.
                         
                 Felix reaches in and lowers his Arm for him, then slides the
                 Blood Pressure cuff over Flip's Arm. Flip rips it off, jumps
                 up, knocking the chair over.
                         

                              Out of respect, I'm gonna play along
                              with your Get Smart Bullshit, but I'm
                              No Fuckin' Jew!!!
                         
                 Walter persistently bangs on The Door. Felix pulls out a
                 Shiny Pistol from his belt.
                         

                            Siddown.
                         

                         
                 Gun in hand, Ron crouches beside the Unmarked car, parked at
                 the curb near Felix's House. He notices a NEIGHBOR taking out
                 The Trash. Ron puts his Gun away. His Eyes are on THE LOOK

                         

                         
                 Flip sits in The Chair as Felix sticks Electrodermal Sensors
                 on Flip's hands.

                       Ask anybody, they'll say I'm a real
                       Friendly Guy. Thing is, I'm only
                       Friendly to my Friends, not JEW
                       Friendly, Damn Sure not Nigger
                       Friendly.
                         
          Walter is still banging away at the door.
                         

                       Let me in!
                         
          Felix tightens The Blood Pressure Cuff on Flip's arm.
                         

                       Let's warm up. What is the surname of
                       your Biological Father?
                         

                       Stallworth.
                         

                       Let me see your Dick.
                         
          Flip starts to unzip his pants and smiles.
                         

                       You like pretty Dicks Felix?
                         

                       I hear you Jews do something Funny
                       with ya Dicks. Some weird Jew Shit.
                       Is your Dick circumstanced?
                         

                       You tryin' to suck my Jew Dick?
                       Faggot.
                         

                       Who you callin' a Faggot, Jew?
                         

                       Y'know what I think?
                         

                       You think?
                         

                       I think a lot.
                         

                       What do you think about?

                         I think this Holocaust stuff never
                         happened.
                         

                         What?
                         

                         That's the biggest Jewish Conspiracy.
                         8 Million Jews killed? Concentration
                         camps? Never happened. Where's the
                         proof?
                         

                         
          WE SEE on Flip's face, despite him trying to fight hard to be
          affected, he is not that good an Actor. Marlon Brando
          couldn't do it either.
                         

                         Are you High?
                         

                         I don't get High. I drink.
                         

                         Haven't seen the Footage.
                         

                         Fake. Jews run Hollywood.
                         

                         
          Ron bolts onto Felix's Front Lawn, unsure what to do but
          knowing that he GOTTA DO something. Ron picks up a Flower Pot
          and CHUCKS IT -- CRASH! It goes straight through the Kitchen
          Window, shattering The Glass.
                         

                         
          Connie SCREAMS! Through the window pane, she can see the
          backside of Ron -- a Black Man wearing a faded denim jacket.
          Ron is "Low Running" now.

                       There's a Fuckin' Black Lawn Jockey
                       on our Green Lawn!
                         
          Felix storms out of The Den. Flip rips off The Polygraph
          Sensors and follows.
                         

                         
          All of The Klan Members, including Flip and Connie, pour onto
          the Lawn. Felix bursts out of The Front door with his Pistol.
          He Fires at Ron -- who is USAIN BOLT-ING down The Street.

                         
          Flip grabs Felix's pistol and FIRES just as Ron reaches the
          unmarked car. Flip fires again and again emptying the gun!
          Missing on purpose just as Ron reaches The Unmarked car. Ron
          jumps inside... SQUEEEEEL! The Car peels off.
                         

                       Yeah, keep drivin' you Black
                       Spearchucker!!! Piece a Shit
                       Nigger!!!
                         

                       Almost got 'im.
                         
          Flip is Foaming at The Mouth. Everyone stares at him,
          momentarily surprised at his outburst. Flip hands Felix his
          Gun back.
                         

                       Felix, you still want me to take your
                       Jew Detector Test!!!
                         
          Walter looks from Flip to Felix. Felix can only shrug.
                         

                         
          Neighbors poke their heads out from across The Street. Felix
          looks to The Chapter Members gathered around.
                         

                       Everybody go Home NOW!!! Get Outta

                         

                         
          Ron speeds away, down The Residential Streets. He looks down
          at his Body. No wounds. He slows his breathing. Too Close for

                         

                         
          Sgt. Trapp flips through The Report. Ron and Flip watch.

                       Lie Detector? Shots Fired? A Goddamn
                       ClusterFuck!!! You Dickheads are
                       putting me in a Tough Spot here. If
                       Bridges heard about this...
                         

                       Is he gonna hear about it, Sarge?
                         
          Sgt. Trapp thinks a moment, then opens a drawer under his
          desk and throws The Report into it.
                         

                         

                         
          Ron and Flip emerge from Sgt. Trapp's office.
                         

                       I didn't say it in there with Trapp
                       but that Peckerwood had a Gun in my
                       Face and he was an Ass Hair away from
                       pulling The Trigger.
                         

                       And he didn't.
                         

                       But he could have and then I woulda
                       been Dead... for what? Stoppin' some
                       Jerkoffs from playing Dress up?
                         

                       Flip, it's Intel.
                         

                       I'm not risking my Life to prevent
                       some Rednecks from lighting a couple
                       Sticks on Fire.
                         

                       This is the Job. What's your problem?
                         

                       Ron, you're my problem.
                         

                       How's that?
                         

                       For you it's not a job, it's a
                       Crusade. It's not personal nor should
                       it be.
                         
          They stop walking.

          Why haven't you bought into this?
                         

          Why should I?
                         

          Because you're Jewish, Brother. The
          So-Called Chosen People.
          Flip gets pissed and flies up into Ron face. They are nose to
          nose.
                         

                       You're passing, Man.
                         

                       What?
                         

                       You're passing for a WASP!!! White
                       Anglo Saxon Protestant, All-American
                       Hot Dog, Cherry Pie White Boy. It's
                       what some Light-Skinned Black Folks
                       do, they pass for White.
                         
          Flip understands now. He glares at Ron.
                         

                       Doesn't that Hatred The Klan say Piss
                       you off.
                         

                       Of course it does.
                         

                       Then why you acting like you ain't
                       got skin in the Game!
                         

                       That's my Damn Business!
                         

                       It's our Business.
                         
          Ron and Flip look at each other.
                         

                       I'm gonna get your Membership Card so
                       you can go on this Cross Burning and
                       get in deeper, right Flip?
                         

                         
          Ron is alone on the phone as he studies his packet of KKK
          materials. He sees a number for the KKK Headquarters. He
          dials. A Message clicks on:
                         

                       Wake up White Man, The Negro wants
                       your White Woman and your Job! The
                       Jew wants your Money...
                         
          The Recording is interrupted by a PLEASANT-SOUNDING MAN.

                       Hello, and whom am I talking to?
                         

                       Good afternoon. My name is Ron
                       Stallworth, calling from Colorado
                       Springs. How are you today, Sir?
                         

                       Quite well, Ron. What can I do for
                       you?
                         

                       I'm calling because I desperately
                       want to participate in my Chapter's
                       Honorary Events but I can't until I
                       receive my Membership Card.
                         

                       Of course, I can help you with that.
                         

                       Thank you. Who am I speaking with?
                         

                       This is Devin Davis.
                         
          Ron has Died and gone to Heaven.
                         

                       I'm sorry... did you just say you're
                       Devin Davis?
                         

                       ...Last time I checked.
                         

                       ...Grand Wizard of The Ku Klux Klan?
                       That Devin Davis?
                         

                       That Grand Wizard and National
                       Director.
                         

                       Really? National Director too?
                         

                       Really.
                         

                       I'm honored to be speaking with you.
                       I'm not afraid to say it...I consider
                       you a True White American Hero.

                       Are there any other kind?
                         

                         
          DEVIN DAVIS 30's has a trim Red Mustache and a mop of Sandy
          Hair which drapes his ears. He plays the role of a Southern
          Gent but his piercing pale-Blue Eyes reveal a Monster.
                         
          Davis wears a Three-Piece Suit and sits at a neat Office
          Desk.
                         

                       And I'm just happy to be talking to a
                       True White American.
                         

                         

                       Amen, Mr. Davis. Seems like there's
                       less and less of us these days.
                       Now about that Membership Card...
                         
          Davis unwraps a stick of Juicy Fruit Gum, his favorite.
                         

                       ...I understand the situation. We've
                       been having some Administrative
                       problems that have caused a backlog.
                       ...Tell you what, Ron. I'll see to it
                       personally that your Membership Card
                       is processed and sent out today.
                         

                       Thank you, Mr. Davis. I can't express
                       to you how much I appreciate this.
                         

                       The pleasure is all mine. I look
                       forward to meeting you in person One
                       Day and God Bless White America.
                         

                         
          Ron rushes out of the room buzzing about speaking to Davis he
          immediately KNOCKS shoulders with someone going the other
          way. When he turns around it's... Master Patrolman Landers,
          who turns back giving a smirk.
                         

                       Watch where you're going. You could
                       get hurt like that Hot Shot.
                         
          Landers marches on leaving Ron to contemplate.

                         
               Ron wires up Flip.
                         

                            That Cop that pulled Kwame Ture over
                            that night... was it Landers?
                         
               Flip is surprised.
                         

                            How'd you know?
                         

                            I can smell em' a Mile away now.
                         
               Flip ponders for a moment, then says.
                         

                            He's been a Bad Cop for a long time.
                         

                            Yeah?
                         

                            Does that kinda' Shit all the time.
                            Few years ago, he allegedly Shot and
                            Killed a Black Kid... he said he had
                            a Gun. The Kid wasn't the type.
                         

                            Flip, why do you tolerate this?
                         

                            We're a family. Good or Bad. We stick
                            together. You wanna be the Guy that
                            Rats him out?
                         
               Ron goes quiet.
                         

                            You're New. You're a Rookie. You ever
                            get your Ass in a Jam, you'll
                            appreciate The Blue Wall of Silence.
                         

                            Yeah, reminds me of another Group.
               Ron finished. Flip steps away buttoning his shirt.
                         

                         
               POP! A Bullet strikes a Beer Bottle in an Open Field.

                         Bullseye.
                         
          Felix looks up from his Shotgun. All around him, other
          Chapter Members line up in a row, firing their Guns at
          Bottles. Some are wearing Green Army Field Jackets.
                         
          Nearby, a couple of fold-up tables stocked with plates of
          Grilled Meat and Bowls of Cheese Doodles. Flip is locked in
          conversation with Walter, who could not care less about the
          Firing Range behind him.
                         

                         ... and then you got what used to be
                         a decent Bar, The Hide N Seek Room,
                         turned into a Filthy Fag Bar
                         overnight.
                         

                         Fuckin' Fags everywhere these days.
                         
          Flip is still mostly focused on Felix and his crew.
                         

                         They're trying to Colonize. First
                         they get their own Bars, then they
                         want Equal Treatment...
                         

                         ...Forget Dem Fags... Some of these
                         Guys Army-trained?
                         
          Walter turns around for a moment, then turns back,
          dismissive.
                         

                         A lot of 'em are. Fort Carson...
                         

                         
          observes TWO MYSTERY MEN, STEVE and JERRY, both 30's, they
          look classier than the rest of The Gang handling M-16's.
                         

                         I've not seen those Macs before.
                         

                         Steve and Jerry.
                         

                         Yeah, who are they?
                         

                         That's classified.
                Walter steps away leaving Flip to ponder the Two Mystery Men.
                         

                         

                         
                Ron is in the Car quite a ways away with a huge Telephoto
                lens on a 33MM Camera. He focuses in on...
                         

                         
                Ron CLICKS off numerous Photos of them. And then CLICKING on
                all the various Klansmen enjoying the outing.
                         

                         
                focusing in on his Targets: CLICKING! Walter, Ivanhoe, Felix,
                all of them.
                         

                         

                         
                Flip nears the Target area seeing something that makes him
                laugh out loud.
                         

                             Gezzus H. Christ!
                         
                The Targets are...
                         

                         
                in the form a Black Silhouette of a Running Black Man with an
                Afro, Big Lips, Butt, etc.
                         

                             Helps with practicin' for Nigger
                             Looters. Dem' Sum-bitches Run like
                             Roaches when you Flip the switch in
                             the Kitchen late at Night.
                         
                Felix and Ivanhoe shoot their Hand Guns at the Black Man
                Targets! They HIT The Bulls-Eye targets on his Head, Lips,
                Butt, Body.
                         

                             I don't know how that Black Bastard
                             got away the other day.
                         
                Ivanhoe suddenly pipes up.
                         

                             Hey, Ron! Take my Forty-Five Auto
                             wanna see what you can do.

                              Maybe you'll get dat Nigger next
                              time.
                         
                Ivanhoe hands Flip his pistol. He takes it, his hand sweaty.
                         
                ALL EYES ON FLIP as he takes aim at a Black Man Running
                Target Fifty Feet away. The Klansmen observing. BANG!!! A
                Hole rips in the Black Man Target Head!!! Then the Butt!!!
                Body! And Lips!!!
                         

                              Good Shot!!! Shit! Got that Coon Dead
                              in The Ass! Nice One!!!
                         

                              That's one deaaaaaad Jungle Bunny!!!
                         
                The Gang eyes Flip, impressed. Ivanhoe pats Flip's back.
                         

                              Where'd you learn to shoot like that?
                         

                              My Ole Man gave me a Toy Cap Gun when
                              I was a Kid, been shooting ever
                              since.
                Ivanhoe proceeds to teach Flip the Klan handshake.
                         

                         
                Everyone is gone now. Ron walks through observing The Scene
                looking over the remnants of the gathering.
                         

                         
                Ron picks up the Official Running Nigger Target full of
                Bullet Holes.
                         

                         
                Patrice and Ron walk on a Nature Pathway alongside a Creek.
                         

                              Bernie Casey's a Badd Brother.
                         

                              Cleopatra Jones was the one. It's
                              about time We see a strong Sister
                              like that...
                         

                              ...And Tamara Dobson played a Cop.

                       That was a Black Exploitation Movie.
                       A fantasy. Real life's not like that.
                       In real life there's no Cleopatra
                       Jones or Coffy.
                         

                       You don't dig Pam Grier? She's Fine
                       as Wine and twice as Mellow.
                         

                       Pam Grier is doing her Thing but in
                       real life it's just Pigs killing
                       Black Folks.
                         

                       What if a Cop was trying to make
                       things better.
                         

                       From the inside?
                         

                       Yeah, from the inside.
                         

                       You can't make things better from the
                       inside. It's a Racist System.
                         

                       So just give up?
                         

                       No!!! We fight for what Black People
                       really need! BLACK LIBERATION!!!
                         

                       Can't you do that from the inside!
                         

                       No! You can't. White Man won't let
                       us.
                         
          Ron gets frustrated. Patrice stops him.
                         

                       What did Dubois say about "Double
                       Consciousness"? "Twoness". Being an
                       American and a Negro? Two Souls? Two
                       Thoughts? Two warring ideals in one
                       Dark Body?
                         

                       I know how that feels. I'm Two damn
                       people all the time!

                       But you shouldn't be! We shouldn't
                       have a War going on inside ourselves.
                       Why can't we just be Black People?
                         

                       Because we're not there yet!
                         

                       Well, I'm tired of waiting!
                         
          Patrice walks off. Ron sighs, walks to catch up to her, and
          puts his arm around Patrice.
                         

                       Shaft or Superfly?
                         

                       What?
                         

                       Pick one, Shaft or Superfly?
                         

                       A Private Detective over a Pimp any
                       day and twice on Sundays.
                         

                       Richard Roundtree or Ron O'Neal?
                         

                       Richard Roundtree. Pimps Ain't No
                       Heroes.
                         

                       Ron O'Neal isn't a Pimp. He's just
                       playing one.
                         

                       That image does damage to Our People.
                         

                       JESUS CHRIST!!! Give it a rest.
                         

                       I can't you JIVE TURKEY.
                         
          They both LAUGH.
                         

                         
          Knocking at the door. Ron opens it and finds Felix standing
          there. The two stare at each other for a moment, finally.

                       Wrong address.
                         
          Felix backs away as Patrice peeks from around Ron seeing
          Felix. Felix sees her, turning to walk away.
                         

                       Who was that?
                         
          Ron watches Felix drive away.
                         

                       Nobody.
                         

                         
          Ivanhoe, Walter and Felix are in the kitchen talking,
          drinking beer and eating snacks. Flip enters.
                         

                       Hey, sorry had to work late. How you
                       guys doing?
                         
          Everyone greets Flip, but Felix says. Flip grabs a beer from
          a cooler, pops the tab.
                         

                       You got a Twin.
                         
          Everyone goes quiet looking at Flip.
                         

                       What?
                         

                       You got a Twin.
                         

                       Twin what?
                         

                       A Twin-Twin and ya Twin is a NIGGER.
                         
          Flip looks dumbfounded. Felix nears him.
                         

                       Looked in the Phone Book and went
                       over what I thought was your place
                       and found a Nig there.
                         
          Felix looks deadly. Ivanhoe and Walter look at Flip. Finally.
                         

                       My number's unlisted.
          Felix just continues to stare.
                         

                       What address did you go to?
                         

                       Over on... Bluestem Lane.
                         

                       I don't live on Bluestem. I live off
                       21st Street...
                         

                       So you don't know that Nigger?
                         

                       Oh, that's that Nigger I keep in the
                       woodpile.
                         
          Everyone laughs. Felix finally cracks a grin.
                         

                       1813 South 21st Street. Come by
                       sometime we'll have a Coors.
                         
          Ivanhoe and Flip clink cans.
                         

                       And y'know what? That loud mouth
                       Black Student Union Bitch that's been
                       in the paper complaining about the
                       Police. She was there.
                         

                       That Fuckin' Cunt.
                         

                       Like to close those Monkey Lips
                       permanently.
                         

                       Yeah, after I get em' 'round da Head
                       of my Dick.
                         
          Everyone laughs, agreeing.
                         

                         
          Ron takes a letter out of his Mailbox and excitedly rips open
          A Letter from the KKK National Office. He grins and claps his
          hands!

                         
          Flip stands looking at what looks like a Credit Card as Ron
          sits at his desk, leaning back, satisfied.
                         

                       Are you Fucking kidding me?
                         

                       What?
                         

                       You don't cross those lines. This is
                       about an Investigation. Not a...
                       Relationship.
                         

                       You're right, I'm messin' up. Hate to
                       violate that Blue Wall of Silence.
                         

                       Nice one.

                       Is Patrice a Target?
                         

                       Maybe.
                         
          Ron goes quiet, concerned.
                         
          An excited Ron goes to the once stark empty white walls now
          covered with numerous Klansmen Photos. Ron SLAPS the Photos
          of Active Duty Soldiers.
                         

                       We got Active Duty Soldiers from Fort
                       Carson. Going to the CID with this.
                         
          Ron SLAPS the photo of Steve and Jerry.
                         

                       Our Mystery Boys Steve and Jerry.
                       Still don't know who they are.
                         
          Ron SLAPS photos of Felix, Ivanhoe, Connie.
                         

                       We got Felix's Old Klan Crew.
                         
          Ron turns to Flip and he SLAPS a photo of Walter.
                         

                       And we got new Klan Walter.
                         

                       Walter's a General without an Army.
                       Felix's Crew is stronger than him.
                         
          Flip looks at Ron, amazed.
                         

                       You've really been talking to Devin
                       Davis?
                         

                       Oh Hell yeah!!!
                         
          Ron SLAPS The Large Photo of Devin Davis.

                       That's my Ace Boon Coon Running
                       Partner! And now that you got that
                       Ronny Boy. We are on a Roll, Baby!!!
                         
          Ron laughs and points at the KKK Membership Card and Flip
          picks it up.
                         
          CLOSE on the card as Flip reads it.
                         


                       Member in Good Standing
                       Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
                         

                       That's us The Stallworth Boys.
                         

                       Yeah, funny, but you didn't have
                       psychopath staring at you asking
                       where you lived.
                         

                       I called to warn you, but you must
                       have already taken off.
                         

                       Ron, I wasn't raised Jewish. It
                       wasn't a part of my Life. So I never
                       thought much about being Jewish, was
                       just another White Kid, didn't even
                       have my Bar Mitzvah. No Chanukah for
                       me. Christmas. In this job, you try
                       to keep things at a distance. You put
                       up a Shield so you don't feel
                       anything... This shit is deep. When
                       that Fuck Felix had me in that room
                       and I kept having to deny my
                       heritage...I have been passing.

                         

                         

                         
           Ron drives up and gets out of his Car and walks up meeting
           Patrice, Odetta, Hakeem and other Members of the Black
           Student Union outside holding flyers.
                         
           Patrice stands there looking very upset, she shoves a Flyer
           out at Ron. He takes it, reads.
                         

                         
           A drawing of a Hooded and Robed Klansman. Above the Drawing,
           there's Text: You Can Sleep Tonight Knowing The Klan Is
           Awake.
                         

                         

                         Where'd you find them?

                       I found this one on my Car. But
                       they're all over The Neighborhood,
                       too.
                         
          Ron looks around seeing Residents and Students holding the
          Flyers, discussing them, some upset, others bewildered.
                         

                       Do you think this is Real?
                         

                       It's Real.
                         

                         
          Hakeem, Odetta and the Others look around for them, pissed.
                         

                       This is intimidation.
                         

                       Clearly, this is about the Black
                       Student Union and you.
                         

                       Me?
                         

                       You've been outspoken about the
                       incident with the Police when Brother
                       Kwame was here.
                         

                       So the next time they'll have a
                       Burning Cross out Front.
                         

                       They're trying to get to you, like
                       you said they want to intimidate make
                       themselves feared. If you don't let
                       'em scare you. They got nothing. But
                       keep your eyes open. Be Cool.
                         

                       That's the problem we've been too
                       Cool!
                         

                       Way too Cool!
                         

                       Maybe the both of you should call The
                       Cops.

                            How we know this ain't some of the
                            KKK's Honky-Pig-Partners passing out
                            this Shit!
                         
               Patrice and Ron step away from Odetta and Hakeem. They walk
               and talk.
                         

                         
               A Fleet of Pickups rides uphill. A Flat Bed on the end of The
               Convoy has an Eighteen-Foot Wooden Cross fastened on it.
               A CSPD Patrol Car drives past The Convoy, headed downhill.
                         

                         
               Ivanhoe, riding with Flip, watches The Patrol Car pass in the
               opposite direction.
                         

                            Soak the Wood in Kerosene, we light a
                            Cig on a pack of matches. Gives us
                            time to Beat It before The Cross
                            catches Fire. Safeguard against CSPD.
                         

                            Must be quite a sight.
                         

                            The Best. You can see it for Miles.
                            Freaks out The Jew Media and puts
                            Niggers on their Nigger Toes.
                         
               They ride in silence for a moment.
                         

                            A lot of these Guys in The Army?
                         

                            Yeah, even got a few in Active Duty.
                         

                            Just finished my Second Tour in Nam.
                         
               Ivanhoe's eyes light up.
                         

                            Oh yeah? Know anything about C-4?
                         

                            Enough to make shit BLOW UP.
                Flip stops talking. He might've revealed a bit too much.
                         

                         

                         
                Ron watches as Walter and Felix argue through Night Vision
                Binoculars. Ron says on the Walkie-Talkie.
                         

                             Send another one.
                         

                         

                         
                Another Patrol Car passes.
                         

                             Damn, that's The Second One. Pigs are
                             out tonight.
                         

                         
                The Convoy crests The Hill, pulls to The Side of The Road.
                         
                The Klansmen dismount and gather around The Flatbed Truck
                carrying the Wooden Cross.
                         
                Another CSPD Patrol Car appears. It passes by, not slowing.
                         

                             That makes Three Piggy Wiggys.
                         
                Everyone stops what they're doing.
                         
                Felix turns and catches Flip's eye. It almost seems as if
                he's staring directly at Flip...
                         

                         

                         

                         
                lowers them, grins to himself.
                         

                             Good job, Men.
                         

                         

                         

               Peeling out, heading back down The Hill.
                         

                         
               Patrice comes outside and gets in the Car taking off. Felix
               has been watching her the whole time sitting in his pick up
               truck. He spits, tosses his cigarette and follows her.
                         

                         
               It's late. Ron's alone on the phone in mid-conversation. It
               is intercut with Devin Davis speaking on the sofa in his

                         

                            ...I don't share this with many
                            people, but My family had a Colored
                            Housekeeper growing up. Her name was
                            Pinky. She was probably the closest
                            Woman to me other than Mother.
                         

                            That surprises me.
                         

                            I know. People think I hate Negroes.
                            I don't and The Organization doesn't
                            either.
                         
               Ron gives a "This Is Crazy!" Look.
                         

                            They just need to be with their own.
                            That's what Pinky would say, she had
                            no problem with Segregation because
                            she wanted to be with her own kind.
                         

                            Sounds like she was a Mammy to you.
                         

                            She was. You ever see "Gone with the
                            Wind"? Pinky was my Hattie McDaniel.
                            She won an Oscar for Best Supporting
                            Actress.
                         

                            You were Scarlett and she was Mammy.
                         

                            That's right. When she passed away it
                            was like we lost one of the Family.

                          A good Nigger's funny that way. In
                          that sense they're like a Dog. They
                          can get real close to you and when
                          you lose em'. Just breaks your heart.
                         

                          Well said Ron.
                         

                          I knew a Nigger once.
                         

                          Didja?
                         

                          Yeah. Nigger lived across the street
                          from us. I must of been Six or Seven.
                          His nickname was Butter Biscuit.
                         

                          How'd he get that nickname?
                         

                          He loved his Mama's Butter Biscuits.
                         

                          Yum Yum!!!
                         

                          Me and Butter Biscuit played together
                          everyday. One day My Father came home
                          early from work and told me I
                          couldn't play with him anymore
                          because I was White and Butter
                          Biscuit was a Nigger.
                         

                         
          Davis laughs.
                         

                          That's rich.
                         
          Ron's face reveals the story is probably true, but reversed.
                         

                          Ain't it.
                         

                          Your Father sounds like a Terrific
                          Man.
                         

                          Thanks, Buddy.

                            Well, you're an upstanding White
                            Christian Man. I tell you this is why
                            we need more people like us in Public
                            Office. To get this Country back on
                            Track.
                         

                            Amen.
                         

                            For America to Achieve our
                            Greatness... again.
                         

                            Absolutely. Sure wish we had the
                            chance to chat Face to Face.
                         

                            In due time, my friend, in due time.
                            I'll be in Colorado Springs for your
                            initiation...
                         

                            You'll be in Colorado Springs?
                         

                            You bet your Mayflower Society Ass I
                            will.
                         
               Ron smiles and takes a SMALL NOTE PAD from his jacket pocket
               and writes something down.
                         

                         
               Patrice sits in front of a MICROFILM READER.
                         

                         
               Her Face is covered with EMOTION as she rolls through the
               ghastly photos of BLACK LYNCHINGS.
                         

                         
               Ron is alone at his desk. He is on the Undercover Phone Line.
                         

                            We need a new Leader. Someone
                            everyone can unite behind. Felix
                            would Love to be The One but we can't
                            let that happen. He's a Crazy
                            Sonofvabitch. A Loose Cannon. We need
                            someone Articulate, who displays
                            Great Leadership qualities...
                                                        Cherry Revision 77.
                         

                        It should be you, Ron. You should be
                        Chapter President. You!!!
                         
           Ron sits there a moment, unable to say a word. After he

                         

                        That would be quite an Honor.
                         

                        You will be Great...
                         

                        I'll have to think about this. My
                        father is very ill and he lives in El
                        Paso. I won't have the time.
                         

                        You're a Smart and Diligent Man. I've
                        got no doubt you could handle it.

                         

                         
           The Car's parked across The Street from Felix's House. Ron
           listens in.
                         

                         
           The Whole Chapter is present. Half of them are open-carrying.
           In a corner, Ivanhoe teaches Flip the historic Klan
           handshake.
                         
           CLOSE - Index and Middle Finger extended along The Inside
           Wrist.
                         

                        I think it's time for some new Blood
                        to get in here. I'm planning to step
                        down as your President.
                         
           Members exchanged looks. Felix can't hide his smile.
                         

                        I'd like to make a nomination...
                        Mr. Ron Stallworth for Chapter
                        President.
                         
           The Room is Silent.
                         

                        We just met this Guy.

          He just walked in off the street.

                        Let me ask a question. Is there
                        anybody here that is willing to put
                        their Neck on the Line for Ron?
                         

                        I will vouch for Ron.
                         
           All eyes turn to Flip.
                         

                        It's a Big Honor but I can't accept.
                        Problem is, what you Good Men need is
                        a President who will be constant, on
                        CALL Day In, Day Out. I'll be back
                        and forth between here and Dallas.
                         

                         
           Ron on headphones squints, WORRIED, saying to himself.
                         

                        El Paso, Flip, El Paso...
                         

                         

                        Dallas? I thought it was El Paso.
                         
           The rest of the Chapter Members are paying attention now.
                         

                        Did I say Dallas?
                         

                        You sure did.
                         

                        Ron which One is it?
                         

                        Make up your mind.
                         
           The whole Room waits.
                         

                        Dallas is where my Plane layover is.
                        El Paso is where my sick Father is.
                         
           They buy it. We think.
                         

                        Dallas, where they killed that Nigger
                        Lover Kennedy.

                            Where you learned that?
                         

                            I can read.
                         
               The Chapter chatters in agreement.
                         

                            I just hope my Father isn't cared for
                            by some Texicano Spic Nurse.
                         
               Collective moans.
                         

                            We'll pray for ya Pop's health.
                         

                            And Big Spic Teets!!!
                         

                         
               Ron is on the Undercover Phone Line. Sgt. Trapp sits behind
               him. Ron has his Receiver out so that Trapp can listen in.
                         

                            I'm anxious to meet you and it will
                            be something I share with my Family
                            for Generations to come.
                         

                         

                         

                            I'm eager to meet you too, Ron.
                         
               Ron and Sgt. Trapp make eye contact. Sgt. Trapp nods, a laugh
               threatening to spring out of his Face.
                         

                            Say, Mr. Davis... I just have to ask.
                            Aren't you ever concerned about some
                            Smart-Aleck Negro calling you and
                            pretending to be White?
                         
               Sgt. Trapp covers his Mouth.
                         

                            No, I can always tell when I'm
                            talking to a Negro.
                         

                            How so?

                       Take you, for example. I can tell you
                       are a pure Aryan White Man by the way
                       you pronounce certain words.
                         
          Sgt. Trapp is doubled over now.
                         

                       Any examples?
                         

                       Take the word "are". A pure Aryan
                       like you or I would say it
                       correctly... like "are". Negroes
                       pronounce it "are-uh".
                         

                       You are so White... Right. I want to
                       thank you for this Lesson because if
                       you had not brought it to my
                       attention, I would never have noticed
                       the difference between how We talk
                       and how Negroes talk.
                         
          Sgt. Trapp is laughing so hard he is shaking violently. He
          shakes his head as if to implore Ron to stop.
                         

                       From now on I'm going to pay close
                       attention to my Telephone
                       conversations so I can make sure I'm
                       not talking to one of dem' Sneaky
                       Coloreds.
                         
          Ron cups The Receiver, looks at Sgt. Trapp, whispers.
                         

                       You okay?
                         
          Sgt. Trapp gets up and bumbles away. Ron speaks into The

                         

                       I would love to continue this
                       conversation when you are in Colorado
                       Springs. Beautiful here, Sir. God's
                       Country.
                         

                       That's what I've heard, Ron. You have
                       a nice day.
                         

                       You too, Sir. God Bless White
                       America.
                Ron hangs up, laughing. He calls to Sgt. Trapp:
                         

                             It's over!!! You can come back!!!
                         

                         
                Just then-- The Undercover Phone rings. Ron hesitates. It's
                strange timing. He picks up.
                         

                             Hello?
                         

                             It's Felix.
                         
                Ron quickly cups The Receiver.
                         

                             Catch you at a bad time?
                         

                             Not at all. Just... finishing a Meal.
                         

                             Meeting. My House. Now. Git ya Ass in
                             gear and don't tell Mealy Mouth
                             Walter.
                         

                         
                Flip looks down at a Steel Door built into The Ground, its
                latch left open. He looks around. Paranoid.
                         

                         
                Flip enters The Short Stairwell, steps to The Cement Floor.
                         

                             Welcome to The Promised Land.
                         
                The Room is Tight. Military Outfits hang from The Wall,
                surrounding The Group of Klansmen, who sit on Milk Crates. In
                the corner, a Sniper Rifle rests on a swivel near Boxes of
                Canned Goods and Stacked Cots.
                         
                Flip finds an empty Crate, Squats.
                         
                Felix stands underneath a single hanging Light-Bulb.
                         

                             In about a week's time, we will be
                             welcoming Mr. Davis to our City.
                         
                Felix lets that hang in The Air for a moment.

                       Who's packing tonight?
                         
          Ivanhoe goes upside his head with his handgun.

                         I'm packed.
                         
          One by one, Brothers brandish Weapons. Except Flip.
                         

                         Where's your Piece, Ron?
                         

                         I don't carry it on me All The Time.
                         
          The Chapter Members laugh teasingly.
                         

                         I got ya covered.
                         

                         Won't happen again.
                         
          Felix reaches behind his back, pulls out a Sharpe &amp; Gibson
          .45 caliber and hands it to Flip.
                         

                         We're gonna need your Good Shot come
                         next Sunday.
                         

                         What's gonna happen next Sunday?
                         
          A beat. Felix regards the rest of the Men with gravity.
                         

                         The War is gonna come to us.
                         

                         Fuck ya'.
                         
          Felix grins.
                         

                         Looks like we got ourselves another
                         Soldier.
                         

                         Just make sure that when you're at
                         The Steakhouse, you've got your new
                         friend with Ya.
                         

                         And give it a name.
                         

                         
          Felix and Connie are in bed, she is lying on his chest.

          Honey, you ever have second thoughts?
                         

          About what?
                         

          Killin' 'em.
                         

          Never think twice about Killin'
          Niggers.

                          Won't be able to take it back.
                         

                          They're da' first of many Niggers
                          that must die, Honey Bun.
                         

                          I know. It's just... becoming so
                          real. It's always seemed like a
                          dream.
                         
          Felix sits up, reflecting, proud and determined.
                         

                          I know. It's just so beautiful. We're
                          cleansing this Country of a
                          backwards Race of Monkey's. First the
                          Spooks then the Kikes.
                         
          Felix sits up raising his hand like Martin Luther King.
                         

                          Free at last! Free at Last! Thank God
                          a'mighty - Free a' dem Niggers At
                          Last!!!
                         
          They chuckle.
                         

                          I love when you do that, Honey.
                         
          Connie looks into his eyes, also reflective.
                         

                          You know, we've talked about killing
                          Niggers for so many years and now
                          it's really happening.
                         

                          My Old Man always told me good things
                          come to those who wait.
                         
          She touches the side of his face, very loving.
                         

                          Thank you for bringing me into you
                          Life. For loving me like you do and
                          giving me a purpose, direction.
                         

                          Y'know, this will be the Shot heard
                          around The World.

          The New Boston Tea Party.

                             Honey Bun, one day, The Great
                             Historians will write about us like
                             that. They'll say we were the
                             Patriots that saved America. You and
                             me. We turned the Tide. Saved our
                             True White Race... it fact, saved an
                             entire Nation and brought it back to
                             its Glorious Destiny.
                         

                             In a way, we're The New Founding
                             Fathers.
                         
                This strikes Felix. He sits there soaking it in. He finally
                turns to Connie.
                         

                             Yes we are... Martha.
                         

                             Indeed we are... George.
                The Couple Kiss each other passionately.
                         

                         

                         

                         
                Ron arrives. Sits at his Desk. A deep sigh. But then...
                         
                He sees something. On his Desk. A Simple Note:
                         

                         

                         
                Ron's Car is parked, and another Car drives up and parks
                across from him.
                         

                         
                AGENT Y -  in a Suit - gets out the car and Ron follows
                suit.
                         

                             Mr. Stallworth.
                         

                             Agent... Y?

                         

                       Names of Chapter Members?
                         
          Agent Y shows Ron a folder and runs his Finger down The List
          and suddenly stops. He then continues going down The List,
          then stops again. He pulls out a Small Ledger and makes a
          note.
                         

                       What is this about?
                         
          Agent Y turns back.
                         

                       Two Names on your list work at NORAD.
                         

                       The Two Mystery men. Steve and Jerry?
                         

                       Their real names are Harry Dricks and
                       Kevin Nelson. Two Clowns with Top
                       Security clearances. These Klansmen
                       are in charge of monitoring our
                       Safety.
                         
          Agent Y lets this sink in. Even Ron is surprised by this.
                         

                       You've done a Service to your
                       Country.
                         
          Agent Y slips Ron a folder full of Papers.
                         

                       We've been monitoring your
                       Investigation. Impressive.
                         
          Ron flips through the Papers. Various documents about The
          History of The Colorado Klan.
          Agent Y takes a thoughtful pause.
                         

                       Last night, Fort Carson reported
                       several C4 Explosives missing from
                       their Armory. No suspects.
                         

                       Klan...?
                         
          Agent Y doesn't say anything. Not confirming, not denying.
                         

                       We thought they might pull something.
                       But not like this?
                         

                       You won't see this on the News. For
                       obvious reasons but I thought it
                       might be of interest to you.
                         
          Agent Y rises to his feet. Ron rises as well.
                         

                       If you know about an attack, I need
                       to know when.
                         

                       You're the one with the Impressive
                       Investigation.
                         
          Agent Y walks to his car.
                         

                       But... can't you, The FBI pitch in?
                         
          Agent Y gets in his car.
                         

                       Federal Bureau of Investigation?
                         
          Ron just looks at him.
                         

                       Because we never had this
                       conversation.
                         
          Agent Y drives off.
          Felix and Flip are alone.
                         

                       Flip, I'm starting to trust you. I'm
                       gonna tell you something none of our
                       Brothers know. My lil' sister married
                       a Nigger. Now I got a lil' Nigger
                       Niece and a lil' Nigger Nephew. Jesus
                       Christ, The World's going to Hell in
                       a Handbasket! Do me a favor, don't
                       tell nobody. Cuz' if you do, I'm
                       gonna have to shoot you dead. I'm
                       serious.
                         

                       Thanks for sharing.
                         

                         
          Ron and Patrice are going at it on the Porch. The Freedom
          House Protestors assemble on the street to March on the KKK.
                         

                       You can hate me all you want to, just
                       promise me you won't go to The
                       Protest.
                         

                       I'm going. We're going. What are you
                       talking about?
                         

                       I can't say specifics but today, The
                       Klan is planning an Attack.
                         

                       Then we have to tell The People.
                         

                       Not an option.

                       What's wrong with you?
                         

                       No one can know while it's an Active
                       Investigation...
                         

                       Active Investigation? And pray tell
                       how do you know all this? You a Cop?
                         

                       I'm not a Cop.
                         
          Silence.
                         

                       What are you, then?...
                         
          Ron takes a moment. Then...
                         

                       ...I'm a Undercover Detective. I've
                       been investigating The Klan.
                         

                       Fuckin' KKK? Ron Stallworth, you lied
                       to me. Is that even your real name?
                         

                       Ron Stallworth is my first and last
                       name. Today's not the day...
                         

                       I take my Duties as President Of The
                       Black Student Union seriously. What
                       is this all about?
                         

                       All the good it does. You could sit
                       in the middle of Nevada Avenue and
                       set yourself on Fire and The Klan
                       will still be here.
                         

                       I'd be doing something. Unlike you.
                         

                       Unlike Me? Don't think because I'm
                       not wearing a Black Beret, Black
                       Leather Jacket and Black Ray Bans
                       screaming "KILL WHITEY" doesn't mean
                       I don't care about my People.
                         
          Patrice takes this in.

                        That night we saw Brother Kwame...
                        were you Undercover then too?
                         

                        Patrice...
                         

                        ...Answer the question. Were you
                        Undercover The Night we met?
                         
           Ron is silent.
                         

                        Ron Stallworth are you for Revolution
                        and The Liberation of Black People?
                         

                        I'm a Undercover Detective for The
                        Colorado Springs Police Department.
                        It's my J-O-B.
                         

                        House Niggers said they had J-O-B-S
                        too. You disgust me.

                         

                         
           Butch is on the phone.
                         

                        It's off.
                         

                         
           INTERCUT WITH BUTCH. Ron on the phone with Butch.
                         

                        The March?
                         

                        Yeah.
                         

                        What's going on?
                         

                        You'll know soon enough.
                         
           CLICK! Ron hangs up the phone, dreading this. He turns to
           Sgt. Trapp and Flip who have been standing there, listening.

                         Felix just said the March was
                         cancelled.
                         

                         Why?
                         
          All Ron can do is shake his head. He paces, concerned.
                         

                         Could be all the Death Threats.
                         

                         They're used to that.
                         

                         And there's been nothing more about
                         explosives?
                         

                         No.
                         
          Chief Bridges walks in unexpectedly with Landers. Everyone
          snaps up, respectful.
                         

                         ...I have a Special Assignment for
                         Ron.
                         

                         Ron already has an assignment.
                         

                         What's more important than preventing
                         an Attack?
                         
          Chief Bridges hands Ron "The Devin Davis Death Threat Fax."
                         

                         There are very credible threats to
                         Devin Davis's Life. Ron, I'm
                         assigning you to be Security Detail
                         for Davis.
                         
          A Shockwave.
                         

                         I don't think that's a wise
                         decision...

                          ...Davis needs protection. There's no
                          one else available.
                         

                          Ron, it's Nut Cracking Time. Put your
                          Personal Politics aside.
                         

                          Chief, it's not about that and you
                          know it. Devin Davis and Ron have
                          been speaking over the phone, several
                          times. If he recognizes his voice...
                          or if any of The Klansmen do, it
                          could compromise Our Entire
                          Investigation.
                         

                          A Clusterfuck.
                         
          CHIEF BRIDGES curls a smile.
                         

                          Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't
                          you boast that you were fluent in
                          both English and Jive?
                         
          Ron is quiet.
                         

                          Do you remember that?
                         

                          Answer The Chief!
                         
          Ron goes at Landers.
                         

                          Man, who you think you're talking to.
                          You've been trying to sabotage me
                          since Day One.
                         

                          Gentlemen.
                         

                          Why you getting so worked up, Boy?
                         

                          Who you callin' Boy?
                         
          Chief raises his eyebrows from the comment. A pissed Master
          Patrolman Landers turns to Chief Bridges for support but he
          says nothing. Landers then Exits. Chief says to Ron.

                       If you let him get to you that easy,
                       you ain't got a Shot with Devin
                       Davis.
                         
          Ron takes his SMALL NOTE PAD out and writes something down
          again. Chief Bridges looks at him confused.
                         

                         
          A work light shines over them. WALKER, 40's, a tattooed Ex-
          Con and Demolitions Expert, instructs Felix, Ivanhoe and
          Connie. They stand around a large work bench in the garage.
          He carefully removes a large C4 Bomb from his gym bag.
                         

                       Listen up. First, The Primary Target.
                         
          Walker speaks to Connie. He sets The Bomb on the work bench.
                         

                       Felix says you're doing it. So all
                       you have to do is set the pocketbook
                       on the front porch, back porch, side
                       wall, doesn't matter. It just has to
                       be against the building. You can
                       plant it anywhere. There's enough C4
                       here to take the whole thing out.
                         
          Walker hands the C4 to Felix.
                         

                       Be careful with that.
                         

                       Understand?
                         
          Felix hands the C4 to Connie.
                         

                       I understand.
                         

                       All you have to do when you've placed
                       it...
                         
          Walker puts his Finger on the Toggle Switch.
                         

                       ...is flip this switch. That's it.
                       Got it?
                         
          Walker passes the detonator to Felix, who passes it to
          Connie.

                       Miss Black Student Union Bitch is
                       bringing in some Old Coon to speak.
                       The place should be packed. So
                       Walker, nothing but rubble...
                         

                       ...And Barbecue Niggers.
                         
          Ivanhoe laughs, liking that. Walker carefully removes another
          Smaller Bomb from the bag. He can hold it in one hand.

                       And what happens if that don't work?
                         

                       Plan B.
                         

                       Can you handle it, Honey?
                         

                       You can count on me. I've been
                       waiting to do my part.
                         
          He gives her a peck on the lips.
                         

                       Lovebirds. Get a Hotel Room.
                         
          Connie puts the C-4, Smaller Bomb and Detonator into her
          Pocketbook. Ivanhoe reaches for it.
                         

                       Can I feel it?
                         

                       No!!! No feel!!!
                         

                         
          Ron still in plain clothes parks his unmarked car in the lot
          of The Luxurious Antlers Hotel on South Cascade Ave.
                         
          He walks toward the entrance, where the Six Bikers stand
          around Davis' Sedan. The Bikers all look up simultaneously.
                         

                       I'm Mr. Davis' Security Detail.
                         
          They look at each other, then back at Ron. They say nothing.
                         
          Just then Davis emerges from The Hotel, wearing a neatly
          pressed Suit and Tie. He nods to the Bikers, then looks up at
          the Plainclothes Black Detective in front of him.
                         
          Ron steps forward, extending a hand.
                         

                       Hello, Mr. Davis. I'm a Detective
                       from The Colorado Springs Police
                       Department and I will be acting as
                       your Bodyguard today.
                         
          Davis smiles and shakes Ron's hand.

                       Detective, pleased to meet you.
                         

                       As you may know, there have been
                       several credible Threats against your
                       Well-Being.
                         
          Walter and Ivanhoe walk outside The Hotel seeing Ron standing
          with Devin Davis.
                         

                       Da Heck's going on here?

                       There are Threats on my Life. This
                       Detective has been assigned as my
                       Bodyguard.
                         
          Walter and Ivanhoe smile broadly. Ron changes his VOICE
          slightly for Walter.
                         

                       Let me be clear, Mr. Davis: I do not
                       agree with your Philosophies. However
                       I am a Professional and I will do
                       everything within my means and beyond
                       to keep you safe.
                         
          Davis stands there a moment, processing all of this. Maybe
          he's heard that voice somewhere before? Then...
                         

                       I appreciate your Professionalism.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                         
          BIKERS that look like Hells Angels Types lead a Motorcade
          through the streets of Colorado Springs with Two Vans behind
          them.
                         

                         

                         
          The Van pulls up and the Door is RIPPED open. Walter stands
          there, big smile on his face as Flip steps out.
                         

                       Sorry for the Extra Security today.
                       Can't be too careful. Ready to meet
                       Mr. Davis?
                         

                         
          Flip follows Walter to a large Table near the back, where
          Felix, Ivanhoe and other Chapter Members stand around
          chatting with Devin Davis.
          Everyone stands in line in awe of The Grand Wizard to shake
          his hand. Davis turns and smiles as Flip approaches.
                         

                       Mr. Davis, our newest recruit, Ron
                       Stallworth.
                         
          He shakes both of their Hands.
                         

                       Ron, it's my pleasure to finally meet
                       you in person.
                         
          Both of Davis' hands clasp Flip's hand tight.
                         

                       You as well.
                         
          Davis pauses a moment as he processes Flip's voice. Is this
          the same person he's been talking to on the phone?
                         
          Davis SLAPS Flip on the back appearing like best buddies. Ron
          stands in the Background.
                         

                         
          The room filled with People mingling eating Hors d'oeuvres.
          Walter stands between Flip and Davis as he holds Court.
                         
          Flip, Ivanhoe, Walter, Felix and Connie all drink it up
          totally impressed and star struck. Felix does a double take
          when he sees Ron.
                         

                       What's that doing here?
                         

                       Fuckin' Cop assigned to guard Mister
                       Davis. Isn't that the livin' Shits?
                         

                       Everybody, it is time.
                         
          Felix stares at Ron, pondering the door meeting.
                         

                       You stay here. Ya hear?
                         

                         
          The Mood now Solemn and Deadly Serious and Religious. Flip
          and Ten other INDUCTEES stand in a cramped waiting room. They
          all wear Klan robes and White Lone Ranger Masks. The other
          inductees are grinning ear to ear, like Kids on Early Morning
          Christmas.
          JESSE NAYYAR steps in. Jesse is 35, Clean-Shaven, in shape
          underneath his flowing Klan robe.
                         

                       I'm Jesse Nayyar, Colorado's Grand
                       Dragon. I welcome you all to this
                       Sacred Ceremony.
                         
          Jesse stands tall, beaming. Flip wipes his brow.
                         

                       In a moment you will take a Life Oath
                       to join the most Sacred Brotherhood
                       this Nation has ever seen.
                         
          Jesse allows for a dramatic pause. Davis addresses them.
                         

                       My Brothers in Christ, Nobel Prize
                       recipient and Co-Creator of the
                       Transistor and my dear friend,
                       William Shockley, whose Scientific
                       work ushered in the Computer Age, has
                       proven through his Research with
                       Eugenics that each of us have flowing
                       through our veins the Genes of a
                       Superior Race. Today, we celebrate
                       that Truth.
                         
          Flip and the others stand strong and ready.
                         

                       Hoods on, Gentlemen.
                         
          The Inductees take off the Masks and put on their Hoods,
          covering their Faces. Flip hesitates, then pulls his hood on.
                         

                         
          Ron sees a Black WAITER, JOSH, 50, and nears him, whispering
          in his ear. The Waiter looks around and gestures for Ron to
          follow him. Ron follows Josh up a back set of stairs. He
          points to a door and Ron SLAPS twenty dollars in his hand.
          Josh leaves. Ron goes through the door.
                         

                         
          Ron enters the small storage room full of Janitorial
          supplies. He looks through a small window down at the Private
          Room below.

                         
          The House is filled to capacity watching Patrice speak at the
          podium as JEROME TURNER, Black, 90 Years Young, a
          distinguished Gentleman, sits across from her.
                         

                       I am extremely honored today to
                       introduce our speaker for today
                       Mister Jerome Turner. Mr. Turner was
                       born in 1898 in Waco, Texas.
                         

                         
          The Inductees step inside a dark room lit only by Candles.
          Devin Davis' Voice, ghostly, Calls from The Darkness.
                         

                       God... give us True White Men. The
                       Invisible Empire demands strong
                       Minds, Great Heart, True Faith, and
                       ready hands...
                         
          The Inductees align themselves in a row.
                         

                       Men who have Honor. Men who will not
                       Lie. Men who can stand before a
                       Demagogue and damn his treacherous
                       flatteries without blinking.
                         
          Flip can see Davis now, illuminated by Candles, wearing his
          own Ceremonial Robe. His Hood does not cover his Face.
                         

                         

                         
          Turner is at the Podium. He speaks slowly but with strength.
                         

                       It was a nice spring day, Waco, Texas
                       May 15th, Nineteen Hundred and
                       Sixteen.

                         

                         
          Flip looks around and the Room comes into Focus: He is
          surrounded, on all sides, by Klansmen wearing Robes and Hoods
          and holding Candles. It's a Surreal, Hair-Raising experience.
                         

                       Jesse Washington was a friend of
                       mine. He was Seventeen, I was
                       Eighteen. He was what they called
                       back then, Slow. Today it's called
                       Mentally Retarded.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                       They claim Jesse Raped and Murdered a
                       White Woman named Lucy Fryer. They
                       put Jesse on Trial and he was
                       convicted by an All White Jury after
                       deliberating for Four Minutes.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                       God give us real Men, Courageous, who
                       flinch not at Duty. Men of Dependable
                       Character, Men of Sterling Worth.
                       Then Wrongs will be Redressed and
                       Right will Rule The Earth. God give
                       us True White Men!
                         
          Silence. Then...
                         

                       Ron Stallworth, come forward.

                         

                         
          Ron looks down from the window. Flip steps toward Davis.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                       I was working at the Shoe Shine
                       Parlor. After the verdict, a Mob
                       grabbed Jesse, wrapped a Chain around
                       his Neck and dragged him out the
                       Court House.
                         

                         

                         

                       I knew I had to hide.
                         

                         

                         

                       Ron Stallworth. Are you a White, Non-
                       Jewish American Citizen?
                         
          Flip is breathing hard.
                         

                       Yes.
                         

                       Yes, what?
                         

                       I am a White, Non-Jewish American
                       Citizen.

                         

                         

                         
          Tears roll down her face.
                         

                       The Attic of the Parlor had a Small
                       Window and I watched below as The Mob
                       marched Jesse along Stabbing and
                       Beating him. Finally, they held Jesse
                       down and cut his Testicles off in
                       Front of City Hall.
                         

                         

                       The Police and City Officials were
                       out there just watching like it was a
                       4th of July Parade.
                         

                         

                         
          Davis looks into Flip's Eyes. Flip returns The Stare.
                         

                       Are you in favor of a White Man's
                       Government in this Country?
                         

                         
          Candles from The Ceremony reflecting in the window in front
          of Ron's face as he watches The Madness.
                         

                       They cut off Jesse's Fingers and
                       poured Coal Oil over his Bloody Body,
                       lit a Bonfire and for two hours they
                       raised and lowered Jesse into the
                       Flames over and over and over again.
                         

                         

                         
          CLOSE - Flip stands there holding in his emotions.

                         

                         

                       The Mayor had a Photographer by the
                       name of Gildersleeve come and take
                       Pictures of the whole Lynching.
                         

                       Ron Stallworth. Are you willing to
                       dedicate your Life to the Protection,
                       Preservation and Advancement of the
                       White Race?
                         

                         

                         
          Horrific, Barbaric, Simply Unreal!
                         

                         

                         
          Devin Davis holds an Aspergillus in one Hand, a Bowl of Water
          in the other Hand. The Inductees drop to their knees.
                         

                       In Mind, in Body, in Spirit.
                         
          Davis sprinkles Water on each Inductee.
                         

                         

                         
          More Lynching Photos!!!
                         

                       The Pictures were sold as Post Cards.
                       They put Jesse's charred Body in a
                       Bag and dragged it through Town then
                       sold what was left of his remains as
                       Souvenirs.
                         

                         

                         
          CLAPPING and CHEERING from the Audience filled with Pride.
          The Inductees on their Feet. The End of The Ceremony.
          Wives and Parents are crying with Joy. Children watch.

                              Good White Folks cheered and laughed
                              and had a High Ole' Time. They
                              estimate close to Fifteen Thousand
                              people watched it. They brought The
                              Children out on Lunch hour from
                              School. All I could do was Watch and
                              Pray they wouldn't find me.
                         

                         
                MORE LYNCHING PHOTOS of The Enormous Crowd. No one Hides
                their Faces. Everyone is proud to be there.
                         

                         
                The Crowd at the Lecture is Destroyed by The Story. People
                are Weeping, Tears streaming down faces, Odetta and Hakeem
                sit there, stunned. Patrice her Eyes Red with Tears leads the
                audience around the room examining the LYNCHING PHOTOS that
                are on display.
                         

                Ron sees Flip's Ceremony completed and goes downstairs.
                         

                         
                The lights are now on, The Candles extinguished, The Hoods
                have been removed. Everyone sits watching as D.W. Griffith's
                The Birth of a Nation is projected on a Screen. The newly
                installed Klansmen and their Families watching the Film with
                faces of amazement.
                         

                              One of the reasons they did that to
                              Jesse was that Birth of a Nation
                              Movie had come out a year before. It
                              gave The Klan a Rebirth. It was what
                              was a Big, Big thing back then. Today
                              what they call a Blockbuster!
                              Everybody saw it. They say even The
                              President of The United States,
                              Woodrow Wilson showed the Movie in
                              the White House, he said "it was
                              History written with Lighting".
                         
                Davis, Flip, Felix, Ivanhoe, Walter and the others watch
                captivated. The Klan riding to the rescue defeating The Black
                Beasts!!!
                         

                         
                observes it all from the back of the room, the only Black
                person there. He is like an Alien from Another Planet.

                         

                         
          It's a large space with a long banquet table. Walter welcomes
          Davis up to The Head Table podium.
                         

                        Please everyone rise as The Grand
                        Wizard leads us in a toast.
                         
          Davis steps to the podium raising his glass.
                         

                        Look around, today we are privileged
                        to be among White Men such as
                        yourselves, Real Warriors for The
                        Real America, the One Our Ancestors
                        Fought and Died for.
                         
          Everyone's face in the room brightens as Davis fills them all
          with inspiration.
                         

                        We are the True White American Race
                        the Backbone from whence came Our
                        Great Southern Heritage. To the USA!
                         
          Everyone in the Hall shouts: TO THE USA! Everyone stands,
          hoisting their glasses upward. Ron can see Holsters-- on
          Belts, on Legs, on Ankles.
                         
          Ron's mouth goes agape realizing Everyone in the Room is
          Armed.
                         
          Devin Davis at the Banquet table shoves a forkful of Prime
          Rib into his mouth as he chats casually with Walter and
          Jesse.
                         
          Felix and Connie sit near The Head Table, eating. Flip sits
          on the opposite end. Ron watches as Connie rises from her
          seat. She leans down giving Felix a peck on his Cheek.
                         

                         
          leaves the banquet hall and Ron watches her go out the front
          door. Felix goes over to Davis, leaning down to greet him.
                         

                        I just want to say how Honored I am
                        to be in your presence.
                         
          They shake hands in the traditional Klan manner.

          The Honor is Mine.

                         
          walks through the maze of tables with his second helping of
          food when he notices...
                         

                         
          talking at the table with Walter and Davis. Flip is very
          chummy laughing and telling stories with them like old
          friends.
                         
          Walker stares hard at Flip like he's trying to place him. He
          sits next to Felix, still staring at Flip. Walker nods to
          himself, speaking quietly.
                         

                       He's a Cop.
                         

                       Who?
                         

                       That Guy.
                         
          Felix looks at Flip.
                         

                       Ron?
                         

                       No, the other Guy.
                         
          Walker is talking about Flip too.
                         

                       Ron's a Cop?
                         

                       No, his name is Phillip but his
                       nickname is Flip.
                         

                       Who's Phillip?
                         
          Walker looks at Flip as he speaks to Davis.
                         

                       Who's Ron, that's Phillip.
                         

                       What the Fuck are you talking about?

                       That guy was the Cop that sent me
                       away to Prison for Armed Fucking
                       Robbery.
                         
          Flip eating with Davis.

                       His name is Phillip... Phillip
                       Zimmerman.
                         
          Felix is shocked.
                         

                       What!
                         

                       Yeah, he's a Fuckin' Pig.
                         

                       What's his name?
                         

                       Phillip Zimmerman.
                         

                       Isn't that a Jew name?
                         

                       I don't know... probably.
                         

                       So Ron Stallworth is a Fucking Jew.
                         

                       Coulda' been worse.
                         
          Felix looks at him.
                         

                       Coulda' been a Nigger.
                         
          Felix thinks to himself, then looks over at
                         

                         
          who is standing not far away from Devin Davis. Ron is

                         

                         
          and Walker focusing on Flip. The Two, Ron and Felix, share a
          long uncomfortable stare. Felix has figured it all out.
                         

                       He's a Nigger.
                         
          Walker turns to Felix.
                         

                       That Cop guarding Davis. Zimmerman is
                       using his name.

                         Let's tell Davis.
                         
          Walker starts to rise, Felix lowers him back.
                         

                         Not now, I'll find the moment.
                         
          Felix turns to Connie, whispering, they all then rise. Ron
          knows something is askew. He gives Flip a look. Flip sees it
          as Ron walks over to Davis.
                         

                         ...Mr. Davis, a favor to ask.
                         Nobody's gonna believe me when I tell
                         them I was your Bodyguard.
                         
          Ron holds up a Polaroid Camera.
                         

                         Care to take a Photo with me?
                         
          Davis laughs, looking around the table.
                         

                         I don't see any harm in that. Hey
                         Jesse... why don't you get in here
                         too?
                         
          Jesse Nayyar, equally amused, walks over. Flip is already out
          of his Seat, walking to Ron. Ron glances over seeing
                         

                         
          Connie has her purse and Walker hands her a gym bag. Felix
          pecks her on the lips. She exits the steakhouse with the gym
          bag.
                         

                         
          then turns to Flip.
                         

                         You mind taking it, Sir?
                         

                         
          Flip nods and Ron hands him The Polaroid Camera.
                         
          Ron walks back and stands in between Davis, THE GRAND WIZARD
          and Jesse, THE GRAND DRAGON.

                       One... Two... Three!
                         
          Right as the Camera Flashes, Ron drapes his arms around both
          Davis and Jesse, pulling them in real close. The Polaroid
          clicks and spits out the Photo instantly.
                         
          Davis is startled for a brief second... then it all happens
          in a FLASH.
                         
          Davis and Ron spring toward Flip, each making a Mad Dash for
          the Photo. Ron grabs it first. Davis lunges to grab the Photo
          from Ron's hands but Ron yanks it away. Davis is up in Ron's
          Face.
                         

                       Nigger, What the Fuck did you just
                       do?
                         

                       If you lay one Finger on me, I'll
                       arrest you for assaulting a Police
                       Officer. That's worth about Five
                       Years in Prison. Try me. See if I'm
                       playing.
                         
          The Room falls into Dead Silence. Klansmen mouths hang open,
          watching their Leaders threatened by a DETECTIVE NIGGER.
          Davis gives Ron the most vicious look imaginable.
                         
          Ron stares back. It's a SHOWDOWN. Several Men in the Room
          have their hands at their Waists, seconds away from drawing
          their Guns.
                         
          Ron can do only one thing: he smiles.
                         

                       Thanks for the Photo, Mr. Davis. Big
                       Fan. God Bless WHITE AMERICA.
                         
          Davis shakes his Head in Disgust.
                         
          Bikers and others surround Ron. Flip looks wary knowing
          something is up. He gets in Ron's face, threatening.
                         

                       Boy you get ya' ass out NOW!
                         
          Ron breaks off from the roomful of disdain cutting through
          the watching Crowd pushing past Bodies heading toward the
          front door. Suddenly, Ron's arm is grabbed...
                         

                       Where's your Patrice?
               Ron turns finding Felix holding his arm.
                         

                            Detective Stallworth!
               Ron JERKS his arm away heading to the exit.
                         

                         
               Ron rushes through the Lot hopping in his unmarked Car.
                         

               Ron throws the Car into gear. He Yells into his Radio.
                         

                            Attention all Units. Be on the
                            lookout for a White Pickup with a
                            "White Pride" Bumper Sticker. License
                            plate: KE-4108.
                         
               Ron guns it down the street.
                         

                            Request Backup. FREEDOM HOUSE.
                         

                         
               Walker and Felix sit on both sides of Flip. Flip grins at
               them, then does a double take at Walker, who stares at him.
                         

                            Ron, I believe you know my friend.
                         
               Flip stares at Walker playing it totally cool.
                         

                            No, I don't believe we've ever met.
                         

                            It's been a few years.
                         

                            No, sorry, I can't place you.
                         

                            Did you Guys go to School together?
                         

                            No, I went to a Private School in
                            Leavenworth, Kansas.
                         

                            Isn't that where the Prison is?

                              Matter a fact it is.
                         
               Walker looks at Flip, who says nothing.
                         

                              You know something about that. Don't
                              you, Flip?
                         
               Felix's eyes burn into Flip, who doesn't flinch. Suddenly,
               Josh the Waiter interrupts.
                         

                              There's an emergency phone call in
                              the Lobby for a -- Felix Kendrickson.
                         
               Felix rises.
                         

                              Don't say another word.
                              I'll be right back. Flip.
                         
               Felix walks off. Walker watches him leave turning to Flip,
               who plays it cool. A confused Davis observes it all.
                         

                         

                         
               Across the street from the Freedom House, a nervous Connie is
               on the phone clearly rattled.
                         

                              Jesus! They've got Cops everywhere
                              here! Somebody tipped them off.
                         
               A Police Cruiser drives past.
                         

                              My God there goes another one!
                         

                         
               Felix talks to her from the Lobby of The Steakhouse trying to
               keep their conversation private.
                         

                              All right, calm down, we planned for
                              this. We'll go to Plan B. Okay?
                         

                              Okay... Plan B.

          You can do this. All right. I'll be
          right there.

                       All right... Love You.
                         
          Dial tone. Felix has already hung up. She hangs up.
                         

                         
          Felix eyes Walker at the table with Flip and Davis. Felix
          waves to Walker. Ivanhoe sees Felix and rushes to join them.
                         

                       Excuse me Mister Davis.
                         
          Walker reluctantly leaves.
                         

                       What was all that about? And why did
                       he keep calling you Flip?
                         

                       We were in Prison together. Years
                       ago. It's an inside joke.
                         
          Davis nods, concerned.
                         

                       I hope everything's all right?
                         

                       Yeah, but I think he may have
                       violated his Parole. Excuse me...
          Flip stands watching Felix and Gang exit the Steakhouse.
                         

          Ron's Car weaves in between Traffic driving like crazy.
                         

                         
          Ron zooms up to Freedom House SCREECHING to a stop! The event
          is over. There are a few people outside conversing after the
          event. Ron sees Hakeem and jumps out of the car.
                         

                       Where's Patrice???
                         

                       Patrice and Odetta took Mister
                       Hopkins to his Hotel.
                         
          Ron jumps back in his Ride and burns rubber heading to
          Patrice's place!

                         
            Ivanhoe speeds toward Patrice's House with Felix in the
            passenger seat and Walker hovering over them in the rear.
                         

                         

                         
            Connie drives up. She sits there for a long moment staring at
            Patrice's House. Connie decides. She gets out of the Car
            carrying her purse. She looks like an Avon lady coming to
            call. She walks up on Patrice's porch looking around. She

                         

                         
            down by a pillar on the porch and slowly removes the Bomb.
            She opens the mailbox to place the Bomb. She nervously flips
            the toggle switch when she sees...
                         

                         
            Patrice drives up. Flustered, Connie grabs her purse to put
            the Bomb back inside while looking at Patrice and Odetta
            getting out of the Car and getting Groceries from the trunk.
                         
            Patrice talks to Odetta, not noticing Connie. Connie quickly
            leaves the porch striding to her car sweating, crazy nervous.
            Patrice and Odetta talk, entering her House.
                         

                         
            briskly moves toward the rear of Patrice's Car.
                         

                         
            Ron whips around the corner seeing Connie through the
            windshield! He SCREECHES to a stop!
                         
            Connie tries to nonchalantly head back to her vehicle.
                         
            Ron jumps out the car yelling!
                         

                          CSPD! Stay where you are!
                         
            Connie looks back at Ron, increasing her pace.
                         

                          Don't move!!!
                         
            Connie breaks into a run. Ron dashes after her grabbing her
            as she opens the Pick Up Truck door.

                       Where's that Bomb? Did you place it!
                         
          The Two fight as she SCREAMS, scratching and clawing at Ron.
          The Fight moves from the Pick Up Truck as he throws her down
          on the grass of a near by lawn, subduing the SCREAMING
          Connie.
                         

                       Where is it!!!
                         
          Ron reaches back for his handcuffs...
                         

                       Freeze!
                         
          Ron looks right and OFFICER BRICKHOUSE has his Gun pointed at
          him. Then looks left finding OFFICER MYERS, also White, 30's,
          has his revolver aimed at him.
                         

                       Get off her!
                         
          Ron slowly rises up off Connie, gradually turning to them.
          With his hands raised you can see Ron's shoulder holster and
          38 CALIBER SNUB-NOSE. Officer Myers sees it!
                         

                       He's got a Gun!
                         

                       I'm a Cop! I'm a COP!!!
                         
          Connie springs up from the lawn! Pleading like crazy to the
          cops!
                         

                       He attacked me! That Nigger attacked
                       me, he tried to Rape me! Arrest him!
                         
          Myers and Brickhouse look at each other, unsure.
                         

                       I'm Undercover!!!
                         

                       Show me your badge!
                         
          Ron goes to reach in his pocket but the two Officers make
          aggressive moves with their Guns! Ron catches himself! He
          doesn't want to get shot! He decides to just tell them.
                         

                       It's in my pocket.

                       You gonna believe this lying Nigger
                       or me?
                         

                       Get on the ground!
                         

                       I'm a Cop goddammit! She's got a
                       Bomb! She's a Terrorist!
                         

                       Get on the ground NOW!!!
                         
          Ron slowly lowers down to his knees and the two Cops push him
          face down on the street! Felix drives up with Ivanhoe and
          Walker in the back seat.
                         

          Felix has pulled up next to Patrice's Volkswagen Beetle.
                         

                         

                       Gimme' a detonator.
                         
          Walker unzips his Bag quickly handing a Detonator to Felix.
                         

                         
          Ron yells at the Cops trying to explain!
                         



                         

                         
          Patrice hearing the commotion steps out on the porch with
          Odetta.
                         
          Ivanhoe sees Patrice on the porch.
                         

                       There she is! Do it!
                         

                         


                         
          Officer Myers jabs Ron in the Belly with his Nightstick. Ron
          doubles over.

                         

                          Ron???
                         

                         

                          You're Dead Black Bitch.
                         

                         
          Patrice looks at Felix.
                         

                         
          recovering from the blow SCREAMS to her!
                         


                         

                         
          Connie finally sees Felix in the car. Felix sees her, nods.
          She then sees that they are parked... NEXT TO PATRICE'S
          CAR!!! Connie runs to Felix, screaming!
                         


                         
          Felix pushes the Button!
                         

                         
          is attached to the inside of the wheel well of Patrice's car.
                         

                         
          EXPLODES! THEN IT BLOWS UP FELIX'S CAR NEXT TO IT!!! A double
          explosion!!! THE IMPACT BLOWS OUT WINDOWS EVERYWHERE! Patrice
          and Odetta are knocked to the ground. Connie is hurled to the
          street! Glass and car parts flying! Ron and the Cops are
          ROCKED by the force of the HUGE BLAST!
                         

                         
          Connie on her knees on the street, weeping!
                         

                         
          through the smoke and flames is able to make eye contact with
          Patrice, on the steps of her porch. She is shaken but all
          right. SIRENS in the distance heading toward them!
                         

          Flip drives up in a fury and jumps out and holds up his

                         

                       Hey, you fucking idiots!!! We're
                       undercover.
                         
          Officers Brickhouse and Myers lower their guns.
                         

                         


                         

              Flip smiles.
                         

                         


                         
          The place is full of Off Duty Cops and their Girlfriends, a
          few Wives but mainly Cops drinking and having a good time.
          Ron is in the corner talking with Patrice. They are sharing a
          drink looking very intimate. Ron sees something.
                         

                       Jeezus Christ.
                         

                       What?
                         

                       Your Boyfriend.
                         
          Patrice turns and sees.
                         

                       Oh My God.
                         
          Master Patrolman Landers nears them with a Beer in his hand.
                         

                       Who's da' Soul Sistah, Stallworth?
                       You been holding out on me.
                         
          Patrice stares at him with contempt.
                         

                       You don't remember me do you?
                         
          Landers stares at her.

                       Kwame Ture.
                         
          Landers doesn't know who that is.
                         

                       Stokely Carmichael.
                         

                       Oh Yeah, Yeah, you looked good that
                       night but you look even better now.
                         

                       How often do you do that to Black
                       People?
                         

                       Do what?
                         

                       Pull us over for nothing. Harass us.
                       Put your hands all over a Woman in
                       the guise of searching her. Call us
                       everything but A Child of God.
                         

                       I don't know what you're talking
                       about.
                         

                       It's like what I told you. He just
                       likes taking advantage but in the end
                       he's All Hat and No Cattle.
                         
          Landers looks around then leans in close to Patrice and Ron.
          He speaks softly issuing a deadly threat.
                         

                       Let me tell you both something, I've
                       been keeping you People in line in
                       this City for years. What I did to
                       your Girl that night, I can do to any
                       of you, Anytime, Anyplace. That's my
                       prerogative. I can even Bust a Cap in
                       ya Black Ass if I feel like it and
                       nuthin' will be done about it. Get
                       it? Wish the both of you got blown up
                       instead of Good White Folks.
                         
          Master Patrolman Landers raises up.
                         

                       Ohhh, I get it.
                         
          Ron looks at Patrice.

                       You get it, Patrice?
                         

                       Oh, I totally and completely get it.
                         
          Landers looks confused with their response.
                         

                       Good.
                         
          Ron turns toward the Bar and shouts.
                         

                       You get it, Flip?
                         
          Behind the Bar, Flip leans out from the back room waving to
          Ron wearing Headphones recording The Conversation.
                         

                       Oh, We got it! We got it all!
                         
          Ron stands removing his Shirt revealing The Wire he is
          wearing. Master Patrolman Landers is in shock.
                         

                       You get it, Chief?
                         
          Sgt. Trapp appears taking the Beer from Landers' hand turning
          him around putting Handcuffs on him. Chief Bridges comes from
          the back nearing Landers. The two lock eyes.
                         

                       Oh, I really, really get it. You're
                       under arrest for Police Misconduct,
                       Sexual Misconduct and Police
                       Brutality.
                         
          Sgt. Trapp and the Chief usher Master Patrolman Landers, who
          is babbling like a Fool out of The Bar reading him his
          rights.
                         

                         
          Ron, walking taller than usual, steps inside The Unit. Some
          of his Colleagues notice and give him a Low-Key Ovation. At
          his Desk is Flip, who is in Great Spirits.
                         

                       There he is... Man of the Minute.
                         

                       ... not an Hour?
                         
          Ron smiles, gives Fives all around. They all share a laugh.

                        That Polaroid Stunt you pulled? When
                        you threw your Arms around them, I
                        swear to God I almost Shit myself!
                         

                        Told you, Ron was born ready.
                         

                        Born ready is Ron.
                         
          Sgt. Trapp steps out of his Office.
                         

                        There's The Crazy Son of a Bitch!!!
                         
          Trapp gives Ron a Bear Hug.
                         

                        You did good.
                         

                        Sarge. We did good.
                         
          Ron and Flip eyes meet, bonded.
                         

                        Chief wants to see you Guys.
                         
          Flip nudges Ron.
                         

                        Hey... early promotion?
                         
          Ron smiles.
                         

                         
          Ron, Flip, and Sgt. Trapp sit opposite Chief Bridges.
                         

                        Again, I can't commend you enough for
                        what you've achieved. You know there
                        was not a Single Cross Burning the
                        entire time you were involved?
                         

                        I'm aware.
                         

                        But all good things must come to an
                        end...
                         
          Sgt. Trapp shakes his head, resigned.

                       What does that mean?
                         
          Ron and Flip look at each other, stunned.
                         

                       Budget Cuts.
                         

                       Budget Cuts?
                         

                       Inflation... I wish I had a choice.
                       My hands are tied. Besides, it looks
                       like there are no longer any tangible
                       Threats...
                         

                       ...Sounds like we did too good a job.
                         

                       Not a Bad Legacy to leave.
                         
          Bridges takes a deliberate pause. Then, THE Sucker Punch...
                         

                       And I need you, Ron Stallworth, to
                       destroy all Evidence of this
                       Investigation.
                         

                       Excuse me?
                         

                       This is total Horseshit.
                         

                       We prefer that The Public never knew
                       about this Investigation.
                         
          Ron and Flip are heated. Sgt. Trapp is silent but gutted.
                         

                       If they found out...
                         

                       ...Cease all further contact with The
                       Ku Klux Klan. Effective immediately.
                       That goes for Flip too. Ron
                       Stallworth...
                         

                       This is some Fucked up Bullshit.

                       Take a week off. Go on vacation with
                       your Girlfriend. We'll hold down The
                       Fort until you get back. Get you
                       another assignment...Narcotics.
                         
          Ron storms out.
                         

                         
          Ron reflects as he feeds Investigation documents in a
          Shredder. The documents shred into pieces. Just then, the
          Undercover Phone Line rings on Ron's desk.
                         
          Ron stares at the Phone, still ringing. He looks at The
          Documents in his hand, about to feed them into The Shredder.
          Ron stops. Throws The Documents in a Folder. Sweeps some
          Folders into his Briefcase. Leaves as The Phone still rings.
                         

                         
          Ron is walking fast now, trying to make it out of The
          Building with The Evidence but he remembers something.
          He stops, turns back.
                         

                         
          Ron sits at his Desk, on The Undercover Phone Line. Flip,
          Jimmy and Sgt. Trapp are behind, both close enough to listen,
          giggling.
                         

                       I'm sorry we didn't get to spend more
                       One-on-One time together.
                         

                         

                         

                       Well, that tragic event. I had just
                       met those Fine Brothers in the cause.
                         

                       Our Chapter is just shaken to the
                       core. And poor Connie not only does
                       she lose her Husband but she's facing
                       a healthy Prison Sentence.
                         

                       My God. And then there was that one
                       Nigger Detective who threatened me.

                       Goddamn Coloreds sure know how to
                       spoil a Celebration.
                         
          Flip and Jimmy snort. Ron holds in a Belly-Laugh.
                         

                       Christ. You can say that again.
                         
          Ron cracks up into his Hand. Sgt. Trapp is wheezing-- his
          Face Bright Pink. Flip is laughing hard in the background.
                         

                       Can I ask you something? That Nigger
                       Detective who gave you a hard time?
                       Ever get his name?
                         

                       No, I...
                         

                       ...Are-uh you sure you don't know who
                       he is? Are-uh you absolutely sure?
                         
          Davis looks at his Phone. Ron takes out his SMALL NOTE PAD
          out revealing a list of Racial epitaphs he had written down
          being on this Investigation. He reads from it to Davis on the
          phone.
                         

                         
          Ron Stallworth and Devin Davis.
                         

                       Cuz' dat Niggah Coon, Gator Bait,
                       Spade, Spook, Sambo, Spear Flippin',
                       Jungle Bunny, Mississippi Wind
                       Chime...Detective is Ron Stallworth
                       you Redneck, Racist Peckerwood Small
                       Dick Motherfucker!!!
                         
          CLICK. Ron SLAM DUNKS THE RECEIVER LIKE SHAQ.
                         

                         
          Devin Davis's Jaw Drops.
                         

                         



                         
          Folders of Evidence sit on The Kitchen Table in a stack in
          front of Ron. He sips his Lipton Tea and removes from the

                         

          Ron hugged up, between Devin Davis and Jesse Nayyar. He then
          looks at The Klan Membership Card shifting in his hands, his
          gaze fixated on the words.
                         
          CLOSE - Ron Stallworth
          KKK Member in Good Standing
                         
          Patrice comes up from behind.

          She pulls out a small handgun from her pocketbook.
                         

                         

                       Have you Resigned from The KKK?
                         

                       Affirmative.
                         

                       Have you handed in your Resignation
                       as a Undercover Detective for The
                       Colorado Springs Police Department?
                         

                       Negative. Truth be told I've always
                       wanted to be a Cop...and I'm still
                       for The Liberation for My People.
                         

                       My Conscience won't let me Sleep with
                       The Enemy.
                         

                       Enemy? I'm a Black Man that saved
                       your life.
                         

                       You're absolutely right, and I Thank
                       you for it.
                         
          Patrice Kisses Ron on the cheek. Good Bye. WE HEAR a KNOCK on
          Ron's DOOR. Ron, who is startled, slowly rises. We HEAR
          another KNOCK.
                         
          QUICK FLASHES - of a an OLD TIME KLAN RALLY. Ron moves
          quietly to pull out his SERVICE REVOLVER from the COUNTER
          DRAWER. WE HEAR ANOTHER KNOCK on the DOOR. Patrice stands
          behind him.
                         

          FRUIT) Ron slowly moves to the DOOR. Ron has his SERVICE
          REVOLVER up and aimed ready to fire. Ron swings open the


                         

                         

                         

                         
          Looking in the distance: The Rolling Hills surrounding The
          Neighborhood lead towards Pike's Peak, which sits on the
          horizon like a King on A Throne.
                         
          WE SEE: Something Burning.
                         
          CLOSER-- WE SEE a CROSS, its Flames dancing, sending embers
          into The BLACK, Colorado Sky.

                         

                         
          WE SEE FOOTAGE of NEO-NAZIS, ALT RIGHT, THE KLAN, NEO-


                         




                         

                         



