





                                    Written by

                                   Steven Antin





                         


          A series of tight CLOSE-UP shots of dancers moving in high
          energy fast paced sexy choreography. Very provocative. Legs.
          Arms. Butts. Boas. Sequins. Costumes. High heels. A
          kaleidoscope of images and colors.


          FADE IN sounds of PEOPLE TALKING -- GLASSES CLINKING -- all
          the BACKGROUND SOUNDS of a BUSY, HIP NIGHTCLUB. SUDDENLY.. .a
          loud DRUM ROLL.
          CAMERA is low, moving through BACKSTAGE, passing CURTAINS and
          the WINGS, flying out onto a shiny black STAGE awash in
          light. PUSH IN on FOOTLIGHTS which are now blinding us,
          blasting into camera as they form the word...


          DRUM ROLL ends with a CYMBAL CRASH. The SCREEN goes BLACK.
          Then we hear an opening MUSIC "INTRO", a bawdy QUARTET.
          EXTREME CLOSE UP: RED LUSCIOUS LIPS... speaking directly into
          CAMERA in a smoky, sultry voice.


          Once upon a time ...a long, looong
          time ago... there was a good little
          girl...and they called her...
          REVEAL ...TESS. A stunner with impossibly long lashes,
          theatrical make-up and a sequined, skin-tight band-aid of a
          dress. She works the tight stage of the club, toying with
          the AUDIENCE.


          Burlesque.
          MUSIC BLARES from a HOT YOUNG BUMPER BAND -- sax, drums, bass
          -- wearing bowler hats, suspenders and lots of ink. The
          crowd HOOTS. Lame streamers EXPLODE from the stage.


          Some say she up and died-of
          neglect. Abandonment.


          .old age.
          The club's red booths are about half-full with a hip crowd.
          Walls cluttered with photos. Celebrities tucked in shadows.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          But I say...no matter how hard you
          try, you can't keep a good girl
          down. And I've got a bevy of 'em.



          A DOZEN gorgeous, leggy GIRLS fight for the mirror. Miles of
          skin. Heavy make-up. Lashes. Boobs. Butts. Fishnets.
          Boas. And SEQUINS. Oceans of them. It's definitely
          decadent. Completely cabaret.


          Come to think of it, none of them
          are all that good, which isn't all
          that bad...
          SEAN , a cute gay guy with an armful of accessories
          pushes his way through the girls and in a blur, tightens a
          corset, tosses a boa, adjusts a garter just so.


          Eight shows a week. Sixteen
          gorgeous girls. Thirty-two towers
          of luscious legs...


          Behind her, our GIRLS slink onto the stage one by one.


          Say hello to Scarlett. Jesse.
          Anna. Coco-puff. And Georgie-Girl.
          The girls gather at the edge of the stage, lit by footlights,
          moving in place to the beat of the INTRO MUSIC. Hips sway.
          Fingers snap. Tess weaves playfully between them.


          All of them the creme-de la creme.


          De la creme.
          The girls strike nasty,  provocative poses, etc...


          Each one a bastion of bodacious...
          (Coco bends over, peers
          between her legs)
          Elegance.
          TWO GIRLS upside down on chairs NAIL aerial splits.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Not to mention their other...
          
          Ass-ets.
          Coco raises a brow, moves her butt to a LOUD BUMP-AND-GRIND.


          Welcome to the Burlesque Lounge,
          dead smack in the center of the
          Sunset Strip-- did I say "strip?"
          
          I meant TEASE...
          FOOTLIGHTS FLARE, UPLIGHTING THE GIRLS. They shift their
          weight, hitting the beats with risque moves and hip-thrusts
          as they MOVE DOWNSTAGE suggestively toward the audience to
          the MUSIC...



          A small, grime-streaked steel town, hanging on by the skin of
          its teeth. Boarded-up storefronts, a run-down A&amp;P. CAMERA
          MOVES past an old sign: WELCOME TO GRUNDY!!! and lands on
          a broken neon sign that reads "DWIG 'S BAR" It flickers so
          you can read the name: DWIGHT'S. Then goes back to DWIG.



          Chipped paint. Old beer posters. A few pathetic customers.
          Beer on tap. Pinball standing lonely in the corner.
          A REGULAR drains his beer, tosses down a quarter and starts
          to leave. Someone stops short at the table.


          Uh, excuse me? You forgot
          something.
          He turns. Sees:
          ALI ROSE. One hand holding a bar rag, the other planted on
          her hip. Ali has a look that's all her own: short shorts,
          white platform sandals, hair piled up high, more make-up than
          the rest of Grundy's women combined. She's young -- 22 --
          but has a confidence that's got nothing to do with age.


          No, that's your tip.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Huh. See, now that's interesting --
          you and I must do math completely
          differently, cause me? I start with
          the six beers I brought you, add
          the four spills I cleaned up, the
          five times I refilled your peanuts,
          plus the three times you
          "accidentally" touched my ass, then
          I tack on lying to your wife when
          she called looking for you, twice,
          and I come up with a sum that's a
          hell of a lot more than twenty-five
          cents.
          Before the Regular can respond, Ali is joined by LORETTA --
          30's wearing every one of those years hard.


          She's just teasing, Ike. You go on
          home now, and tell Kay I said hi.
          The Regular leaves. Loretta picks up the quarter.


          It's better than nothing.


          Nothin's cheap. A quarter's an
          insult.


          It'll cover half a load down at the
          Spanky Clean.


          There's only one thing a quarter is
          good for.
          Ali takes the quarter and heads to the back of the room,
          passing a GEEZER who's sitting by himself, drinking alone.


          Oh no, hon, now you know how Dwight
          feels about that.


          Dwight isn't here.
          Ali stops in front of the rinky-dink karaoke machine.


          He could come back any minute.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Tough. I'm not working here for the
          tips Loretta.
          She pops the quarter into the machine and chooses a song.
          She picks up the microphone and, after a few opening beats,
          starts singing ETTA JAMES'S "SOMETHING'S GOT A HOLD ON ME".






          And now we see where the confidence comes from. She's got a
          voice that's way too big for this town-- the kind that
          reaches way down inside you and rattles things loose.
          WE HEAR the same song continue as we INTERCUT with:



          The Girls undulate at the footlights as they sing the chorus:






          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali is belting now. Loretta is torn between
          enjoying listening and watching the door for Dwight.






          ON THE BURLESQUE STAGE the Girls belt out a raucous chorus.




          As other ENTERTAINERS appear onstage:


          The insatiable La Puccini Triplets!
          Death-defying daredevils Missy and
          Kitten DeVille! The Countess of
          contortion, Eva Destruction! And
          how about a little love for those
          bad boys of burlesque, our naughty-
          bawdy bumber band!
          THE TATTOOED BAND blares as the troupe kicks in unison

                         

                         

                         

                         


          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali sings, with a powerful vocal quality
          reminiscent of Etta James, Sarah Vaughn, Billy Holiday.






          ON THE BURLESQUE STAGE, the GIRLS and the BAND, loud and
          bawdy.




          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali, letting loose now. Wailing.








          ON THE BURLESQUE STAGE, the BURLESQUE GIRLS move in a line
          toward the audience, confident, sexy. The BARTENDERS,
          WAITRESSES and people working at the club sing along.








          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali, letting it rip. The Geezer sips his
          beer, unmoved.












          ON THE BURLESQUE STAGE, The Girls.




          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali.




          ON THE BURLESQUE STAGE, The Girls form a line.

                         

                         

                         

                         






          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali sings.








          IN THE BURLESQUE LOUNGE, The Girls, Tess, the other
          Entertainers, Busboys, Waitresses, Bartenders and entire
          company do a BIG FINISH.




          IN DWIGHT'S BAR, Ali finishes the song. Loretta CLAPS. The
          Geezer, unimpressed, gets up and leaves.


          People around here wouldn't know
          talent if it bit 'em in the
          Danglies. Where you gotta go is Des
          Moines. They got karaoke bars
          where you can win a hundred bucks a
          night.


          Loretta-- when I get out of this
          butt-hole of a town, I sure as shit
          won't be heading for Des Moines.
          She hops up onto the bar, spins around on her butt, one leg
          up in the air like a Varga girl, then hops down on the other
          side then gets back to work.



          The audience is still applauding as the Performers crowd into
          the backstage area, squeezing past the Puccini Triplets
          preparing their act.
          Tess comes off stage and bumrushes Sean.


          Where the hell is Nikki?


          Rehab, if there's a God.
          The BACKSTAGE DOOR BURSTS OPEN revealing--

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I heard that.
          Nikki, a stunning, feisty brunette, sashays in--


          Jesus, Nikki, you're later than
          Georgia's period! Where were you?


          Weave, wax, paws and claws.
          She drops her bag, quickly peels her clothes off, holds out
          her arms as Sean slips her corset onto her--
          Tess eyes Nikki's body--


          Hold it right there. Weigh in.
          Nikki unwillingly steps on the scale. Tess shakes her head.


          Put on five pounds or I bump you.
          Nikki protests as Sean double-takes at Georgia -- who FLITS
          BY with a slightly protruding belly.



          Ali winds her way through the trailers, carrying a bag of
          take-out, with a swing in her step -- moving to music playing
          in her head. She reaches a double-wide, lets herself in.


          Nanna? Got your pot roast here!



          TV noise. She comes in, kicks off her heels.


          They were out of steak fries, so I
          got you some of those...
          Then she stops in her tracks. Nanna -- 80's, housecoat,
          oxygen tank -- is slumped in her chair. The TV remote is on
          the floor. "ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT" is blaring.


          Nanna?

                         

                         

                         

                         





           Loretta and Ali, at the grave with a MINISTER who looks to be
          about 17. A CEMETERY WORKER is nearby, picking his teeth
          with a toothpick.


          Dear Lord, we gather here today not
          to mourn, but to celebrate the life
          of Alison Rose.


          Arlene.


          What?


          She's Arlene. I'm Alison.


          Oh, shit.
          
          Can I start over?
          Ali rolls her eyes.


          The Minister and the Cemetery worker walk away, leaving Ali
          and Loretta alone.


          You were real good to her, Ali.


          No, she was good to me.
          She rearranges the flowers resting on the plot, fixing it up.


          And she wasn't even my real Nanna.


          What...?


          Foster care. She took me in for the
          checks. When I turned eighteen, the
          money stopped coming. She could've
          kicked me out, but she didn't.





                         

                         

                         

                         




          She had a lot of pain at the end.
          Nothing she talked about, but I
          could tell.


          Well, then I guess this is a
          blessing. Now she's free.
          ON ALI, thinking realizing:


           
          Yeah. I guess she is.



          Nanna's clothes - mostly flowered housedresses -- are folded
          in paper bags. Her belongings are stacked up in the corner.
          CLOSE ON ALI'S MATTRESS, as she pulls a WAD OF CASH out from
          under it.





           Nikki leads a GROUP OF GIRLS in a raucous routine to "HONEY
          ROCK". Very Moulin Rouge.




          In the wings, Tess watches with Sean.


          Girls look good tonight.


          Amazing what a pink spotlight can
          do. Hides more cellulite than a
          burka.







           MOVE IN ON ALI, as she counts the money. Shit. Not enough.
          Then she looks around the trailer and realizes - tough shit.
          Stuffs the money in a pocket, then pulls out a suitcase.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          The Burlesque Girls tease the crowd.







          THE SUITCASE, as Ali throws in her belongings. When it's
          full, she grabs a stack of records -- Jazz and Soul -- tries
          to fit them into the suitcase, but it won't close. She picks
          one: ETTA JAMES. She sticks it in the suitcase and zips it
          up.










          Ali reaches into a drawer, pulls out a FRAMED PHOTO of A
          YOUNG WOMAN, 20's, short dress, heavy make-up, holding hands
          with a 7-year-old girl. Ali slips it into the suitcase
          pocket. She takes one last look around the trailer.







           CLOSE ON ALI'S WHITE PLATFORMS, strutting down the street.



          Ali enters. DWIGHT is at the bar: 50's, beer gut, humorless.


          You're three days late.


          I had a death in the family.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          And what, people stop drinking
          cause your grandma died? Get your
          apron and get to work.


          I'm not here to work. I'm leaving.


          You are?


          Yeah.


          I just came for my back pay.


          Payday's the end of the month.


          But, I won't be here then. And you
          owe me for three weeks.


          I don't owe anyone anything till
          the end of the month.
          Ali sets down her suitcase and marches over to him.


          You know what, Dwight? Contrary to
          what you've been told, there's no
          law in Grundy that says you have to
          spend every waking minute being a
          tight-fisted, cheap-ass prick --


          
          Ooh, hon, I'm not sure that
          particular approach is gonna --


          I've spent three years of my life




          --And you'll probably spend another
          three. You want to quit? Good
          riddance. I'll replace you before
          you hit the county line, but I sure
          ain't gonna pay for the privilege.
          He walks out the back door, slamming it behind him.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          ANGLE ON: THE CASH REGISTER. Ali opens the drawer, pulls out
          a wad of cash. Peering out back to make sure Dwight isn't
          coming in, Ali counts out some money.


          What are you doing?


          I'm only taking what he owes me.


          How much was that bike you been
          wanting for little Keith?
          Ali STUFFS a few TWENTIES into Loretta's apron-- pockets the
          rest.


          Ali-- where are you gonna go?


          Somewhere I can breathe. Now gimme
          a hug, I gotta get out of here
          before he gets back.
          Loretta hugs her tight, then looks Ali in the eye, concerned.


          You can't just head off into the
          sunset without a plan.




          Watch me.
          Ali gives her one more hug, then grabs her bag and leaves.





          Ali takes off down the street. She passes TWO OLDER WOMEN
          waiting for a bus. A beat as they watch her pass. Then:


          She'll be back.
          As Ali heads off, we HEAR:





                         

                         

                         

                         





          Ali is at the ticket counter.


          How much to Los Angeles?


          One way or round-trip?


          You're kidding, right?



          Cabaret chairs as they DROP FROM THE CEILING. The girls
          CATCH them, SPIN them around, SLAM them down and LAND ON THEM


          IN THE WINGS, Tess hands Sean her corset as she slips into a
          slinky dress. He takes her cigarette holder and grips it
          between his teeth as he zips her in.


          They're loving you tonight.


          They're loving you.


          Oh, shucks, I just tell myself I'm
          writing for a big old drag queen.


          Eat me.
          As he heads off with her discarded costume:


          A big old foul-mouthed drag queen!
          Tess looks in a mirror. As she makes the necessary
          adjustments, VINCE SCALI appears. 35, scruffy-handsome.


          Good show tonight.
          She glances up, sees him. Gets icy. Goes back to primping.


          Too bad the club's half-empty.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Half-full.


          I got another call from Marcus
          Gerber.


          And you told him we weren't
          selling.


          He wants to raise his offer. I
          told him we'd hear him out.
          Tess spins around, looking him in the eye for the first time.


          Vince, I don't care what the number
          is; the only way Marcus Gerber will
          get this club from me is by prying
          it out of my cold, dead, heavily-
          jeweled fingers.
          She pivots away and sweeps into the club.




          Big finish, the number on stage ends.



           Ali's on the bus, in a seat by herself. A LITTLE GIRL in
          front of her is peering over the chair, watching Ali. Ali
          smiles at her. The Little Girl's mother notices, gets the
          girl to sit down by tickling her.
          Ali unzips the pocket on her suitcase, takes out the FRAMED
          PHOTO of the mom and girl, looks at it. Then she looks out
          the window and watches America fly by as DAY TURNS TO NIGHT.



          Over which we HEAR someone channel surfing radio static--



          Ali sits with her radio headset, searching stations as...

                         

                         

                         

                         




          102.7 KIIS FM. Broadcasting from
          Hollywood and Vine...
          Ali perks up-- looks out the window as the bus rounds a bend
          and... THE HOLLYWOOD SIGN comes into view. NEW MUSIC UP:



          The rush of tourists and traffic. Through a sea of people
          moving down the crowded sidewalk we FIND ALI as she emerges
          through the crowd, carrying her bags. Looking around at this
          exciting city. She SPOTS a SHITTY HOTEL with a sign: "$49.00
          a night." She looks up at it. Then heads across the street--



          Cramped, dingy carpet, chipped paint. Key in the door. The
          MIDDLE-EASTERN HOTEL MANAGER -- 40's -- leads Ali in,
          pointing out the features of the room, speaking fast in an
          impossibly thick Kurdish accent. Ali nods along, not
          understanding a word. When he stops:


          Okay!


          Well. Good luck with that.
          He drops her suitcase on the bed and stands there. Waiting.


          Oh, hang on.
          She digs into her purse. All she has is twenties. She peels
          one off and holds it out.


          If I could just get a little --
          But before she can finish, he pockets it, nods and leaves,
          closing the door behind him. To the closed door:


          -- change.
          She pulls open the blinds, they fall off the wall with a
          CRASH! Ali stares at them. Then she opens the window. The
          SOUNDS OF HOLLYWOOD pour in.
          She digs out her cash, sticks it under the mattress. Then
          she reconsiders.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She removes the money, takes a Ziploc bag full of make-up
          from her purse, dumps the make-up onto the bed, seals the
          money up in the Ziploc, and takes it into:
          THE BATHROOM. She lifts the lid of the back toilet tank and
          slips the Ziploc of cash under it, catching the bag in the
          lid as she sets it back down, so it won't fall in.
          She goes back into the main room to find a CALICO CAT sitting
          on the window sill. It MEOWS, hops into the room.


          Hey. I thought this was a single.
          The cat curls up next to her. She checks his junk.


          Typical. First guy I meet is
          neutered.


          You don't happen to know anyone in
          the music business, do you?


          Ali sips coffee from a paper cup as she reads TRADES and WANT
          ADS spread over the floor. She refills the lid of the cup,
          which the cat laps up.


          Singer/Actress... Singer/Songwriter
          .Singer/Scuba diver? Perfect.
          ON ANOTHER AD: It says: "SINGER/WAITRESS WANTED." MUSIC UP:



          Ali cruises toward the address, dressed in her Iowa best,
          full of confidence. She rounds a corner and sees:


          Ali stops in her tracks. Tougher competition than she was
          expecting. She heads for the back of the line, passing girls
          doing vocal warm-ups. One girl is belting out a riveting
          "SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW". Just as Ali gets in line, the
          door opens and a SKINNY GUY sticks his head out.


          Sorry, ladies, that's all the
          applications we're taking today.
          CLOSE ON: an ad: "DANCERS WANTED. PRETTY GIRLS ONLY."

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Ali circles the ad, sips coffee. Looks at the cat.


          I can dance.



          Ali breezes in-- SEES ...a bunch of stripper poles, seedy
          drunk guys in the audience. She PIVOTS, and walks right back
          out. As she leaves, a DRUNK GUY turns to A SEEDY GUY.


          She'll be back.







          Ali enters, full of energy, as 65 hot LATINA and AFRICAN-
          AMERICAN girls in butt-baring, hootchie, hip-hop garb, turn
          in unison and eye her, in her denim shorts and white
          platforms. Not her crowd.





          Ali, eyeing the ad, sips a cup of coffee. Looks at the cat.



           Ali, dressed like the girls at the video audition: hootchie,
          street -- opens the door to find 30 CLASSICAL BUN-TOPPED
           BALLERINAS stretching, warming up. A Degas painting. They
          turn in unison and eye her. Again, not her crowd.



          Gleaming in the California sunshine. Ali stares up at the
          glittering shrine to recording. Takes in the whole swirling,
          crazy scene around her.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Ali wanders down the sidewalk chugging an iced latte. The
          Strip hums with SLICK NIGHT LIFE. Expensive cars pull up to
          valets. Hipsters swish past velvet ropes. Ali moves through
          the throngs, alone, anonymous, invisible.
          She passes a CONSTRUCTION SITE for a 15-STORY-TALL BUILDING,
          all lit up, guys working at night. A BUS pulls out, spewing
          exhaust. As the smoke clears, Ali sees, across the street:
          A BEAUTIFUL, STATUESQUE GIRL standing on the landing of a
          fire escape under a street lamp beside a NONDESCRIPT CLUB.
          Ali catches glimpses of her as the Sunset traffic whizzes by:
          full make-up, spangled burlesque costume, impossibly high
          heels, awesome. This is Coco. Coco makes the dirty
          streetlight look like a movie-quality Kleig. Everything about
          her shimmers.
          Intrigued, Ali looks for a break in the traffic and crosses
          the street. As she nears the club, she hears a MAN'S VOICE:


          Like I said, LOOK BUT DON'T TOUCH!
          ALEXIS, drag queen/door whore, also in full costume and make-
          up, TOSSES a GUY out the front door onto the street, then
          heads back inside--
          Ali smiles to herself. Then turns back to look at COCO who
          disappears inside a BACK DOOR as...NIKKI walks out. Lights a
          ciggie. She has on full make-up. Lacquered lips. Lashes like
          peacock feathers. She sees Ali staring.


          Didn't your Mama tell you it's not
          polite to stare?


          Sorry, you're just -- so DAMN
          beautiful.




          In that case, screw your Mama,
          stare away.
          Nikki strikes a pose, campy, showing Ali her best side. They
          both laugh.


          No one would ever guess.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          What?


          That you're a dude.
          Nikki's face turns to stone. Her eyes widen in horror. Ali
          sees the mistake she made. She's mortified.


          Oh, shit.


          "Shit's" right, you little half-wit


          Nikki is about to unleash when the stage door opens.


          Bitch! You're on!
          Sean grabs her and drags her inside. As he does, a STRAND OF
          CRYSTAL BEADS comes off her costume, falls to the ground.


          I'm really sor--
          The stage door slams shut. Ali picks up the strand of beads.
          Holds them up in the light, watching them shimmer.
          She goes to the front of club, where a smattering of L.A.
          HIPSTERS enter. There's a GLASS DISPLAY CASE full of photos
          of the acts. Ali looks at the pictures of the Girls in their
          elaborate costumes and provocative poses.
          She's unintentionally made her way to the front door. Black
          curtains obscure her view inside. She peers in. HEARS cool
          music emanating. The sounds of a nightclub. Intriguing. She
          ventures inside...



          Ali MOVES down a DIMLY LIT HALLWAY. More beautiful photos of
          women in elaborate costumes, drawings, sketches, paintings
          clutter the walls. Ali follows the photos down the hallway.
          MUFFLED SOUNDS penetrate the darkness: people talking over
          each other, glasses clinking. 1930's Berlin style music.




          Alexis sits on a stool, glaring down at her.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          What is this place? A strip club?


          Strip club? Honey, I ought to wash
          your mouth out with Jaegermeister.
          The only pole you'll find in here
          is Natasha the shot girl.
          Ali looks back at the photos.




          Babycakes, shit or get off the
          throne, I got a club to fill here.
          Ali digs her ID out, hands it over. Alexis scans it --


          Twenty bucks.
          Ali looks in her wallet. Sees one lone twenty inside. She
          hands it to Alexis. He nods for her to go ahead. Ali
          descends a staircase INTO THE CLUB...
          .and is BOMBARDED by: colors, chaos, laughter, scandal --
          all shimmering, as if someone dunked the place in glitter.
          And over it all, an incredible mash-up of old music with a
          contemporary beat tying it all together.
          Ali ENTERS, rounds a pillar, staring out into the room as a
          SPOTLIGHT finds the stage where half a dozen OSTRICH FANS




          Smoother than honey and twice as
          sweet. Each girl lovelier then the
          next. Gentlemen, hold onto your
          hats. Ladies, hold on to your
          gentlemen. We may not have
          windows.. .but we DO have the best
          view on the Sunset Strip!
          MUSIC KICKS IN AS LIGHTS FLARE from the back of the stage,
          where Three Girls stand, backs to the audience, Fosse-style.
          Coco, Georgia, and Nikki strut downstage. Behind them, Girls
          MOVE AND DANCE on cabaret chairs. Totally raunchy, completely
          timeless.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          The girls hit the beats, turning upside-down on cabaret
          chairs, arched backs, legs reaching upward, bending over,
          asses to the audience, bodies writhing in air-tight
          choreography: thrusting hips, whipping heads, stomping feet.
          Ali watches, exhilarated, as the music builds and SWELLS to a
          full on performance with the entire ensemble--


          Get you a drink?
          She turns. A bartender is watching her watch. JACK - 25,
          punky, dark hair, eyeliner, one arm half-sleeved with tats.


          Only if you're buying.


          
          Welcome to L.A.




          Is it that obvious?


          You still have that new-car smell.


          Not brand new. But still under
          warranty.


          Where you from?
          She looks back at the stage, mesmerized.


          Iowa.


          Oh, yeah? Kentucky. We're
          practically related.


          I thought you looked familiar.
          He smiles. As Ali sips her free beer, Jack stacks drinks on a
          tray for a DITSY WAITRESS. He slides the tray to her. She
          doesn't notice. He barks at her:


          Hey_. Go.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          The Waitress picks up the tray -- almost spilling the drinks -
          - then heads off. Ali looks around the place-- wowed...




          Damn...


          They don't build 'em like this in
          Iowa, huh?


          Hell no. I wouldn't have left.
          She stares up at the stage, marvels at the dancers.


          So tell me -- who does a girl flirt
          with to get from here...
          
          to there?


          Is this you flirting?


          With someone wearing more eyeliner
          than me?
          He laughs. Points across the club to A DOOR leading
          backstage.


          Ask for Tess. She's your guy. Flirt
          away.
          As she heads off--


          Hey, Iowa-- use my name.
          He hands her a card. She looks at it:


          Thanks, Jack.
           She smiles, slips it in her cleavage and heads for the door.



          Ali enters into a frenzy. Legs, costumes, boobs, heels,
          eyeliners -- all flying around like a flock of birds.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          In the middle of the maelstrom sits Tess, at a mirror,
          quietly applying lipstick.


          Excuse me. I'm looking for Tess.


          
          So am I. And sometimes, when the
          lights are dim, and I squint my
          eyes ...I can still see her.
          She switches to mascara. Sean, arms heavy with corsets,
          catches eyes with Ali, nods toward Tess: "that's her." Ali
          steps closer to Tess.


          Hi. I'm a friend of Jack's, and I'm-


          New in town.


          Yes, and I'm--


          Looking for a job.


          Yes, and I--


          Want to perform here.


          Yes.
          Tess glances at Ali in the mirror. Then goes back to her
          mascara, unimpressed. Silence.


          I'm a singer. A good one.


          This is a dance show.


          I can dance.


          
          Really? You a professional?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I'm a quick study.


          Not on my dime.
          Tess stands, a final check in the mirror. Ali sees her chance




          Okay, I get that you're busy so I
          won't waste any more of your time--
          but this place-- I've just never
          seen anything like it before and I
          know I belong here. So, how can I
          be a part of it?


          Twenty bucks at the door can make
          all your dreams come true.
          Tess strides out, not looking back. Ali sees the Girls
          trading glances, amused. She turns and leaves.



          The Bumper Band plays as Ali makes her way back toward the
          bar, dejected. Across the room, the Ditzy Waitress, holding
          an empty tray, flirts with a table of YOUNG HIPSTER GUYS.
          Ali sees ANOTHER TABLE OF CHIC CLUBSTERS trying to get the
          waitress's attention. The Waitress ignores them.
          Ali sees the trays on the end of the bar. She grabs one, goes
          to the TABLE OF CLUBSTERS, clears their empties, takes their
          order. She finds Jack at the bar, unloads the empties.


          One Dewar's neat, one shot of
          Patron, and get this, tough-guy in
          the hat? He wants a Cosmo.
          Jack looks at her, surprised. Impressed.


          One night. If I'm not 20 times
          better than boobs-for-brains over
          there, you don't have to pay me.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          weaving their way through the tables. WIDEN to see she now
          wears a Burlesque Lounge Cocktail Waitress get-up. She
          delivers a heavy tray to a table.
          She heads back to the bar with empties, eyes glued to the
          stage, where Coco and the GIRLS are dancing to "Wagon Wheel
          Watusi." As Ali hits the bar, Coco nails a stunning kick.


          Her leg went behind her head!


          Yeah, Coco's the real deal.


          I want to do that.


          She used to dance with the Joffrey
          Ballet. Nikki sang opera. Eva
          performed with Cirque. Everyone
          here's a pro.
          
          And you're on!


          Nikki, lined up with the other girls, peers between the
          curtains, spots Ali serving the drinks to a table.


          What's she doing here?!


          I want that bitch out. Now.


          What'd she do to you?


          She thought I was a drag queen!
          Stifled giggles from the girls.


          Can't be the first time THAT'S
          happened.
          Nikki is about to haul off on Sean when the CURTAIN OPENS,
          and WHOOMP!

                         

                         

                         

                         


          she turns, flashing her best stage smile as she joins Coco
          and the Girls onstage in the sexy, high-energy Fosse-style
          "Wagon Wheel Watusi."
          From the floor, Ali serves drinks, takes care of customers,
          all the while watching the spectacle on stage, mesmerized.



          The door opens. Ali enters, exhausted, but on Cloud 9,
          singing "TOUGH LOVER" to herself.


          When he kisses me I get a thrill...
          The Cat MEOWS and slinks out from behind the bed. Ali pulls
          the crystal beads out of her pocket


          And when he does that wiggle I
          can't keep still
          (ties the beads around the


          Cause he's a tough lover.. .



          "Prince Nez" by Squirell Nut Zippers plays as Eva
          Destruction, dressed as a naughty-sexy ballerina, does a
          bawdy -- and technically flawless -- ballet number on a
          cabaret chair, on pointe.
          ON THE FLOOR, Ali delivers a tray of drinks to a table of
          MUSIC-INDUSTRY GUYS. One of them drops a bill on her tray.


          Thanks.
          She heads back to the bar. As Jack loads her tray up, she
          stuffs her tips into her pocket-- SEES Sean, looking her up
          and down.


          Okay, girl, time for Sean to give
          you a real tip.
          He ties her shirt up higher, undoes the top few buttons...


          You got lips that could suck the
          chrome off a Peterbilt, but that
          matte is about as sexy as a bedpan.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          As Sean wipes off Ali's lipstick, then whips out a tube of
          lip gloss and paints away, Jack and Ali share a smirk. Sean
          steps back, assesses his work. Pleased.


          Now baby, go show 'em what you got.
          He heads off. While Eva performs onstage, Ali delivers the
          drinks to a table of SCENESTERS as Eva winds up her act in a
          flurry of fierce ballet moves, finishing to APPLAUSE as...
          Ali notices someone waving her over. MARCUS GERBER. 31,
          boyishly handsome in jeans and a ringer tee. Gold Rolex,
          status sneakers. Charming. Charismatic.
          When Ali gets to him:


          Dewar's on the rocks for me.
          Bottle of Dom for the table and--
          (tosses a black AmEx on
          her tray, noticing her)
          --And tell Nikki I'm here.
          Ali starts away, then--


          And you are?


          
          A member since 1991.
          Oh-kay. He smiles, wickedly handsome. Ali pivots and heads
          back to the bar. Before she can tell Jack the order:


          Dewar's rocks, bottle of Dom, keep
          it coming.


          So Asshole's a regular?


          Marcus Gerber. Real estate guy.


          He's with Nikki?


          This week.
          Vince goes over to Marcus's table, shakes hands, joins him.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Who's that with him?


          Technically your boss: Vince Scali.
          Tess's partner. And ex...
          Jack is about to lift the AmEx off the tray, when Sean swoops
          by and intercepts it.


          A black AmEx! The backstage pass to
          life!
          He sees Coco walking by, swipes the AmEx in her cleavage.
          She shudders, then turns around and tips her ass up at him.
          He swipes the card again.


          Access denied!


          Now there's a first!
          Jack sees Ali laughing at their banter. She heads off with
          the tray of Dewar's and Dom as the "Prince Nez" number ends.


          LIGHTS UP on TESS, CENTER STAGE as she begins a new number,
          "Long John Blues." A singing/spoken hilarious interlude. The
          Girls back her up.
















          As she continues...
          ON THE FLOOR, Nikki is sitting in Marcus's lap, nibbling his
          neck. Vince sits down beside Marcus. Marcus pats Nikki on the
          butt, excusing her. As she heads off:


          She's on the verge.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          That's what you said last time.


          She has no choice. We owe a balloon
          payment of 100 grand on the first,
          she took out a second to buy me out
          of the condo. And she just got
          turned down for another loan today.


          There's a handful of these clubs
          around town, I could buy one of
          them tomorrow.


          But it wouldn't be in the heart of
          the Sunset Strip.
























          A RIM-SHOT and BLAST from the band as the audience laughs.
          From the stage, Tess notices Vince shake Marcus's hand and
          leave. A flicker of irritation-- nothing anyone in the
          audience would notice -- but it's there.


          Ali brings a tray of empties over. Sean is there.


          She's funny.


          Thanks. My lines. Our secret.
          Jack gives Sean his drink. He walks off. MUSIC UP: An
          insanely cool version of Sly and Family Stone "Everybody Is A
          Star" mashed up with a Fosse-esque Burlesque rap.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          Jack notices Ali watching the stage... she lights up and
          melts, enraptured by the girls as they vamp to choreography
          in a tight group.




          Song CONTINUES over a SERIES OF SHOTS:
          IN ALI'S HOTEL ROOM, Ali plops down a bunch of BOOKS, OPENS
          The Golden Age of Burlesque", lays on her bed, petting her
          cat with her foot. She locks in on a photo of 20's-era
          Burlesque dancers over which we HEAR--




          IN THE CLUB, BURLESQUE GIRLS strike a similar pose






          - wipes down tables with Jack in the club after hours,
          - flips through old Soul records at a used LP store,
          - pokes her way through the scruffy street folks that hang
          out by her hotel.






          ON ALI'S BED, Ali flips to a picture of Mae West
          IN THE CLUB, Tess cracks up the crowd




          IN ALI'S HOTEL ROOM, Ali eats Chinese take-out as she pores
          over the book. Turns the page to a photo of OLD SCHOOL
          ACROBATS over "Everybody Is A Star"...
          IN THE CLUB, Daredevils Missy and Kitten DeVille nail an







                         

                         

                         

                         


          IN ALI'S HOTEL ROOM, Ali, in the bath, still reading, turns
          the page to a gorgeous image of Josephine Baker






          IN ALI'S HOTEL ROOM, Ali vamps, dancing to the song in her
          room in a t-shirt and undies.
          The cat watches her, yawns and slinks away.
          IN THE CLUB, The Burlesque Girls thwack down on chairs.




          IN ALI'S HOTEL ROOM, Ali thwacks down on an old mustard-
          colored chair.






          IN THE CLUB, AN OVERHEAD SHOT, THE BURLESQUE GIRLS now in
          different costumes in a BUSBY BERKELEY cluster, AS CAMERA
          BOOMS DOWN ON THEM and they separate to reveal:
          ALI, center stage, belting UP AT CAMERA:






          FIND Ali, in her waitress outfit, watching the girls on
          stage, lost in her fantasy. She catches herself, then moves
          along serving drinks while the Girls work the stage.
          The Burlesque Girls continue their Burlesque Rap. When the
          girls thrust out their hips in unison, Ali does too,
          unconsciously dancing along with them.
          AT THE BAR, Jack notices. Watches. Tries to focus on pouring
          drinks, but his eyes keep drifting to Ali's hips.
          NEARBY, Sean notices Jack noticing. Looks from Jack to Ali.
          Eyebrow goes up. Interesting.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Backstage mayhem. Girls scurry, Sean fusses, Tess sits at the
          mirror, applying a fake eyelash as WE HEAR a surprisingly
          good woman's voice BELTING a SONG! It's Nikki. Late again.


          Nikki, do you even own a watch? Or
          do you measure time in Patron
          shots?
          Ali enters with a tray of drinks. Nikki swipes one.


          Hey, no, that's for --
          Nikki opens a bottle, pops 3 pills in her mouth, washes them
          down with the drink, and sets the empty glass on Ali's tray.


          You, I guess.
           Nikki turns to the mirror and starts getting to work. As Ali
          hands out the other drinks:


          Tess? Do you have a second?
          Tess doesn't answer. But a slight glance at Ali in the
          mirror shows she's half-listening.


          I was thinking -- see, I grew up
          listening to all this music, I'd
          play the records over and over --


          Fast-forward, babe. I gotta rebuild
          Rome in the next two minutes--








          Now see-- that's what I've been
          thinking about. There's one thing I
          don't get.


          Just one?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          It's the vocals. You have the
          girls lip-synching. which is fine,
          I guess, but wouldn't it be so much
          better if they actually sang?
          The Girls trade looks, knowing Ali's overstepping here. Ali
          doesn't feel the vibe-shift, surges ahead.


          I've been reading up on it, and
          back when burlesque started, that's
          what they did.
          Silence. Nobody moves. All eyes on Tess.


          Oh, no she didn't?
          Tess slowly spins around in her chair to face Ali. Peers at
          her with a supercilious gaze.


          "When burlesque started"? Which
          was...when?


          
          Oh. Well... this book said it came
          after...


          Vaudeville -- is the word you're
          looking for. Derived from the 15th-
          century French expression "voix de
          ville" -- "voice of the city".
          Popular songs of the time that were
          strung together into stage shows.
          Which, over time, gave birth to
          another kind of show in which
          talented girls showing a bit more
          skin danced, did skits, and, _ yes,
          sang. In addition to being
          raunchier, these shows were
          funnier, hence the new name.
          "Burlesque": "comical" in French.
          Ali sees the Girls enjoying this dressing-down immensely.
          Tess stands, peers down her nose at Ali.


          Dance major. Juilliard. I did my
          thesis on Burlesque.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Oh. Ok. It's just-- It's just
          that ...I CAN sing and--


          We can all sing. But they don't
          come to hear us sing. They come to
          see the best dancers in town backed
          by the greatest singers in history.
          
          But tell you what: when you find
          someone with better pipes than
          Sarah Vaughn, Billie Holiday and
          Etta James-- you let me know.
          She sashays out leaving Ali standing there with what's left
          of her dignity and an empty cocktail tray. The Girls launch
          back into prepping for the show.



          Ali pushes in, pissed off, and hears the sound of PUKING.
          She sees Georgia's BOOTS sticking out from under the stall.


          Georgia? You okay in there?
          A FLUSH. The stall door opens. Georgia comes out shakily
          with mascara-smudged eyes, sweet as ever.


          I don't know why they call it
          morning sickness when it hits at
          every freakin hour of the day.
          She rinses her mouth out at the sink.


          There aren't many women who could
          dance the Charleston on a chair at -
          - what are you, three months?
          Georgia turns sideways to the mirror, inspecting her bump.


          Four. Can you believe my boyfriend
          hasn't noticed yet?


          You haven't told him?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I guess as long as he doesn't know,
          I can still imagine he'll be happy
          about it.
          
          Oh my God, look what the cat
          dragged in.
          She gets to work wiping away her smudged mascara.


          You look pretty hot to me.
          Georgia reaches into her corset, yanks one breast skyward,
          then does the same to the other.


          Yeah, well -- you take what Mother
          Nature gave you and milk the hell
          out of it, right?
          Coco enters carrying a glass of tonic for Georgia.


          Thanks, Coco.




          Shouldn't you be on the floor?


          I had to pee. Is that okay with
          you?


          Not when you're blocking my mirror
          it's not.
          Ali sees she's in the way. As she steps aside:


          
          That's us. You okay, or are you
          gonna puke on me during the number?


          I can't make any promises.
          Coco drags her out, leaving Ali alone. Ali looks at herself
          in the mirror. Reaches into her shirt and does the boob-hoist
          that Georgia did. Looks again. Better.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Ali trudges up the stairs, tired. Suddenly, TWO YOUNG THUGS
          barrel down the stairs, past her, almost knocking her over.


          Hey!
          They tear past her. She shakes her head, reaches her
          landing, heads down the hall toward her room, then sees:
          HER HOTEL ROOM DOOR, ajar. The lock broken.


          No. No!
          She runs down the hall.



          Ransacked. Ali rushes in, goes straight into:



          The lid is off the toilet tank. Her Ziploc of money is gone.


          No!!! God damn it!!!
          She looks out the window, SEES the ROBBERS running off,
          disappearing down the street. She kicks the trash can. It
          flies across the room.


          Damn it! Damn it, damn it, damn
          it, damn it, damn it!
          She sees the cat watching her from behind the bed.


          A lotta help you were.
          The cat creeps out, slinks around her legs. Ali plunks on
          the bed.


          Shit.
          Then she sees, on the floor, the PHOTO she took from Nanna's.
          She picks it up. The glass has cracked, tearing the picture.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She takes the picture out of the broken frame, smooths it out
          -- then looks around her trashed room. Fighting despair.



          FOLLOW a motorcycle up the street. The DRIVER has a KEYBOARD
          on his back. He parks, gets off, takes off his helmet. It's
          Jack. He heads for his apartment, but slows when he sees:
          ALI, sitting on his steps, her bags at her feet. Head low.


          Ali? What's wrong? You okay?
          She tries to speak, but can't -- so she just nods.


          Really? Cause, in my experience--
          when you're on someone's doorstep
          surrounded by everything you own,
          there's usually a not-so-good story






          And as she expected, as soon as she talks, she starts to cry.






          Shit. No way!


          
          Came in -- busted the lock-- and
          stole all my MO-NEY-EY-EY-EY!!!
          She sobs--trying to talk, with high-pitched SQUEAKS only
          heard by birds. Jack winces, trying to follow--


          
          And there's no way I-- sleep there--
          with-- like that-- the manager said-
          - not till Monday-- and I don't--
          anyone else-- but then-- so I
          remembered I had...but it went
          straight to...so I...
          She reaches in her pocket, pulls out a card. It's Jack's that
          he gave her in the club. It has his address on it.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Okay. I have no idea what you just
          said, but come on in here and we'll
          get it sorted out.
          She looks at him. Wiping her tears. He picks up the heaviest
          of her bags and leads her to:



          Tiny one-bedroom. Very "done." Floral sofa. Curtains that
          match the area rug. Candle groupings.


           Have a seat. I'll get us BOTH a
           drink. Here --
          He hands her his phone. She looks at it.


          -- call whoever you want, long-
          distance, whatever--


          I can't.


          Sure you can. Go ahead.
          Her chin starts quivering all over again.


          I.. .don't ...have anyone.


          What do you mean?


          To call.


          No parents?
          
          Siblings? Aunts? Uncles?


          Friends?




          No one! No one, okay? Do I have
          to spell it out for you? I am --
          completely -- alone!

                         

                         

                         

                         


          Jack susses out the situation.




          So...you're not here to use my
          phone.
          She starts to cry again.


          Okay. Wait. No, stop, stop, stop,
          it's okay, it's fine. You'll crash
          here. No problem. Just, please --
          no more crying.
          She nods. He grabs a bottle of Tequila and a couple of
          glasses. Pours them a couple. They both take a drink.


          Better?
          She nods.


          Okay. Good.
          She wipes her eyes.


          Just for one night, I swear. Just
          till it's light outside and I can
          figure out my next move.


          Deal.
          Then she opens her small bag and the cat strolls out.


          Whoa, whoa, you didn't say anything
          about a cat.


          What? You don't like cats?
          It slinks around his leg. He shakes it off.


          I hate cats.


          How can you hate a cat?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          It's easy, I'll show you.
          The cat bolts into the bedroom.


          Where's it going? If that thing
          pees on my bed --


          He goes outside. We just have to
          open a window. He's very
          independent.
          She opens the window. The cat scurries back in, leaps onto
          the ledge. Ali pets him. Looks at Jack, smiles.


          I don't have a name for him yet.
          It purrs. Jack eyes it warily.


          One night?


          One night.



          IN THE LIVING ROOM, the lights are low. Ali's on the couch,
          under covers, cat at her feet. INTERCUT WITH:
          THE BEDROOM. Jack at his keyboard, playing from sheet music,
          learning a song. When he pauses, from the living room:


          You're good.


          Thanks.


          Why don't you play at the club?


          Make more money bartending.


          You in a band?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Was... Guitarist moved to Reno,
          Drummer went to med school, bassist
          is in rehab. I'm subbing around
          town till I regroup. This is for a
          punk fusion band -- their
          keyboardist is a flake, so they
          call me a lot.




          A flaky punk-rock-fusion
          keyboardist? No way.
          He smiles. Continues playing.
          HIGH ANGLE, seeing both of them on either side of a wall.
          Her listening, him playing. After a few measures:


          Hey...
          He stops playing again.


          Why'd you leave Kentucky?


          Why'd you leave Iowa?


          Cause I looked around and realized
          there wasn't one person whose life
          I wanted.


          Exactly.
          A beat. Then as he starts playing again:


           Hey Jack?
          He stops again.


          Thank you. I'm really glad I'm not
          alone tonight.
          He smiles.


          Get some sleep.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          He continues playing. She closes her eyes.



          Light rain on the window.
          CLOSE ON: THE CAT'S FACE, staring right into camera.
          REVERSE ON: Jack, waking up. As his eyes open, the Cat licks
          him on the mouth.


          Aauuuugggghh.
          He hurls the cat away and bolts out of bed, disgusted.



          Jack straggles in, wiping his mouth. The sofa's made up,
          blankets folded. Ali is making breakfast, her back to him.
          He can't help but notice she's only wearing a tiny tank top
          and undies. She hears him clear his throat.


          Morning. Coffee?




          Black. Like my soul.
          She pours him a cup. Sees a picture of a BEAUTIFUL GIRL on
          his fridge.


          She's pretty. Your sister?


          My fiancee. Natalie.


          Fiancee? You're straight?


          Of course I'm straight. You
          thought I was gay?


          Yes?


          Why?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I don't know, the...make-up?


          It's a look.


          Okay.


          A straight look.


          Okay.


          And the floral couch...?


          Natalie.
          As Ali realizes she's barely dressed in front of a straight
          guy.


          I should put on pants.


          Probably.
          She bolts out to the living room, starts digging through her
          bag, bent over. She's in the doorway, so from the kitchen,
          all he can see is her cute little ass sticking out.


          Where is she?


          New York. Doing a play.


          For how long?


          Six more weeks.
          She can't find pants. She shifts, so now her ass is facing
          him directly. He tries not to look--




          Oh, God, now I feel bad about this.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          For what?


          I don't know. Now that you're
          straight and engaged, it feels
          weird that I came here.


          Well, you did, and it was fine.
          Aha! Pants. She pulls them out, starts putting them on. He
          looks out. Her foot is caught in the pants leg. As she hops
          around, trying to untangle it--


           Or at least it will be as soon as
           you get dressed.
          She tumbles out of view, thumps against some furniture.
          She appears in the doorway, pants on, pulling on a sweater.
          She slips her feet into her shoes.


          Alrighty then-- I'll get outta your
          hair now...


          Wait, where're you headed?


          Oh, don't worry about me. I've got
          a plan.
          
          Come on, cat.
          She zips the cat into the bag he came in.


          Hang on, let me at least spot you
          some cash. I'm a little strapped,
          but I could --


          No, I'm good, if you could just
          She nods at the door. He opens it for her.


          Thank you. For everything. You
          are my knight in shining...
          eyeliner.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          
          I'll see you at the club.


          Cool.
          She leaves. He closes the door behind her. Stands there.



           Ali looks at the rain. Then marches out into it, lugging her
          stuff. Goes about 15 yards in one direction, then stops.



           Jack watches her out the window as she marches 15 yards in
          another direction, then stops. Pondering. She sees a bus
          stop across the street. She crosses to it and sits.



          Ali peers down the street for the bus. Jack appears beside
          her, getting soaked in the rain.


          So, this plan of yours?


          .was to sit here at the bus stop
          and come up with a plan.


          Come back inside.


          No, Jack, I--






          I'll figure it out, this is not




          It's pouring!


          It's only water for chrissakes--

                         

                         

                         

                         










          Jack-- you've done enough and--
          In ONE MOVE he SCOOPS HER up as she lets out a WHOOOOP!


          Jack-- No! Stop it!
          He grabs her bags and carries her back across the street--



          The DOOR KICKS OPEN-- they ENTER, Jack carrying Ali, dripping
          wet.




          He sets her down--


          Look, you have nowhere to go, I
          have a couch. You may as well stay
          here for a few days.


           You really don't need to do that.
          I'll be fine --


          You'll be homeless. You always have
          this much trouble saying yes when
          someone is trying to help you?


          It's never happened before.
          The Cat jumps up on the back of a chair, all wet, and SHAKES,
          splattering them with wet cat smell.


          Aaaaargh!
          As his PHONE RINGS.


          There's a towel in the bathroom--
          dry yourself and that damn cat off.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          Ali collects the cat-- heads for the bathroom. Jack checks
          his phone. Answers.




          Hey, baby, how's it going?...
          Really? That's awesome...










          That...? Just this person from work
          What? No, she's just a friend,
          I'm helping her out. Nat, it's
          nothing.
          O.S. MUSIC UP: "BABY YOU'VE GOT WHAT IT TAKES" by Brook
          Denton and Dinah Washington over...



          CLOSE ON A HEAVILY MADE-UP GIRL as she screams and drops out
          of the shot in a flying split. Behind her, a ROW OF DANCERS
          do the same. Typical, fantastic, old-school can-can.
          WIDEN to see Tess and Sean, on the floor, auditioning them.
          The club is brightly lit, none of its evening aura.
          Scattered around the club are other HOPEFULS in groups,
          waiting for their turn.





          Jack's motorcycle pulls up to the club, with Jack driving,
          and Ali riding on back.



          Ali and Jack enter as the auditions are under way. As they
          set up the bar, Ali watches the stage, intrigued.
          MONTAGE: the dancers auditioning, in small groups. All
          shapes, sizes. Ali watching. Finally only a few are left.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Okay, front row, thank you very
          much.
          They walk off stage, dismissed. Tess turns to Sean.


          What happened to all the great
          dancers in L.A?


          They're busy "Dancing with the
          Stars."
          
          Last group, please.
          HALF A DOZEN DANCERS move to the stage. Ali watches from
          behind the bar, thinking. Then, on her face, we see: an idea
          forming.
          ON THE FLOOR, Tess and Sean check their clipboards,
          organizing for this next set. They look up and start in:


          All right, ladies, and five, six,
          seven -- whoa.
          There, in the back row, is Ali, in her white platform shoes.


          What the hell do you think you're
          doing?
          Coco and Georgia ENTER-- surprised to see Ali on stage.


          Trying out.


          I don't think so.


          Tess, I've been singing and dancing
          my whole life and--


          The girls here have years of
          training and experience. This stage
          is for serious and professional



                         

                         

                         

                         




          
          Hey_. This is your club and you can
          be as rude as you want--but don't
          you dare tell me I'm not serious.
          Sean's eyebrows reach for the ceiling as Nikki enters, SEES
          Ali on stage.


          I may not have been to a
          professional dance school, but I
          have a lot of talent and I came to
          this town to do something with it.
          And the only reason I've been
          putting up with all the bullshit
          "attitude" I get from you is cause
          I want to do it here.


          For the first time in my life, I
          don't want to be someplace else. So
          you're gonna give me MY shot. Right
          here. Right now.
          Everyone in the club just stands there. Jaws dropped. Tess
          just looks at her, blinks, incredulous.


          One song. You don't like it, I'll
          quit and do us both a favor.


          Your call, lady. I know every
          number in the show.
          Sean, eyes big as saucers, looks from Ali to Tess, then back






          You know every number.


          Which one do you wanna see?
          Tess looks at her in disbelief.


          I said, which one do you wanna see?
          Ali just stares at her. Calling her bluff, Tess yells up to
          DAVE in the sound booth--

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Tough Lover!
          Tess plops down in a booth-- crosses her arms indignantly.
          ON STAGE, the music starts. Ali readies herself, starts to
          dance. Behind a beat to two. She's got the steps right, but
          it isn't clicking. She's thinking too hard. No personality.
          After a few measures, Tess has seen enough.


          Okay then, next?


          Hang on.
          
          Start it again, please?
          As Dave resets the music. Ali regroups: takes her hair down
          and shakes it loose.
          Nikki ENTERS, SEES Ali on stage--




          What the hell's going on?


          Shhhh.
          On stage, Ali takes a beat; inhales, breathing in attitude.
          Then she looks up at the booth again.


          Anytime.
          The MUSIC starts in again. And this time, Ali comes alive.
          She may not have perfect technique or the best extension, but
          she exudes an ambition and sexuality no one has seen from her
          before. It's like she becomes a woman before our eyes. She
          misses a step or two, but who the hell cares?
          On the floor, Sean gapes, eyes popping. Tess is poker-faced.
          Coco and Georgia's expressions turn from dubious to
          respectful. Nikki's eyes narrow.
          At the bar, Jack freezes, a huge rack of glasses in his arms -
          - unable to tear his eyes away.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          As the SONG CLIMAXES, Ali finishes with an alluring toss of
          her ass, then lands in a sexy layout on a chair, owning the
          stage. The music ends. A stunned silence. The only sound
          is Ali's heavy breathing.
          Then Georgia jumps up, APPLAUDING EFFUSIVELY.


          What are so you happy about, that's
          your replacement.


          Yeah, but she's really good.
          Tess and Ali are in a stare down.


          I want so badly to say something
          bitchy, but nothing's coming.


          There's a first.
          Tess sighs, not wanting to give Ali any props.


          You were off the whole second half.


          So, I was spot on the first half?
          Tess narrows her eyes at Ali. Then looks over at Nikki, Coco
          and Georgia. Georgia gives an effusive THUMBS UP-- then
          suddenly becomes overcome by nausea, covers her mouth and
          RUNS to the bathroom to puke--
          Tess rolls her eyes, looks back at Ali.


          Oh, you're gonna be such a pain in
          my ass.
          Ali tries hard not to beam--


          Do I have the job, or not?


          You're not great. What you are is
          lucky. Because I need someone
          tonight.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          And I know all the routines.
          As Tess turns and leaves--


          Even in those shoes that time
          forgot.


          Theeeere's bitchy.
          Nikki watches Tess go-- turns and pours herself a shot.


          Well-- this totally sucks ass.
          Sean jumps up on the stage.


          Congratulations. The last time
          someone showed Tess balls like
          that, she married him.
          
          You look like a checker at a Mal
          Wart in Wichita. Just tripled your
          salary. Get a new look.


          Hey, I happen to like the way I
          look.


          Really? That's a fascinating story.
          And then what happens?


          Backstage in five.


          Welcome to the family.
          Ali jumps off the stage, runs to the bar, where Jack is still
          standing, slack-jawed. She throws her arms around him.


          Sorry for the short notice, I quit!
          
          But hey-- with my raise I'll be off
          your couch in a week.
          She squeezes him tight-- then heads backstage leaving him
          standing there, really turned on.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Sean swings open A DOOR, revealing a room packed to the gills
          with costumes: feathers, sequins, fishnets, corsets, jammed
          up against each other. Sean tosses her clothes in a blur.


          First number, second number, third
          number...
          She catches the clothes. He dumps shoes on top of them,
          holding them up as he tells her what they go with:


          With the sequined bustier. With
          the shorts and garters. With the
          beaded number. And those --
          
          I never want to see again.


          Oh! And --
          He hands her a prop GOLD MACHINE GUN.


          For "Miss Otis Regrets". Just be
          sure you don't --
          Ali pulls the trigger. BOOM -- GLITTER SPLATS all over Sean.


          Pull the trigger.





          The chic audience watches the Girls doing a swingin' sixties
          shimmy and shake number. CAMERA MOVES ACROSS the girls'
          faces as drums roll and their heads turn to each drumbeat.
          The last face to turn is ALI'S. In FULL STAGE MAKE-UP, she
          looks like a gorgeous classic burlesque dancer. The girls,
          in 20's revealing bathing suits and stilettos, kick and dance
          downstage in a line. Ali struggles a little to keep up
          A WAITER CROSSES FRAME and we WIPE TO:
          - ANOTHER NIGHT. SAME MUSIC, different costumes. Ali's
          dancing is improving. WAITRESS CROSSES FRAME and we WIPE TO:

                         

                         

                         

                         


          - ANOTHER NIGHT. SAME MUSIC, yet another set of costumes.
          Ali's as good as anyone else up there. AN AUDIENCE MEMBER
          crosses frame and we WIPE TO:
          - ANOTHER NIGHT. SAME MUSIC, another set of costumes. Ali
          knows the steps now, she's not thinking about them. She's
          all performance, vamping to the audience, selling like crazy.
          She NAILS a final layout on a chair, it's flawless.
          Tess and Sean are watching from the wings. They notice the
          extra whip in Ali's head, the bump in her grind.


          Admit it. You like her. It kills
          you, but you like her.
          Tess meets his eye, then walks away. The number ends. The
          girls rush offstage and peel their costumes off.


          My tits are up around my ears, my
          thong's about a mile up up ass,
          this corset is so tight, I haven't
          breathed since Tuesday and these
          lashes are thick enough to kick up
          a stiff wind.


          It's fun being a girl, huh?




          Yeah.
          She hands him the last bits of her costume.
          FOLLOW Ali as she heads to the dressing room. As she grabs
          her T-shirt and jeans:


          I'm starving, who wants to go grab
          some pizza before the next show?
          A general chorus of "Yeah?" and "I'm in."
          FOLLOW Ali to the bathroom as she throws on her clothes and
          washes off her make-up, humming "Rich Man's Frug" to herself.
          She heads back out to the dressing room to find:
          EVERYONE IS GONE. She looks around. Feels like an fool.
          She plunks down in a chair. Drops her bag on the floor.
          Looks at herself in the mirror.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She sees a picture of A CLASSIC BURLESQUE BEAUTY taped to the
          mirror. Notices her eye make-up -- strong, thick eyeliner.
          Ali picks up a brush, dips it in eyeliner, and tries to
          duplicate the look on her own eye. After a first try:


          Your brush is for shit.
          She turns and sees Tess in the doorway. Tess comes over,
          takes Ali's brush. Looks at it.


          Where'd you get this, the 99 cent
          store?
          She chucks it in the trash.


          Hey.


          Make-up is like wine. The good
          stuff costs a fortune but is worth
          every penny. Where is everyone?


          All the girls went out for pizza.


          Aren't you one of the girls?


          Apparently not.
          Tess reads her like a book. Knows what went down. She turns
          to leave, then pauses at the door. Turns back.


          Don't take it personally. Their
          love's the kind you gotta earn.
          Ali meets her eyes in the mirror. Then Tess grabs a brush
          from her own station, tosses it to Ali.


          Dip it in water first, or you'll
          never get a clean line.
          She leaves Ali alone.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Jack enters in boxers, kicks them off, opens the shower, then
          freezes.







          Ali is just waking up.


          Your stupid cat peed in the tub!


          What...?
          
          You closed the window, what do you
          expect?


          Your cat pees in the house, and
          it's my_ fault?!
          Ali scoops the cat up.


          Awwww. Poor guy, you must have been
          desperate.


          Goddamn cat. And you used my towel
          again.
          
          How's that apartment hunting
          coming?
          He GRABS the newspaper and tosses it in front of her-- she
          glares at him, then glances at the paper--




          A thousand bucks for a studio?


          Can you really put a price on
          privacy? Freedom? Your own
          bathroom? With clean towels?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Okay, Jack-- I get it--
          His cell phone rings. As he checks who's calling:


          Natalie.
          
          Hey, baby, how are you?
          He heads into the bedroom, closes the door. Ali shakes her
          head, begins to peruse the classifieds.



          Ali, in pajamas, is at the table, combing the classified
          apartment ads. The cat is beside her.


          Guest studio, Hollywood, $900, with
          a yard, and -- oh. No pets.
          
          Screw them.
          She scans the ads some more. Finds a good one.


          Ooh?
          Jack walks in. Looks like he's got something on his mind.


          I think I found my new place.
          Where's Pomona?


          Go to Hell, turn left, it's three
          miles down on the right.


          Really. How's Beachwood Canyon?


          Great, if you have a car.


          Truth is, you should get a car
          first. This is L.A. You don't
          exist without a car. Plus, you
          can't really afford a decent place
          yet.


          Tell you what.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          I'm gonna suck it up and let you
          stay here a little longer. Just
          throw in a little something for
          rent.
          She looks at him, curious.


          What about the "God damn" cat?


          Hey, I don't like the cat. And I
          don't like my towel being wet. I
          don't like the lack of privacy. But
          you're in a jam -- and I'm the kind
          of guy, if a friend's in trouble, I
          help. It's just who I am.




          What did Natalie have to say?


          Nothing, you know just... hi.
          She narrows her eyes at him. He concedes.


          And...her play got extended three
          more months, so since she has to
          pay rent there, she can't also keep
          up her part of the rent here.


          Ah-hah.


          So if you could stick around and
          chip in, it would --


          Save your ass?


          -- help.
          Ali looks down at his shoes.


          Well, will you look at that? The
          shoe, on the other foot!





                         

                         

                         

                         




          One minute I'm a freeloader with a
          God damn cat, the next, I'm the
          only thing standing between you and




          Just -- yes or no?


          What's the proposal, exactly?
          Jack looks at her-- realizes he's screwed.


           The bedroom, with private bathroom
          access, for 600 a month, including
          utilities.


          Closet?


          Half .
          Ali picks up the paper, reads an ad.


          Ooh, look! Hot tub!


          Fine. The closet, too.
          She weighs it. Makes him suffer. Then:


          Okay.


          Thank you.




          Hey, I'm the kind of girl, if a
          friend's in trouble, I help. That's
          just who I am.
          We HEAR an AUDIENCE laugh O.S. as we...



          Small crowd outside.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          So I said to the sailor, I may not
          be as good as I once was...



          Through a transparent scrim, the Puccini Triplets perform a
          sexy harem scene in silhouette, casting larger than life
          shadows-- Tess walks behind the scrim playfully, in and out
          of view. The Bumber Band plays off to the side.


          But you can bet your sweet ass I'm
          better ONCE than I ever was...
          The crowd laughs. Tess points to a woman who isn't laughing.


          Drink up, sister! You're a tad
          behind.
          
          Be a dear and bring Mommy over
          there another scotch.
          The crowd chuckles as the Bumper Band kicks in and the harem
          scene evolves into a sexy tongue-in-cheek silhouetted dance.



          Tess comes off stage. Sean bustles up to her.


          The distributor's holding back the
          booze unless we cut him a check.


          Ply him with drinks, send Scarlett
          over to flirt, and try to finagle
          him down to a half.


          How's a third?
          He produces a check, all filled-out, for her to sign.


          Have I told you lately that I love
          you?


          Got any brothers?

                         

                         

                         

                         


          He bustles off with the check. Scarlett, Coco and Nikki
          approach the stage wearing leather, strappy Gaultier corsets
          with gloves and fishnets --post-modern Germanesque -- Nikki
          is carrying a glass of tequila. Tess eyeballs her--


          Drinking already?


          Yes, Mommie.


          You're drunk.


          No. But I'm working on it.
          Nikki totters a little. Tess looks her over.


          I'm pulling you from this number.
          Go home, wring yourself out, and
          come back tomorrow.


          You can't pull me--
          Tess SPOTS Ali heading for the dressing room--


          Ali! Take Nikki's spot.


          WHAT?! That bitch can't dance my
          part!


          Ali-- get dressed NOW!
          Ali looks at Nikki-- who GLARES at her--


          But, wait-- Tess-- that's always
          been Nikki's number.
          Tess looks at her-- she's really had it with these girls--


          But this is MY club, and now it's
          your number.
          Ali looks between the two of them, Nikki glaring at her--

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Is there a problem? You said you
          know the whole show.


          You can do anything, right?
          Tess just looks at Ali. Nikki stares at Tess, livid, then
          storms off.



          Marcus ENTERS the club and joins Vince at a table. A LOUD




          Ali and the other dancers hit the stage and start in on the
          vampy "TOUGH LOVER."
          AT THE BAR, Jack is busy mixing drinks. He glances at the
          stage, then DOUBLE-TAKES on Ali, looking crazy gorgeous. She
          vamps forward with the girls, they rotate singing into the
          prop mic.























          DAVE, the sound guy, looks up as Nikki comes in.


          Tess needs you. She said it was
          urgent.


          I can't leave here now --


          Fine, but don't say I didn't warn
          you...

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Shit, okay --
          He checks his sound board -- then bolts from the room. Nikki
          watches him go LOOKS DOWN onto the STAGE as ALI STEPS to










          Nikki reaches out and FLIPS A SWITCH.
          THE SOUND DROPS OUT. THE PLAYBACK STOPS. The girls freeze
          in awkward poses, unsure of what to do.
          MURMURS in the room as the audience looks around, confused.
          BACKSTAGE, Tess looks up at the sound booth, sees it's empty.
          Dave appears at her side.


          You wanted to see me?
          ON STAGE -- Ali looks at flustered Tess...the girls...the
          audience. Panic.
          On the floor, Nikki watches with satisfaction as she makes
          her way over to Marcus. Enjoying the train wreck she caused.
          Then -- in a flash, Ali turns to the audience, and SINGS
          a'capella from the TOP OF THE SONG.




          She looks around. Silence. Mouths agape. Tess approaches in




          
          Close the Goddman curtain!


          Hold on...
          Ali starts to sing again, her version, slow, and sexy...









                         

                         

                         

                         


          Tess looks at Ali, you could knock her over with a feather.
          Sean looks at Tess. Scarlett looks at Coco. Jack stares at
          the stage. Everyone stunned by the sound coming out of this
          girl. And now the song really takes off!
          SUDDENLY, one of the BAND BOYS grabs his sax and plays. Ali
          jumps in, seamless, as the guys on Bass and Drums join in.
          Ali picks up the choreography. The girls fall in with her.










          Coco and Scarlett chime in on back-up. Hearing them, Jessie
          and Anna join in as well. Ali takes off, holding nothing
          back. The girls feed off her confidence, and soon all of
          them are hitting the backs of their cabaret chairs, stomping
          their feet to the music. The girls singing back-up.
          In his seat, Marcus sits up a little straighter -- suddenly
          paying more attention. Unable to take his eyes off Ali.
          The BAND plays along. The BARTENDERS accompany them with
          hand-claps. All except Jack, who's too spellbound to move.








          ON THE FLOOR, Nikki watches, aghast, as the crowd engages
          like we've never seen them.












          The girls come alive, finally able to sing a song they've
          been faking for so long















                         

                         

                         

                         
































          The room ERUPTS IN APPLAUSE, knowing they caught a once-in-a-
          lifetime performance. Marcus stands, clapping, whistling.
          Ali basks in it, jubilant, rapturous. She glances to the
          wings and sees Sean, clapping and jumping in place. Then she
          sees Tess beside him, stone-faced.



          The Girls exit the stage in a flurry, everyone congratulating
          Ali -- a whirlwind of hugs, kisses. Ali reaches Tess.


          Tess, when the music stopped--


          Why didn't you tell me you I have no idea what happened.
          could blow like that?


          I did.
          Tess spots a TATTOOED BAND GUY in the door.


          Do you boys know all the music?


          Hell, yeah.
          Nikki wanders in, drink in hand. Tess looks at them all.
          Plants her hands on her hips.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Okay, then. Tomorrow night, Ali
          sings lead, everyone else is back-
          up. Questions?
          Ali can't keep from beaming as she shakes her head, no!


          Good.
          The Girls file into the dressing room. Tess heads out, past
          Nikki.


          "People don't come to hear us
          sing."


          No. But they'll come to hear her
          sing. Dry out and maybe you can
          back her up.
          She leaves. Nikki scowls. Sean grabs Ali.


          Bitch, you SANG that damn song!
          He heads off to the dressing room, too, leaving Nikki and Ali
          alone together. Their eyes meet.


          One of us has clearly
          underestimated the other.
          She tosses her glass in the trash and leaves Ali alone.



           Ali trots out from backstage, spots Jack behind the bar. She
          heads over to him. Before she gets there:


          Where'd you learn to sing like
          that?
          She turns. Marcus is there. Handsome, charming and devious as
          ever.


          You can't learn to sing like that.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Well, you're too good to be singing
          here.


          I just got into the show and
          suddenly I'm too good for it?
          Shrugs, "but, you are" then--


          How about a drink?


          Sure. Jack's at the bar. Tell him I
          sent you. It's on me.


          But I hate lines.
          AT THE BAR - Jack looks up, SEES Ali and Marcus talking.
          BACK ON MARCUS who looks Ali up and down.


          Seriously. You sound even better
          than you look. Which is saying a
          lot.


          Talk about a "line."
          She smiles, amused, and heads away from him, toward the bar.
          He watches her go. Tess intercepts Ali.


          What did he want?


          Directions to the bar.
          As Ali heads off. Tess glances back at Marcus, mistrustful.



          After hours. The club is closed. Jack, Ali, Coco, Sean and
          Georgia are sitting around the bar as Jack closes up.


          You blew me away! Who knew you
          could sing like that?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Who knew any white chick could sing
          like that? You channeled that shit.


          How the hell do you do that, girl?


          I don't know, I can't explain it.
          It's like -- I start singing, and
          something starts to move inside me.
          It's in my hands, my feet, my gut,


          She runs her hands over her body as she describes it. Jack
          watches her -- holy smokes. Sean notices his gaze on her.


          and it just builds and builds
          till I feel like I'm gonna explode.


          Trust me, I know what that feels
          like. I have to pee. Again.
          She hops off the stool and scurries to the back. Coco
          stands, to leave. Looks at Ali.


          Wanna grab something to eat?
          Ali looks back at Coco -- validated. Accepted. At last.


          Yeah. Lemme get my bag.
          Ali moves off. Coco goes to get her coat. Sean sees Jack
          still watching Ali as she walks across the room.


          Well, will you look at that.


          What?


          You looking at that girl the way I
          looked at you all those years.
          Only difference: you actually stand
          a chance with her.


          I have a fiancee.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Three thousand miles away.


          We talk every day.


          Let me guess what about: her, her
          and...oh! Her.
          Jack shoots him a glare.


          All I'm saying is, this one's
          beautiful on the inside too. And
          she won't be on the shelf forever.
          Ali comes back, ready to go. Feels them stop talking and
          look at her.


          What?


          I was just explaining to Jack that
          even opportunity has a shelf life.
          Jack grabs a trash bag and takes it out back. Sean looks at
          Ali more closely. He brushes her hair out of her face. Then
          he holds it off her shoulders and raises that gay eyebrow.
          - INT. SALON - DAY - Ali sits in front of a mirror while Sean
          gives the HAIRDRESSER very specific instructions.
          - INT. JACK'S APARTMENT, AT HIS KEYBOARD, Jack plays a high-
          energy style piano which runs over a QUICK SEQUENCE: It's the
          instrumental music to: "BUT I'M A GOOD GIRL."
          - INT. BURLESQUE LOUNGE - The Burlesque Girls dance on stage,
          performing a high-energy tap dance, coupled with a European
          slap-dance, with the slapping of each other's bodies and
          faces integrated with tapping and music. It's very cabaret,
          but modernized with contemporary STEPPING. CARRY MUSIC:
          - INT. SALON - LATER - The HAIRDRESSER spins the chair
          around. Ali's her hair is platinum blonde, with bangs and a
          Louise Brooks bob that frames her face beautifully. Her
          smoky eyes pop like never before. Ali studies herself:


          Where have I been all my life?

                         

                         

                         

                         





           AUDIENCE, the brass section kicks in giving the piano a
          BIGGER, BAWDY, SHOW-STOPPING BOISTEROUS SOUND as Ali APPEARS
          with her new look. Amazing. Like Helmut Newton meets Carnaby
          St. circa 1965. As she begins this HIGH ENERGY SONG-- Jack is
          looks up from the bar. Totally blown away.




































          Ali finishes the song to big applause. Takes her bow. Makes
          her way off the stage and ACROSS the club to...
          JACK AT THE BAR - he turns to see Ali.


          Hiya, big boy.
          She spins herself around on a bar stool, so he can see all
          angles. Jack likes plenty. Way too much.


          What do you think?




          It's...I think-you look...I mean,
          yeah... do you like it?
          Not the reaction she was looking for.


          Jack. It's okay for you to think I
          look hot. We're friends for
          chrissakes. It's not like we're
          brother and sister.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She rolls her eyes, gets up, and heads backstage. Jack
          watches her go--




          No. We certainly are not.



          The Burlesque Girls are prepping for the show.


          Why the hell is everyone having a
          conniption over her? She's just a
           tacky, pushy girl from a --
          Ali -- sexy, sophisticated, gorgeous -- enters.


          -- fly-over state.
          Ali pretends she didn't hear. She sits at her mirror. The
          girls stare at her, mouths agape. Ali picks up her mascara
          wand, looks down the mirror at Nikki's reflection.




          What's a fly-over state?
          Ali takes a deft stroke of her wand over her lashes, then
          bats them at Nikki. Nikki walks out. Coco smiles with
          appreciation. Whistles long and low. The girls all laugh.



          Tess glad-hands guests, then spots Vince, waving at her. She
          starts over, then sees Marcus in the booth with Vince. She
          turns and walks the other way. Vince catches up to her.






          Vince, if I were going to sell, I'd
          have sold to those idiots building
          that monstrosity across the street.
          I said no.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Which made Marcus bump his offer up
          again. It's obscene, what he wants
          to give us. At least hear him out.



          Tess, at her desk, reads a contract. Marcus and Vince sit
          across from her, watching.


          It's very simple. I buy you out
          and pay you a million off the top.
          
          Five hundred grand each.
          Tess looks up from the contract, squints at Marcus.


          Why do you want this club so badly?


          Best view on the Sunset Strip.


          Do you know what you could do with
          that money, Tess?


          Do you know what you can do with
          that money, Vince?


          Be reasonable. We're rolling
          vendors ninety days out.


          The club's not even worth what you
          paid for it. You've got a second
          mortgage, you can't get a third.
          Tess looks at Vince, betrayed.


          Did you also tell him about the
          tattoo on my ass?


          It's business, Tess. Not personal.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          My business. Which I built from
          the ground up.


          You're not gonna get another
          opportunity like this.


          Exactly.
          She looks at a photo on her wall: the Burlesque Girls, in all
          their glory.


          Which is why I'll never let it go.
          She gets up, opens the door, ushering them out. Marcus
          shoots Vince an angry look as they head downstairs.
          IN THE STAIRWELL, Vince reassures Marcus:


          Don't worry. The balloon payment's
          due on the first. She doesn't have
          the money. She has to sell.
          IN TESS'S OFFICE, Tess stands in the doorway, having heard.
          Then she walks back to her desk and sits, dejected. Head in
          her hands. For the first time ever, looking worried and
          defeated. Something she'd never show anyone. A beat. Then:


          Well. We've had a pretty good run.
          She looks up. Sean is in the doorway.


          Maybe it's time to just.. .hang it
          up. Let it go. Call it a day.
          Tess's eyes go steely with determination.


          No. You cannot say that to me. I
          can eat these "sky is falling"
          dipshits for breakfast, lunch, and
          dinner, but not YOU. You cannot be
          that person. I've scoured dirty
          flea markets for costumes, stayed
          up all night sewing till my fingers
          bled, painted and repainted every
          goddamn wall of this place myself.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          I choreographed every step of every
          number. I've played nursemaid,
          sister, mother and shrink to every
          girl who's ever danced here. I've
          hocked every keepsake I've ever
          owned to keep this place afloat.
          Because this club is the last of
          it's kind, and if it goes away, one
          day there won't be anything like it-
          - and THAT would be a tragedy. So
          you cannot say that to me. Because
          now someone's gotta believe in me,
          Goddamnit. And I need that person
          to be you. So don't you ever let me
          hear you say that again. I will
          never let this club go. Never.
          Sean looks at her...a wry smile.


          There she is. Thought I'd lost you
          for a minute.
          Tess just looks at him, and smiles. He grabs a boa, throws it
          around his neck and exits. When he's gone, Tess's smile
          fades.
          IN THE CLUB, the place is empty. Jack is wiping down the bar
          cleaning up. He starts stacking some chairs in the house
          as..SEAN CROSSES the floor.


          Night, Jack.


          Night.
          Sean EXITS as Jack carries a stack of chairs to the side of
          the room, sets them down near the piano. STOPS, grabs a chair
          for himself and sits down. Begins to play an original song.
          ACROSS THE ROOM, Ali ENTERS from backstage. Her dance bag
          over her shoulder. She HEARS the piano, peers around a
          column, SEES Jack playing. She stays in the shadows and
          watches as he sings and plays a beautiful song. 
          The song ends. Ali applauds slowly. Impressed. Jack looks up,
          surprised that she is there.


          Beautiful. You write that?


          Just some sentimental crap. Ready?

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She smiles at his modesty. Nods. He crosses to her. Grabs her
          dance bag and they EXIT together.



          Jack enters, unloading his keyboard from his back. He hears
          Ali in the bedroom. He quietly moves over to the ajar
          bedroom door -- peeks in and sees:
          ALI, in bra and undies. She hums the song he played the night
          before in the mirror as she gets dressed.
          ON JACK, watching, mesmerized. His eyes travel her body.
          She moves out of view. He leans against the wall to try to
          keep seeing her -- and steps on the CAT. It MEOWS. He
          flattens against the wall. Ali looks up.


          Jack?
          Jack zips back to the door, opens it quietly, then SLAMS it.


          Hey! Just got home!
          Ali grabs a dress from her bed, slips into it.


          In here! Can you zip me up?
          In a nanosecond-- Jack enters the bedroom.


          Hey. Where you been?


          Rehearsing. I'm playing a late
          show tonight.
          As he zips up the back of her dress, he sees the PHOTO
          propped against the lamp on the bedside table.


          Who is that?
          She picks up the picture. Looks at it.


          Me and my mom on my 7th birthday.
          She died just a few weeks later.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          She was so young.


          24. There was so much she never
          got to do. Sometimes I feel like,
          if I make the most of my life, part
          of her will get to live a little
          more, too.


          Wow. You must miss her.
          She puts the photo down. Turns back to him. They're close.


          Every single day, something happens
          I want to tell her about.


          What was today's?
          A beat. Their eyes connect.


          Don't know. Hasn't happened yet.
          They stand there, close to each other. Jack sees a strand of
          hair caught in the earring. He pulls it away, freeing it.
          His fingers move through her hair. She closes her eyes,
          feeling his fingers against her neck.
          Then she opens her eyes, looks at him. He looks back, unable
          to look away. Until:
          His CELL PHONE RINGS. Breaking the mood. He pulls it from
          his pocket. Checks who's calling. Looks back at Ali.


          I should... it's... Natalie.
          Ali steps away from him, disappointed. He answers the phone.


          Hey, babe, how are you?
          Ali watches him walk away from her, falling into the
          conversation with Natalie.


          Yes, she's still here-What do you
          want me to do, it's not like you're
          here helping out, you know...

                         

                         

                         

                         


          Ali grabs her bag and jacket, heads for the door.
          MUSIC UP: An incredibly sexy saxophone which takes us to:
          FULL CLOSE UP: ALI steps into frame, starts singing.




          PULL BACK to reveal she's on stage at the club with the
          BURLESQUE GIRLS. Finger waves and 1920's sexy clothes.
















          - INT. JACK'S LIVING ROOM - Ali lies on her stomach on the
          floor perusing a Fashion Magazine. Across the room, Jack sits
          on the couch, PLAYING HIS KEYBOARD--UNDERSCORING THE SONG. He
          looks at Ali. Watching her. Without looking up, she takes a
          pencil, gathers her hair, and puts it up expertly. A few
          strands fall back onto her neck. Sexy. Ali feels his stare.
          Looks up at him. Smiles. He smiles back. She goes back to her
          magazine. ON JACK. Loving that she's there.
          - INT. BURLESQUE LOUNGE - DRESSING ROOM - Ali, the Girls and
           Sean getting ready. Georgia bursts into the room, showing off
           an ENGAGEMENT RING. Everyone jumps up, congratulates her.
          - INT. BURLESQUE STAGE - The GIRLS and Ali vamp, singing:








          AT THE BAR, Jack watches as he pours drinks.
          - EXT. STREET. AFTERNOON - Ali on the back of Jack's
          motorcycle, puts her arms around his waist. Jack revs the
          engine. Weaving through traffic on the Strip. The wind in
          their hair. Her scarf tears away, lifting into the air...
          - INT. BURLESQUE STAGE - Ali and Burlesque girls continue...

                         

                         

                         

                         












          - INT. JACK'S LIVING ROOM - Ali, Sean, Tess, Scarlett, Anna,
          Georgia, DAMON , hanging out in the living room,
          decorated with party gear. The lights dim and Jack and Coco
          enter with a birthday cake. They set it in front of Ali.
          Ali looks around at her friends, drinking it in. She locks
          eyes with Jack -- then closes her eyes and BLOWS.
          - INT. BURLESQUE STAGE - Ali, still singing her song.










          PULL BACK to reveal A PACKED HOUSE. The audience goes nuts.
          Marcus is at his table, clapping, whistling, her biggest fan.



          Ali walks up to the bar.


          Hey -- when can you cut out? I'm
          about to fall asleep standing up.


          I have that gig, remember? In
          fact, I gotta head out or I'm gonna
          be late.
          
          I can maybe swing you home before.


          No, that's okay, you go. I'll grab
          a ride with Coco.
          He grabs his jacket from under the bar. As he heads out:


          By the way -- you killed.


          
          Thanks.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          He disappears out the back exit. Ali turns around and finds
          herself face to face with Marcus.


          You ready?


          For what?


          I'll drop you off.


          Coco left five minutes ago.
          She realizes he was listening to her conversation.


          Excuse me?


          Sorry-- I was coming to talk to you
          and caught the end of your
          conversation.


          (putting on her coat
          reaching for her bags)
          Talk to me about...?


          Dinner. With me. Gimmie that.
          He swoops down and GRABS her dance bag and purse, turns and
          heads out.




          If you ever expect to see this bag
          alive again... you'll come with me.


          Hey...! Come back here...!



          ON Ali, looking out the window with her arms crossed. WIDEN
          to REVEAL, she's in car with Marcus, zipping along Sunset.


          Where are you taking me?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I told you-- to dinner.


          Dinner? What about Nikki-- What's
          up with you and Nikki?


          We're friends.


          Where I'm from friends don't chew
          each other's earlobes.


          Aren't you glad you left?
          
          Oh, damn!


          What?


          I just remembered I have to make a
          quick appearance at a party.


          You just remembered.


          It's on the way. We'll be quick.
          Ten minutes, tops. Do you mind?


          And if I do.


          Then you've been kidnapped.
          He turns off Sunset and heads up into the hills.



          Sprawling 60's modern. Walls of glass. Jetliner views.
          Valets running around out front.



          Fabulous party underway. Packed with glitterati. Music
          blares, caterers weave through the hip crowd. Marcus leads
          Ali in and guides her through the crowd.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Wow. Nice house.


          Hey, Marcus --


          Hey, how you doing?
          He shakes the guy's hand and moves on through the party.
          Someone else calls out to him.


          Marcus!


          Hey, let me get a drink, I'll be


          Marcus pulls Ali in the opposite direction, avoiding another
          GROUP trying to greet him. He grabs two wine glasses off a
          tray, gives one to Ali, then pushes through a door into:



          Bustling, food and booze everywhere. Marcus spots several
          trays of hors d'oeuvres. He picks up two of them.


          Marcus -- you can't just take that.




          He hands her one tray, sticks a bottle of wine in one pocket,
          throws an opener in another.


          They're gonna throw us out of here.


          Not if we sneak out first, come on.
          He kicks open a back door.



          A sky full of stars, hovering over an expansive back yard.
          Music from the party drifts out. Marcus looks around, up --

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Up there.
          He starts up some steps to an outdoor gazebo. Ali follows.
          They pass AN INCREDIBLY WELL-DRESSED COUPLE coming down.


          Hey, Marcus --


          Hey, Guys. Greg, Marla, this is
          Ali.
          They exchange hellos. Ali notices:


          Ooh. Killer shoes.


          Aren't they? Louboutins.




          Great party, as always.


          Glad you could come.
          Ali stares at Marcus. He smiles, takes her hand, keeps
          leading her up the stairs.


          You had to make an appearance at
          your own party?


          Would've been rude not to, right?
          You'd like those guys. Greg's the
          entertainment editor at the Times,
          and Marla's a designer.
          Ali glances back at Marla again, locks in on her shoes.


          I'm gonna dream about those shoes.


          Thousand dollars a pop.


          Jesus. Who can afford that?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I can.


          Hey, I saw them first.
          He laughs as they reach the top of the stairs and a
          BREATHTAKING PANORAMIC VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY is revealed.
          Ali pauses, taking in the glittering, massive view of L.A.


          Whoa. L.A. looks one hell of a lot
          prettier from up here.


          It should. That view cost me three
          times what the house did.


          See that strip mall down there?


          You own that too?


          No. I own everything above it.


          There is nothing above it.


          Exactly.


          You own...air?


          Air rights. The guy who owns the
          strip mall was having money issues
          and almost had to sell. Whoever he
          sold to would have put in a huge
          tower. So I bought the air rights.
          Now no one can ever build above one
          story.


          Aren't you the sly puss.


          Mall guy gets to keep his property.
          I get to keep the second best view
          in L.A.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          What's the first?
          He gazes at her. She rolls her eyes.


          How many girls have you used that
          on?


          None who ever called me on it.
          He smiles. Looks at her. Then...


          What do you want, Ali? In life.
          Girl like you, gives up everything,
          gets on a bus heading for total
          uncertainty-- she's got a dream. I
          want to know what it is.


          Why?


          Because you're talented enough to
          get whatever you want. And I'm
          smart enough to help make it
          happen. So? What do you want?
          A beat. She thinks about it. Looks him in the eye.


          I want to be the best singer I can
          be. I want to give as much joy as I
          get when I perform. And I want to
          die knowing I made the most of
          every opportunity life gave me.


          That's ...so beautiful.


          There wasn't a dry eye in the house
          when I said it at the Grundy County
          Junior Miss Talent Show.
          His eyes narrow.


          Why do you women always take
          advantage of nice boys?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Oh, please. You are SO not a nice
          boy.
          He clinks her glass. Smiles at her. Devilish and sexy.



          Party's over. Lights low. Ali walks through the almost-
          empty house, passes a COUPLE making out on a couch, a GUY who
          holds out a joint. She motions "no thanks", heads into the:
          LIVING ROOM, where Marcus is asleep on a Bertolli chair,
          drink in hand. An OLDER GUY is playing the piano quietly.
          Ali takes the drink from Marcus's hand, sets it on the table.
          She hears the pianist start a new song: . She smiles.
          Goes over to him.


          Ooh, I love this song.
          The Piano Player scoots to make room. She sits beside him. He
          starts humming along. She does too. Then he sings a line.
          She sings one back. And they fall in together. Not vamping,
          not performing. Just feeling the beauty of the music in the
          middle of the night.



          Jack quietly lets himself in. He sets his keyboard down, then
          sees the bedroom door cracked, the light on.


          Ali?
          He looks in. Empty. He checks the clock: 4:45. He hears a
          "meow", and sees the cat. He picks it up, turns out the
          light, and leaves the room.



          Sean, Coco, Nikki, Jesse, and the rest of the girls in early
          stages of getting ready. Ali enters.


          Someone has a package!
          Ali sees A GIFT BOX at her station. She reads the card: "You
          saw them first." She opens the box and sees the Louboutins.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Ooh. Faboo.
          Nikki picks one up -- checking their authenticity.


          Who's the sucker?
          All eyes turn to Ali. She's saved by Tess entering.


          Coco-puff, shake a leg, you're on
           in five, Georgie-Girl, Ali-Cat --
          move, move, move --
          Tess exits.


          Ahh. My Nanna used to call me her
          Ali-Cat.


          Yet another fascinating story.


          Why doesn't Tess have a nickname
          for me?


          Oh, she does.
          A knowing look amongst the girls.


          She never uses it.


          Sure she does.


          When?


          Just after you leave the room.
          Nikki gives him the finger and walks out. A beat. Then:


          Coke-whore.
          They crack up. CUE MUSIC: "STRANGE THINGS HAPPENING"

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Ali and the Burlesque Girls vamp forward and perform "STRANGE
          THINGS HAPPENING", a decadent, rockin' dance/singing number.
          Scantily-clad girls pose and dance on chairs with images
          projected onto them -- a rock fantasy with burlesque moves
          












          - INT. JACK'S APARTMENT - Jack, playing his keyboards. Ali
          comes in, wearing the Louboutins.


          You were out late last night.


          I got a ride home with that guy--
          Marcus-- we went to a party. It was
          fun.


          Marcus the Asshole?


          Yeah. Turns out he's not so bad.
          She heads past him, toward the kitchen. He notices:


          New shoes?



           Ali, singing. Marcus in the audience, watching her.











           Ali performing. Marcus watching from his table. With him is
          GREG . Jack watches from the bar.

                         

                         

                         

                         






          All the Bartenders sing, except Jack, who keeps his eyes on
          Marcus.













           Ali getting dressed to go out. She's wearing the Louboutins,
           crossing back and forth in front of Jack, who's on the sofa.


          There's only one reason a man buys
          a woman shoes, you know.


          So what if I'm getting a little
          male attention.


          You get a lot more than a little.


          Not from anyone who matters.




          I just think that you should be
          careful.
          Ali stops in front of him. Hands on her hips.


          And I just think that -- if you
          really feel the need to tell a girl
          what she should and shouldn't do,
          you should pick up the phone and
          call your fiancee.



          Ali continues to sing.







                         

                         

                         

                         


          AT THEIR TABLE, Greg leans into Marcus and whispers
          something, impressed. Marcus nods back: "Told you."







          Marcus drives Ali up the windy roads, into the hills.
          They're talking animatedly.









           Jack staring at a note: "Jack: going out, see you tom'w. - A"









          Ali moves in sync with the Girls. Tess watches from the
          wings, pleased.



















          Marcus leads Ali through a party, introducing her to
          everyone, making sure she knows people and is known by them.











          Nikki watches from the wings, seething, as Marcus delights in
          Ali's performance.

                         

                         

                         

                         









          Wee hours. Ali comes in, shuts the door as quietly as she
          can, then tiptoes past Jack, asleep on the couch.






          After she passes... Jack's eyes open.



          Ali, owning the stage and the room.








          The SONG ENDS in a flourish. There's a CAMERA FLASH!
          FREEZE FRAME on the image: ALI, belting onstage, with the
          Burlesque Girls striking a pose behind her.
          WIDEN to see it's a photo on the front page of the L.A. TIMES
          Calendar section. The headline: "BURLESQUE HAS A VOICE:".



          Jack, sleepy, in boxers, stares at the newspaper, bewildered.


          Hey. Have you seen this?


          What?
          Ali wanders out of the bathroom, brushing her teeth. He
          shows her the paper. She SCREAMS.



          The Burlesque Girls  crowd around the paper.


          That's bullshit.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          No. That's major.


          
          Look again. The only thing major is
          the size of your ass.
          Nikki walks off-- Scarlett pick up the paper, looks closer--
          Ali enters, dance bag over her shoulder, running late. The
          Burlesque Girls and Sean all APPLAUD  Ali
          smiles. Embarrassed. She curtsies sarcastically.
          Coco points to a BOUQUET OF ROSES at Ali's station.


          From Monsieur Louboutin, I presume.
          Ali reads the card: "To the best view in L.A. - M". Sean
          shoves her down in her seat, pulls her coat off.


          Shake your tail, Alicat, you still
          got a show to do.



           A PACKED LINE of chattering hipsters snakes down the block.







          Daredevils Missy and Kitten DeVille, in striped stockings,
          corsets, and tons of cleavage, swing on a trapeze over the
          audience. Playing the comedy, grabbing each other in all the
          right places. Classic Burlesque, unusually bawdy. Equally
          suggestive, funny, and skillful.
          Tess, all dolled-up, weaves through the tables, greeting,
          welcoming, reveling in the crowd.
          FIND Ali as she strides over to Marcus's booth. He stands,
          hands her a glass of champagne.


          To the girl of the hour.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I'm starting to think you'll go to
          any length.




          I just made a call to Greg at the
          Times.


          Well-- I appreciate the kudos.
          
          And Tess appreciates the business.


          This has NOTHING to do with Tess.
          This is about you. And me.


          You are so full of it.
          He laughs-- takes her arm--


          I've got another friend I want you
          to meet.
          She sees HAROLD SAINT sitting in the booth. He's in his
          60's, still dressing like Robert Evans in his heyday.


          Ali Rose, Harold Saint.




          Harold Saint? Shut up. You worked
          with Etta James.


          Her, she chewed me up and spat me
          out, that one. But with her voice,
          I forgive her everything.


          You got a set of pipes on you, too,
          little girl. I like your sound.


          Thank you.


          I like yours.


          You ever recorded?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Not yet.


          We should do something about that.
          He stands. Turns to Marcus.


          See you round, kiddo.
          He points his finger, gun-style, which would seem cheesy, but
          he's old school, so instead it's weirdly cool. He leaves.


          Holy shit. Harold Saint.
          AT THE BAR, Jack watches Ali and Marcus talking excitedly.
          Not liking what he sees. Sean breezes by, grabs a drink.


          You snooze, you lose, pretty boy.



          Sean grips the drink in his teeth as he bustles through the
          backstage, gathering costumes. He passes Tess going the other
          way.


          Can you believe this crowd?
          He dumps the costumes in her arms.


          'bout time. These poor babies are
          begging for your glue-gun.
          Tess walks off with the armful of clothes, so happy, humming
          to herself, passes her OFFICE-- OPENS the door to SEE--
          VINCE is sitting at her desk. He flinches at the sight of her-


          Can you believe the crowd out
          there? Never thought I'd see-
          She stops in her tracks, spotting Vince's PANTS on the FLOOR,
          and a TRAIL OF WOMEN'S CLOTHES to...
          THE NEW COCKTAIL WAITRESS, peering out, half-dressed, from
          behind the curtains--

                         

                         

                         

                         






           In my god damn office?
           She shakes her head-- GRABS HER PURSE-- and walks out.



           Tess, pissed off, carries the damaged costumes out to her
          car. Nikki is behind her, following her out.


          Tess. We need to talk.
          Tess rolls her eyes, doesn't slow.


          Not now, Nikki.


          Yes, now. I've been here since the
          beginning. We built this club
          together. And then some girl shows
          up out of nowhere-- who hasn't even
          paid her dues--


          I'll get her to write a check
          tomorrow.


          And suddenly it's her show?


          No, it's not her show. It's my
          show. But people want to hear her
          sing. She's bringing them in off
          the streets. You better believe I'm
          building a show around her!


          I can sing too! And you know it.
          But you don't give a shit. You
          always say this is a dance troupe,
          now suddenly it's not?





                         

                         

                         

                         




          And you expect me to dance behind a
          girl who struts in with a new pair
          of shoes she got for sleeping with
          Marcus Gerber?


          
          Nikki, you're wasted. Go home.


          I won't be upstaged by some slut
          with mutant lungs!
          Tess hurls the costumes in the trunk of her car, furious.


          So don't be! Leave! If you don't
          want to be a part of what's
          happening here, then I don't want
          you around.




          You'd destroy our friendship and
          break up the group over some girl
          you barely know?


          Since when do you care about
          friendship? Or this group? You're
          a trainwreck, Nikki! You put
          tequila on your breakfast cereal!
          I'm struggling to survive here, and
          you show up too drunk to dance!
          You call that loyalty?
          Nikki just looks at her--


          Okay, then. I quit!
          Nikki stomps off. Tess sighs --






          Marcus says you're losing the club
          anyway!


          "They don't come to hear us sing"



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Stupid bitch.
          Nikki flips her off and keeps walking. Then turns once more:


          By the way: I slept with Vince the
          day after your honeymoon.
          Tess's eyes narrow. She grabs a HIGH-HEELED PUMP and HURLS
          it. It flies through the air and hits Nikki in the back of
          the head. Nikki SCREAMS, whips around, incredulous, to see:
          TESS, running right at her. Nikki bolts, heading for her
          car. She jumps in, locks the door just as Tess SMASHES her
          fist on the window and KICKS the door. Nikki starts the car.


          You crazy bitch!
          Nikki screeches off, leaving Tess alone in the parking lot.
          Tess stands there a moment, then HEADS back into the club.



          The club is totally empty. Everyone is gone. Tess ENTERS,
          GRABS her bag as she spots a cabaret chair lying on it's side
          on stage. She crosses onto the stage. Picks up the chair
          as...


          Night, Tess.
          Tess looks up, Dave is closing up the sound booth.


          Night, Dave.
          Dave FLIPS a big lever, and almost all the lights go OUT,
          leaving one shaft of light across the stage. We HEAR Dave
          leave, as the street door closes shut. Tess alone on stage.





          Ali enters quietly, all dressed up. She slips off her heels
          and tiptoes to the bedroom. She slowly opens the bedroom
          door, then stops when she sees:

                         

                         

                         

                         


          JACK, asleep in the bed. Ali looks at him, then looks at the
          couch. Empty. She closes the door, fluffs the pillow, lies
          down on the couch, and pulls the blankets up over her.
          She lies in the darkness. PUSH THROUGH the wall to see Jack,
          lying awake in the bed, the cat on his lap.








          CLOSE ON Ali, sleeping on the sofa-- abruptly wakes to the
          deafening grinding of coffee. She gets up, drags herself to
          the kitchen. Sees Jack, grinding the coffee way longer than
          is necessary.


          You really need to do that at 6 in
          the morning?
          He turns, sees her.


          Little overdressed for breakfast.


          My pajamas were in my bedroom.
          Which was occupied.


          Well, you're never here so... it's
          stupid for me to crash on the couch
          every night when there's a
          perfectly good empty bed.
          Jack grinds the coffee beans again. Ali winces.


          So -- you want the bedroom back?
          Is that what you're saying?


          The bed should be used by someone.


          Hey, I'm home every night. Maybe
          not when you think I should be, but
          last I checked, you were my
          roommate, not my mother.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          However, since it's an issue, what
          the hell, take the bed, I'll sleep
          on the sofa. I don't care.


          Fine.


          Fine.


          You'll have to move all your shit.


          I realize that.


          Cause the room's a total mess --


          I'll move my stuff, God --


          Clothes, make-up, shoes, hair
          things.


          Jesus, Jack, what is your problem?
          Ever since I started hanging out
          with Marcus, you've been acting
          like a class-A prick. Is there
          something you want to say?


          What? No. What do I care? You're
          ambitious, he can make things
          happen, go ahead, make a deal with
          the devil, what's it to me?


          First of all: He's not the devil.
          He's a smart businessman. And oddly
          enough-- a gentleman.


           Second: I'm gonna take the couch,
           and you're gonna 86 the attitude.
           Or I'm finding another place to
           live.
          She storms out of the kitchen, tripping over the cat-- a LOUD
           MEOW! as the cat scurries away, Jack intercepting him--


          And try not to kill the cat!

                         

                         

                         

                         


          A SLAM of the bedroom door. MUSIC UP: INSTRUMENTAL to "BABY
          IT'S YOUR by The Shirelles.



           CLOSE ON: A DIAMOND RING as it's placed on the hand of A
          VERY PREGNANT GEORGIA. Wearing an adorable mini-skirt
          maternity wedding dress. She looks at DAMON with devotion.
          Ali, Tess, Coco, Sean and Jack, all watching the ceremony.
          Ali looks over at Jack. He looks at her, then away.



          The reception is underway. GUESTS are drinking, dancing with
          the iconic backdrop of Hollywood behind them. Ali, Sean,
          Coco and Tess stand together drinking, overlooking the city.
          ACROSS THE TERRACE, Jack is talking on his cell phone.


          What do you mean, you're still in
          New York? ...So you just -- decided
          not to come? You think you
          might've wanted to, I don't know,
          let me know??? We haven't seen each
          other in six months.
          ACROSS THE TERRACE, Ali sees Jack yelling into his phone.
          Sean sees her watching.




          .why does every conversation we
          have end up being about YOUR
          future...
          Jack looks across the terrace at Ali. Moonlight on her
          shoulders. A breeze in her hair.


          .you know what, you're right. We
          both should be thinking about our
          futures. And I might just be
          looking at mine right now. Break a
          leg baby.
          Jack hangs up with finality and marches toward the bar-- His
          cell phone immediately rings again.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          He sees it's Natalie, sends it to voicemail, and shuts off
          his phone. As he PASSES Sean and Coco--


          I guess Natalie's not coming after
          all.


          Oh, please, that girl? Show up at
          a party where she's not the center
          of attention?
          AT THE BAR - LATER - Jack drains one drink and orders
          another, getting very drunk. Ali sidles up to the bar.




          Shot of Patron.
          Jack raises his brow. Ali drinks the shot, and without
          looking at him--


          Lookin' kinda lonely.




          No. Not lonely. Liberated, yes.
          Libated, absolutely. But never
          lonely. Cheers, baby--
          He raises his glass-- she rolls her eyes, walks off-- he
          follows her, playfully PUSHING her from behind.


          Hey-- what're we, in junior high?


          You still mad at me, Iowa? C'mon.
          Bring it on.
          She starts to say something as-- THE SHIRELLES start to sing
          "BABY IT'S YOU"-- Jack turns to the DJ, points both fingers
          at him and YELLS:




          Everyone stares at the drunk guy. Ali rolls her eyes and
          walks off-- Jack swings her around, PULLING her close-- she
          just looks at him. Starts to laugh at how drunk he is-- Jack
          wraps her in his arms and starts to sing quietly in her ear.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          .Many many many nights go by, I
          sit alone, at home and cry, over
          you...


          Well, you're quite the crooner.
          He looks her in the eye.


          I'm sorry for being a class A
          prick.
           Ali smiles, surprised at his candor. He breathes a sigh of
          relief.


          And as of about...
          (bleary look at his watch,


          .some time ago, I am officially a
          single man.


          You and Natalie split up?


          That we did. So. That explains what
          I'm doing here all alone. What are
          you doing here all alone?


          Do I look alone to you?
          They share a look. Then he spins her around in his arms. She
          laughs.
          AT THE BAR, tipsy Sean and Coco stand side-by-side. Coco is
          watching the DJ spin. The DJ glances down at them.


          That DJ's hot.


          You think?


          He keeps looking at me.
          Coco smiles up at him, flirty. The DJ smiles back.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Hmmm...I think he's cuckoo for Coco-
          puffs.
          They look at each other, then crack up like giggling
          schoolgirls.



          CLOSE ON: A KEY TRYING TO GO INTO A LOCK. Then it disappears
          from view. We hear it CLANK to the ground. Then giggles.


          Whoopsie daisy --
          PULL BACK to find Jack and Ali, drunk, staring at the keys on
          the ground.


          Whoopsie daisy?


          My Nanna used to say that all the
          time. That and upsie jumpsie.


          Upsie jumpsie?
          
          Upsie jumpsie, whoopsie daisy,
          upsie jumpsie, whoopsie daisy,
          upsie jumpsie --


          When would she say that?


          When she wanted her dog to get on
          the bed with her. That is --


          when she was alive.
          Their eyes meet. A connection. Then, staring into her eyes:


          
          The dog, or Nanna?
          Ali bursts out laughing. So does Jack, as he pushes the door
          open, and they fall into the apartment.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Jack and Ali stumble in, Jack knocks the lamp over trying to
          turn on the light. It BREAKS. Ali giggles as she plops down
          on the couch, struggling to take off her leather boot. No
          luck. She holds her legs out.


          Help me.
          Jack gets the lamp to standing, then grabs one of Ali's
          boots, slides it off, dumps it. Then he tries the second --
          it sticks -- he pulls harder -- the boot pops off and he
          careens backwards, crashing into the lamp, knocking it over
          again. Ali cracks up. He turns to the lamp.


          
          Stay.
          He turns back to Ali, regains composure, bows


          Good night.
          He backs away, into the bedroom. Ali looks confused.


          Oh. Okay.


          Good night.
          Jack disappears into the bedroom and closes the door. Ali
          stares at it, surprised. Then resigned. Oh, well. She
          undoes her bra, threads it through her top and out the arms.
          Then Jack's door opens. He stands in the doorway in matching
          "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" pajamas, leaning against the
          doorframe like Hugh Hefner in his finest silk smoking jacket.


          Cute jammies.


          A gift from my mother. Never worn
          them.


          Go figure.
          Jack walks past Ali, toward the door.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Forgot to lock up.


          Okay. Night.


          Night again.
          He walks back into the bedroom and once gain shuts the door.
          Ali smiles to herself, plumps her pillow. The door flies
          open again -- Jack's there in just the pants, no top.


          Water. No hangover.
          He stumbles past Ali to the kitchen, drinks from the tap.
          After a moment he returns to the bedroom, nodding to Ali.


          Night.
          Ali just nods. He closes the door. Ali smiles, waiting.
          After a beat, the door opens again. Jack is there, in boxers.


          Hungry.
          He walks past her to the kitchen, opens a box of cereal,
          pours it into his mouth. Grabs some milk from the fridge,
          pours it into his mouth, too. Returns to the bedroom,
          crunching. He closes the door. Then -- very quickly -- he
          opens it again and walks out.


          I know I forgot something else, but
          I just can't remember what...


          Door locked, water, food...
          He wanders out into the room, past Ali, and we see from
          behind he is butt-ass naked. She cracks up.


          What's so funny?
          She covers her face. He glances down.


          Well I never!
          He strides back to the bedroom, shutting the door. After a
          moment, he comes back out dressed in an old, flowered
          bathrobe and fur-lined orange hunting cap.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I remembered what I forgot to do.


          What?




          Kiss you goodnight.
           He crosses to her, takes her in his arms, and kisses her.
           She kisses back, making up for all their lost time.
           MUSIC UP: "PRISONER" a big, soulful ballad.





          Ali steps into frame on stage, singing:




















          Jack and Ali in bed, in post-coital bliss.


          Well, it's official.


          What?


          You are definitely not gay.
          He smiles at her, drunk with lust. CAMERA PANS UP AND OFF OF




          Ali on stage, lights blasting.

                         

                         

                         

                         






















           Ali and Jack in bed, in different positions, wrapped in
           sheets. Jack traces the outline of her lips with his finger.


          I've been wanting to do this since
          you first walked in the club.
          She cocks an eyebrow at him.


          Sure got a funny way of showing it.
          He smiles at her.


          I'll show you an even funnier way --
          you ready?
          He disappears under the sheets. She SQUEALS, starts laughing
          hysterically. CAMERA PANS UP AND OFF OF THEM THEN DRIFTS




          Ali, on stage, belting:



















                         

                         

                         

                         


          Jack in bed, sitting against the headboard, wearing only a
          hat. Ali's leg in the foreground, a la The Graduate, as she
          pulls on one fishnet stocking. Jack watches, mesmerized.


          So, what about Natalie...?


          Natalie who?
          Ali smiles. Rolls the stocking up over her shapely thigh,
          then slowly takes it off. Looks at Jack. He strikes his
          chest, struck by cupid--


          Do it again.
          She giggles, repeats the sexy act for him. CAMERA PANS UP AND




          Ali on stage, the big finish:





























          Jack and Ali, twisted up in the sheets, their respective
          eyeliners smeared. Ali's platinum bob sticks up in all
          directions. Half of a fake eyelash stuck on her cheek.



          CLOSE ON THE LOCK as a key is inserted. The door opens.

                         

                         

                         

                         





           A PAIR OF WOMEN'S HEELS enter the apartment and pick their
           way over last night's discarded clothes and head for:



           Where Jack and Ali are sleeping, entwined. The heels stop at
          the base of the bed. A beat. Then, enraged:




          Jack bolts up in bed. Stares.


          Natalie!
          Ali blinks awake. Confused.


          Natalie?
          Jack scrambles for something to put on.


          YOU are a LIAR. You're a sneaky,
          pathetic LI-AR!


          
          What 's she doing here:


          I don't know!


          I LIVE HERE, you bleached out
          tramp, what the hell are YOU doing
          here?!!




          You were engaged to this woman?


          
          Nat, can we talk about this in the
          living room --

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I can't BELIEVE I bought your
          bullshit: "It's nothing, she's just
          this chick from work, she's
          nothing."


          That's what he called you.
          "Nothing. She's not even pretty.
          
          Well, at least you were honest
          about one thing--


          You said that? No, I didn't --


          He most certainly did! Nat-- shut the fu--


          Jack?!? Don't even say his name!
          As Ali grabs for a shirt--


           Listen, Ali-- let me just-- would
          you mind --


          What?!?


          Giving us a little privacy?




          You want me to leave?


          Yes you! I'm the fiancee. You're a
          booty call. You go.


          Natalie, Jesus, STOP IT!
          Ali grabs some pants from the floor, pulls them on.


          Fine, I'm out of here--
          
          You said you split up!

                         

                         

                         

                         


          In one phone call? Please, you
          don't dump a girl like me on the
          phone.


          Both of you-- STOP IT!
          As Ali quickly grabs a few things--


          Ali-- I'm really sorry-- I--


          So am I.
          She gathers up more things, really pissed--


          Wait-- do you need money for a
          Motel or...
          Ali stifles him with an incredulous glare-- can't believe how
          this is going down. She looks at him, so incredibly hurt.
          Grabs her suitcase and brushes past him, stuffing her
          belongings into it. Jack goes after her--


          Ali, wait a second-- don't--
          
          --go.


          Shit.
          Jack looks at Natalie. She folds her arms.



          Ali knocks on a door, suitcase in hand. A beat. Then a good-
          looking guy, who's obviously just woken up, answers with a
          blanket wrapped around him. He is the DJ from the wedding.


          Oh. I'm sorry. I think I have the
          wrong apartment. I'm looking for
          Sean?
          
          Brown hair? 5'10n? Early 30's?


          Oh, Sean! I thought he said John.
          He's asleep. Come in.

                         

                         

                         

                         


           The DJ shuffles inside. Ali follows as he leads her to the
          bedroom. He points to Sean in the bed.


          That him?
          Ali nods. Sean's eyes pop open, confused to see her.


          What are you doing here?


          Long story.
          Sean notices the guy in the blanket.


          Ali, this is Mike.


          Mark.


          Mark???


          Oh. Anyone want coffee?


          I'll make it. You two get
          acquainted.



          Ali makes coffee, looking out the window at Hollywood. Her
          phone rings. She answers right away, thinking it's Jack.






          Hey gorgeous.


          Oh. Marcus.




          Is the coffee ready?


          Who's that?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Mark. Or Mike. Jury's still out.


          Should I be jealous?


          Only if you had your eye on Sean.


          You okay? You sound down.


          Mmm. Maybe a little.


          I know just the cure.


          What's that?


           Me. But you turned me down.
          She thinks for a moment. Then:


          Haven't you heard? No is the new
          yes.



           A curtain lifts revealing a black box, FIVE GIRLS from behind
          seem to be floating in blackness, their curves illuminated.
          They begin to move to the music (think WABASH BLUES, CRAZY
          HORSE SALOON) The group turns toward us--













          NATALIE'S HEELS storm away from the apartment. Carrying her
          bags, really PISSED, she kicks a big, fat rose blossom off a
          bush, and continues on.



                         

                         

                         

                         


          The girls continue the number. Post modern Gaultier bondage
          cages on top, bowler hats and black shorts. A HUMONGOUS moon
          hangs at the back of the theatre, the black stage awash in
          golden light.



















          Marcus is waiting in his Bentley. Ali gets in. Marcus looks
          at her. She forces a smile. The Bentley rounds the corner as
          we HOLD and see JACK'S MOTORCYCLE thunder up. He gets off,
          runs to the building.



          Sean and Mark exchange awkward good-byes.


          Well. Bye.


          You... Take care. Sean.
          Mark turns, heads down the stairs as Jack rushes up, calling:


          Is Ali here?


          Just left.
          Mark continues down. Jack whips around, looks at him, then up
          at Sean, who nods.


          Where'd she go?


          With Marcus.


          What?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          I told you, opportunity doesn't
          knock forever.
          Jack burns, frustrated, then heads slowly down the stairs.
          Sean shakes his head and turns to go back inside. Then
          pauses, noticing:
          Mark, looking up at Sean's apartment, hesitating. Then he
          opens his car to get in. Sean stands there, realizing he's
          doing the same thing. He steps onto the stairwell. Calls out:


          Hey! You!




          It's Mark.


          Mark. You wanna have breakfast?
          Off Mark's smile:



          Ali follows Marcus through the kitchen, to the fridge.


          My mother always said there's only
          one thing to do when you're feeling
          blue...
          He opens the fridge and pulls out a bottle of CHAMPAGNE.


          She was a poet.


          And a drunk.
          Ali smiles. Marcus pops the cork, fills two glasses, hands
          her one. Clinks.


          To your new place.


          What new place?

                         

                         

                         

                         





          A lavish, 1000-square-foot guest house. Marcus ushers Ali in.


          All yours.
          
          Unpack. Move in.


          Marcus, I can't just--


          Sure you can.
          Marcus plops her suitcase on the bed.


          Unpack. You're home.


          It's not even on the bus route.


          Okay, that is the first and last
          time the term "bus route" will be
          spoken in this house.
          
          Four cars. Which do you want?



           Ali lies on a chaise overlooking the panoramic view of L.A.
          against a fiery red sky. Marcus comes out of the house, with
          a bottle of wine. Crosses and sits next to her on the chaise.
          Marcus refills their wine glasses. An empty bottle already
          there. She sips as she leans back and relaxes.


          Better?




          Better.
          She looks out at a giant billboard at eye level.


          You're gonna be on one of those
          someday.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Yeah, right.


          Sooner than you think, too. Harold
          Saint called me today. You made
          quite an impression on him.


          Really? What'd he say?


          He wants to make a demo with you.


          Are you serious? When??


          He found a little studio time on
          Tuesday.


          This Tuesday?


          Too soon?


          No! Oh my god, no, that's amazing.
          You're amazing.


          I like making you happy. Your whole
          face lights up.
          Their eyes meet. He pushes some hair out of her face.


          I think you're way too nice to me.


          And that's a problem because...


          I've had a lot to drink. And my
          judgment is off.
          He touches her face, their chemistry palpable.


          Hey, I'm a gentleman. Which means
          I'd never kiss a lady when she's...
          vulnerable.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She looks at him.


          Liar.
          She leans in and impulsively pulls him into a kiss.



          Jack, alone now, collects the clothes Ali left behind. He
          reaches under the couch and sees the PHOTO of Ali and her
          mother. He picks it up, smooths out the cracks. Traces 7-
          year-old Ali's face with his fingertips.



          Ali lies in a tangle of 1000-thread-count sheets. Her eyes
          blink open. She sits up alone, getting her bearings.


          Where am I?
          She sees a Warhol-esque PRINT OF MARCUS on the wall. She
          raises her brows then sees her disheveled reflection in a
          huge mirror: smeared mascara, hair askew.


          Who am I?
          She sees her and Marcus's clothes in a trail on the floor and
          bites her lip, remembering last night.



          Ali, freshly showered, enters, a stranger in a strange land.
          STAFF is milling around. She HEARS a SPLASH. Looks out the
          glass windows, sees Marcus swimming laps. The HOUSEKEEPER
          passes her, nods "morning". Ali smiles.
          Then she notices a long table full of miniature MODELS of
          BUILDINGS. She takes them in, pausing at a tall, sleek MODEL
          of a glass HIGH-RISE, towering over the other models.
           She runs her finger lightly over it, intrigued. Then she
          sees the address marker: 7800 Sunset Blvd.
          Ali stares, stunned. Marcus enters, toweling himself dry.


          Morning.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          He comes up behind her, nuzzles her neck.


          What is this?


          Now it's a model. But when it
          grows up, it'll be a mixed-use
          space: retail and residential.


          This is the address of the
          Burlesque Lounge.
          Marcus shrugs, dries his hair.


          Best view on the Sunset Strip, with
          no windows. When I'm done with it,
          it'll have a thousand.


          You can't tear down the club.


          Actually, I can.


          But what about the history? That
          place is a landmark.


          Not according to the city.


          Does Tess know about this?


          What Tess knows and doesn't know
          isn't a big concern of mine.


          What makes you think she would ever
          sell the Lounge?


          She has no choice. She's going
          under.


          But that club is her life!

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Oh, come on, you get this. It's
          business. It's not personal.


          Not personal? It's pretty god damn
          personal for Tess! And Coco and
          Sean and Alexis. And what about
          Jesse? And Dave the lighting guy?






          And what about me? It's pretty God
          damn personal to me.
          She turns to leave.


          Where are you going?


          To the club. Where I work.
          She marches out of the room, resolute--


          Ali-- wait!!!
          At the door she turns back and looks at him. As he starts to
          speak, she SLAMS the door shut as we HEAR "THAT'S LIFE".



           Eva Destruction does a sexy contortionist number on stage as
          the Tattooed Bumper Band plays "THAT'S LIFE" with her.
          CLOSE ON - a LINE OF SHOT GLASSES. Tequila is poured. The
          Bartenders behind the bar, Jack sits on a stool on the other
          side, his bags packed beside him. They all pick up their shot
          glasses, toast and drink as they begin to sing "THAT'S LIFE"
          in a rousing, fun, guys number.















                         

                         

                         

                         





          Tess pulls into the lot-- gets out of her car dressed to the
          nines in a tailored business suit, hair up, professional. She
          HEADS into the club--



          As Eva performs and the Bartenders and Jack sing, SEAN looks
          up at Dave, and MOTIONS for the SPOTLIGHT on Jack. Dave nods,
          and SWINGS the SPOTLIGHT hitting JACK. The Bartenders push
          Jack up onto the bar as he TAKES THE LEAD--






























          The whole club is with him now, as Jack channels Sinatra,
          standing on the bar-- the Bartenders sing back-up.
















          Applause, hoots and hollers. Jack high-fives and fist pumps
          his buddies, hugs Sean, grabs his bag and suitcase and EXITS
          out the back as...
          Tess ENTERS. SEES Sean is at the bar. He looks up--


          How'd it go?
          
          Oh, shit.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          She grabs a bottle of Tequila and a glass, turns to walk off.


          What are you gonna do?


          Right now? Get really drunk.
          THE FRONT DOORS OPEN, and Ali ENTERS, spots Tess, rushes over
          to her.


          Tess! I have to talk to you!
          Tess keeps walking.


          Marcus Gerber is trying to buy the
          lounge, and he's gonna tear it down
          and build a twenty-story
          skyscraper!
          Tess stops. Slowly turns and stares at Ali, who's suddenly
          embarrassed to admit...


          I just saw the plans.
          Tess looks at Ali. Stunned. Ali stands there, breathless,
          waiting for her reaction. But Tess just turns, continues up
          to her office, and shuts the door. Ali turns to Sean-- then
          starts after her--


          She has to do something! She can't
          just let him --




          Let it go, girl. She just got
          turned down for another loan. It's
          either foreclose, or sell to
          Marcus.


          So that's it? It's over?


          The circle of life, baby. All good
          things must come to an end.


          But she can't just give up!

                         

                         

                         

                         




          She's not giving up. She's going
          down with her ship. With dignity.
          Ali sits on a barstool, in disbelief.


          I've got something for you.
          He pulls out the photo of Ali with her mother. It's in a new
          frame.


          Where'd you get this?


          Jack. He dropped it off on his way
          to the airport.


          Where's he going?


          New York on the red-eye.


          To be with Natalie?


          Pedal faster, baby, he and Natalie
          are over. You're the one he's been
          looking high and low for.




          Really...?


          Then why's he going to New York?


          
          Get your ass over to LAX and ask
          him yourself!
          Ali nods, jumps up from her stool, and races for the door,
          then stops, realizing:


          I don't have a --
          Sean tosses her his CAR KEYS.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          American to JFK. Go!
          Ali catches the keys and TAKES OFF.
          - EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT - Ali  peels out of
           the lot, weaving through traffic as she lifts her cell.
          - INT. AIRPORT - NIGHT - CLOSE SHOT: a CELL PHONE in a
           plastic bowl moves through a security X-ray machine.


          This is Jack. Leave me a message.
          FIND Jack on the other side, as his belongings come down the
          conveyor belt. He grabs them, turns off his cell.
          - EXT. STREET - NIGHT - ALI skids through a light, veers past
          cars.
          - INT. CONCOURSE - NIGHT Jack reaches gate 43, sees a long
          line. Gets in back.
          - INT. AIRPORT TERMINAL - NIGHT - Ali bolts through the
           front door, frantically checks the DEPARTURES MONITOR.
          Finds: NEW YORK JFK, GATE 43: NOW BOARDING.
          - INT. TERMINAL - NIGHT - Ali races up the escalator,
          approaching SECURITY.


          Boarding pass?


          I have to talk to someone, he's --


          No one's allowed past this point
          without a boarding pass.


          But I have to speak to him!


          I'm sorry, miss.






          There's Gate 43, right over there.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          He points. It's the first gate beyond Security. Ali sees
          Jack, in line, about to board the plane. He's wearing his
          iPod headset, deaf to the world.




          ALL HEADS TURN to look at her, except Jack, who can't hear.
          A PLUMP WOMAN in front of him looks at Ali. Ali points to
          Jack. The woman taps Jack and points. He looks to see:
           ALI, on the other side of Security. Jack takes his earphones
           off and smiles. He crosses over to her, carrying his bag.
          They are separated by several feet of security ropes.


          What are you doing here?


          Sean told me you're going to New
          York. Please don't go!


          I have to. I got an offer from that
          band -- the Punk Fusion group. They
          want me to tour with them.


          Really?


          They finally had it with the flaky
          keyboardist. I'll be back in five
          weeks. Will you be here?


          Yes! Yes. Absolutely.


          What about Marcus?


          .Marcus who?
          They share a smile, separated by the ropes.


          I'm trying to figure out if I
          should kiss you now, or make you
          wait five weeks.


          Five weeks?! That's forever!

                         

                         

                         

                         


          ANGLE ON: A MALE AND FEMALE SECURITY GUARD, listening to the
          whole exchange.








          I gotta go, that's me.
          He picks up his bags. It's killing Ali.


          I'll call you when I get there.
          Take care of Miles Davis.
          
          Our cat. I named him.
          They smile again. Neither wanting this moment to end. She
          waves. He nods. Then he turns and walks off to board. Ali
          watches him go.
          ON JACK, walking back to the gate-then -- he stops. Turns
          back to see Ali, but she's gone.


          Boy, you get out there and kiss
          that girl! Now!
          Jack looks at her, then quickly turns to walk past the Male
          Security Guard.


          Go ahead-- but you're gonna have to
          come back through Security again.


          But then I'll miss my flight!


          Martin! Don't you dare keep that
          boy from kissing his girl!
          Martin looks at Jack. Then:


          Ah, hell. Go ahead. Bag stays here.
          Jack drops his bag, takes a running JUMP over the ROPES and
          RUNS through the crowded concourse -- startling everyone.
          ON ALI, as she walks through the concourse, reliving her last
          sight of Jack. As she's about to get on the escalator:

                         

                         

                         

                         






          She turns. Jack is there. In one fantastically romantic move,
          he pulls her into his arms, kisses her deeply -- an epic kiss
          that makes passersby stop and stare.






          Jack looks at Ali.


          Well, go get 'em, Jack.
          He smiles, then disappears into the crowd. Ali stands there,
          watching him, gobsmacked by the kiss.



          Sean's car whips into the parking lot. Ali jumps out and
          heads for the front entrance. The CONSTRUCTION WORKERS from
          the towering building across the street HOOT and CAT-CALL at
          her. She waves to them and nods: that's right, boys.



          Ali enters just as Tess, in a spotlight on stage, turns
          toward the audience. She looks fabulous. Only someone who
          knows her really well could tell she's dying inside.


          Smoother than honey and twice as
          sweet. Each girl lovelier then the
          next. Gentlemen, hold onto your
          hats. Ladies, hold on to your
          gentlemen. We may not have
          windows.. .but we DO have...
          
          .the best view on the Sunset
          Strip.
          The audience hoots as the Burlesque Girls ENTER the stage
          dancing. 
          ON ALI-- a lightbulb going on! As Tess exits the stage, Ali
          pushes through the crowd and races backstage.

                         

                         

                         

                         





           Tess is arriving in her office, defeated, as Ali bursts in
          behind her.


          Tess!


          You could knock-- this is still my
          office--at least for another 48




          But this is really, really --
          Tess holds up a hand.


          Not. Now.






          I said -- NOT --


          Yes now! God damn, you are one
          stubborn mule of a woman. Anyone
          else in their right mind would have
          figured out by now, when I have
          something to tell you, you listen!
          I told you I could dance, did you
          listen? No. Big mistake. I told
          you I could sing, did you listen?
          No. Big. mistake. This time you are
          going to hear what I have to say if
          I have to tie you up with your
          corset strings and scream it in
          your God damn ear.
          For the first time someone silences Tess. Ali takes a breath.


          Have you ever heard of air rights?



          TWO SETS OF FIERCE HEELS and LEGS stride in unison down a
          sidewalk. PAN UP as Tess and Ali enter:

                         

                         

                         

                         





          A smartly-dressed BUSINESSMAN sits at his mahogany desk deep
          in a phone conversation as WHAM! The door to his office
          flies open and Ali and Tess stride in, an overwrought
          assistant on their heels.




          Jim -- Jim -- hang on, I'm gonna
          have to call you back -- Jim!
          Damnit, Nancy, get him back.
          Assistant scurries out. Businessman turns to Tess.


          Back with more noise complaints?


          You offered to buy my club a few
          years back. I said no.


          And now you've changed your mind.


          Not exactly.
          Tess smiles at him. Looks at Ali, who's not smiling. She
          elbows her. Ali starts smiling. Tess walks up to the desk and
          sits herself down. Ali does the same.


          I'm confused.


          Go with me, there's a good ending,
          I promise. How much will these
          condos you're building sell for?


          They start at one million and go
          up, depending on the view.


          What if I told you a twenty-story
          high-rise was going up where my
          club is?


          Would twenty stories block his
          view?

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Ten stories would. Twenty would
          decimate them. Leaving behind a lot
          of angry homeowners staring across
          the street at fluorescent light
          bulbs and dirty windows.


          So. Mr. ?


          Anderson.


          Mr. Anderson. Your pretty million-
          dollar ocean views are going away
          because I'm selling my building to
          a developer tomorrow who'll have
          his twenty stories all framed up by
          the time you start selling --


          Trying to sell--


          Trying to sell these condos.


          Or. I can put you in a position
          where your buyers could be
          guaranteed their million-dollar
          views forever.


          I'm listening.


          As am I. As long as you're telling
          me you'll have a check to me by
          5:00 today.



           The BUMPER BAND PLAYS. Vince sits with his POSSE. His
           cocktail waitress/girlfriend approaches with an empty tray.
          She whispers to him:


          Sorry, baby, they cut you off at
          the bar. Said you have to pay cash.


          What? I co-own this goddamn place--

                         

                         

                         

                         


          Tess comes up behind him.


          Not anymore you don't. I'm buying
          you out.


          You can't do that.


          Actually, according to page 4 of
          our contract, I can.




          In the next 48 hours?


          Why postpone joy?
          She hands him a CASHIER'S CHECK. Vince stares at it.


          What the hell is this?


          I realize it's been a while since
          you've seen one, but it's called a
          check.
          He stares at it, stunned.Then at her.


          Where'd you get this?


          Not your business anymore. And
          neither is the lounge.


          I'm sure you know where the door
          is. It used to be half yours.
          
          And take HER with you.
          Tess turns and goes over to the bar, where Ali spins around
          on her barstool, having heard the whole thing.


          How'd that feel?


          Not half bad.

                         

                         

                         

                         


          Tess parks it next to her. Looks at Ali. Smiles, then breaks
          into a giggle. Ali smiles. Tess laughs even harder, tears in
          her eyes now. They are just two girls laughing hysterically
          at the bar, Tess keeps trying to say something, but can't get
          it out, until she looks Ali square in the eye...


          It felt pretty God damn awesome!
          And they crack up again. Then...


          And to think, you didn't even want
          me around.


          Oh, Jesus, here it comes.


          .What was it you said to me that
          first night? "Twenty bucks at the
          door will make all your dreams come
          true." That was sweet of you.


          Are you finished?


          
          Kinda ironic, when you think about
          it. I started off begging you to
          make my dreams come true, and here
          we are --


          All right already! You want me to
          say it, I'll say it.
          She looks at her.


          This place is the love of my life.
          The only dream I've ever had. I
          don't know what I would have done
          if I had lost it.


          Thank you.
          A moment between them... as Tess SPOTS NIKKI ENTER the club
          carrying her dance bag--a little fresher than we've seen her
          before, and sober. Nikki looks over at Tess... then
          approaches. Ali turns away on her bar stool, respectfully.

                         

                         

                         

                         






          I crossed the line.
          Tess crosses her arms, and with a smirk on her face--


          Again.


          Again, and I wanna come home--






           Yes, again! Did you fill my spot or
           what...?


           What do you think?
          Tess and Nikki share a look.


           Curtain's up in 20. Shake a leg.
           Nikki smiles, hikes her dance bag over her shoulder and heads


          Ali looks at Tess quizzically--


          Just like that?


          If I had a dollar for every time
          she's quit...


          Really?


          We all fight. Bitch. Love and hate.
          And then make up. Just like
          sisters.


          I never had a sister.


          Me neither. THANK GOD.





                         

                         

                         

                         




          Now get your cute little ass and
          big ole' voice up on stage, cause
          this is Burlesque, baby girl, where
          the women are always on top, and
          the men like it that way. Like I've
          always said --


          You can't keep a good girl down.


          Ali walks into the dressing room. Sits down in front of her
          mirror. Across the room, Nikki is sitting at hers. Ali looks
          at Nikki in the reflection of her mirror. Their eyes meet.
          Then Nikki nods. And Ali nods back. For the first time, a
          mutual respect.
          All the other girls begin to pour into the dressing room.
          Chatting, gossiping, changing their clothes. The legs, boobs,
          fishnets, etc. Things back the way there were, and the way
          they'll always be.
          ON ALI. She looks at herself in the mirror. Picks up the make-
          up brush Tess gave her. Dips it in water. Then applies a line
          on her eye expertly. She smiles to herself. MUSIC UP: A heavy
          bass drumlin beat which takes us to...



          A SPOTLIGHT. MOVING down the smoke-filled shaft of light as--
          A FIGURE RISES into view at the back of the stage. Over the
          contemporary BEAT, we HEAR a beautiful classic opera
           REVEAL...it's NIKKI! She sings a line or two in an
          amazing operatic voice that totally blows us away. Then ...a
          DANCE BEAT KICKS IN as COCO comes into view, and sings
          another line. Then Jessie. Then Scarlett. And FINALLY...
          Ali RISES into view, wearing a diamond studded Gaultier-type
          harness top and sequined hot-pants. This song 
          is a contemporary dance song about BURLESQUE with a vintage
          feel to it. Nikki and the Burlesque Girls, in similar
          costumes, back Ali as she SINGS her big finale. CAMERA MOVES
          through the packed house as we SEE Georgia, Sean, Mark (the
          DJ) and Tess, who double-takes at MR. ANDERSON (the
          Businessman) who sees her and smiles.
          ON STAGE, ALI and the entire company explode in a surreal
          whirl of dancing. Turning. Kicking. Arched backs. Legs
          overhead. Rhinestones. Garters. Fishnets. The entire company,
          band and bartenders join in an all out BOLLYWOOD FINALE.

                         


          CAMERA MOVES INTO THE CLUB as music CROSSFADES with the
          SOUNDS of people TALKING. Glasses CLINKING. All the
          background sounds of a busy nightclub. A LOUD DRUM ROLL takes
          us to...
          A LOW CAMERA moving across a black stage as we MOVE IN ON the
          footlights which become a MILLION BRILLIANT LIGHTS blasting
          into camera, blinding us until they form letters reading:







