






                                        Written by

                                      Dan Futterman



                 Based on the book "Capote: A Biography" by Gerald Clarke



               TITLE UP:         "Western Kansas, 1959"



               The CAMERA follows a SIXTEEN YEAR OLD GIRL, long hair, pretty 
               Sunday church dress, walking toward a peaceful farmhouse. At 
               the door she lifts the knocker. The door opens slightly. The 
               girl turns and looks past the camera at her MOTHER, sitting 
               in an old Plymouth idling in the driveway. Her mother shrugs, 
               motions for her to go inside.



               The girl walks through the downstairs rooms. In the kitchen, 
               the PHONE is OFF the hook. The girl looks back toward the 
               open front door. She turns toward the stairs, climbs them.



               She walks down the hall to a BEDROOM DOOR at the end. The 
               door is slightly ajar. She knocks, then enters the room.



               The girl's POV: the CAMERA pans across the bedroom of a high 
               school coed. We see the desk, the bureau, the bed. On the 
               bed lies NANCY CLUTTER, her wrists and legs bound in rope, 
               SHOT in the head. There is blood on the wall. The sixteen 
               year-old girl stands immobile. Before she starts to scream,





               Trees ring the edge of a field.





               Buildings lit against the night sky.



               Camera follows group of partygoers as they mount the stairs: 
               Truman Capote, Barbara , Rose, Christopher, 
               Williams.



               The friends are standing in the crowded kitchen -- people 
               are coming in and out -- talking and drinking and laughing.


                         So Jimmy Baldwin tells me the plot 
                         of his book, and he says to me: the 
                         writing's going well, but I just 
                         want to make sure it's not one of 
                         those problem novels. I said: Jimmy, 
                         your novel's about a Negro homosexual 
                         who's in love with a Jew -- wouldn't 
                         you call that a problem?

               Laughter.


                         Susan's father had a minor heart 
                         attack, so she's writing more erotic 
                         poems about death and sex.


                         It's so tiresome.


                         Hmm. What rhymes with angina?

               Laughter. We see Truman watching everyone laugh. GRAYSON 
               notices, leans in to him. As the rest of the group continues 
               talking, we come closer, hear their conversation.


                         How's your writing?


                         Oh, I've got a million ideas of what 
                         to write next -- I just have to choose 
                         one.


                         Really?


                         No.

               Their attention is pulled back into the group as:


                         Who would I want to play me? Natalie 
                         Wood.


                         Too fat.


                         Audrey Hepburn?


                         Not bad. Sort of middle-class.


                         When a movie is made of my life I 
                         know exactly who I want as me...
                              
                         Marilyn Monroe.

               Barbara cracks up, chokes on her drink.



               Truman sits with his coffee, reading the New York Times. An 
               article catches his eye. He sits up straight, folds the paper 
               over, reads it.



               C/U of article being snipped out of PAGE 39 of the Times, 
               November 16, 1959. As the page gets turned around with each 
               snip, we see a small PHOTO of a middle-aged man wearing 
               glasses, with the caption: "FOUND DEAD: Herbert W. Clutter, 
               a wealthy Kansas farmer..." We read the headline: "WEALTHY 
               FARMER, 3 OF FAMILY SLAIN. Parts of the story: "HOLCOMB, 
               Kan., Nov. 15  -- ...wheat farmer, his wife... two young 
               children found shot today..."



               Truman on the phone.


                         New Yorker magazine.


                         William Shawn, please.
                              
                         Adorable one? All of a sudden I know 
                         what article I'm going to write for 
                         you next.



               Truman on the phone, on a long cord, travels between the 
               study and the kitchen as he talks to William Shawn. We hear 
               pieces of the conversation, and see Truman in different parts 
               of the room as he says each bit.


                         ...never had anything like this happen 
                         to them before. They're used to 
                         sleeping at night with the doors 
                         unlatched....
                              
                         Yes, we should buy stock in Master 
                         Locks -- all of Kansas will be in 
                         the hardware store tomorrow.

               Jump to -


                         They have no idea who the killer is. 
                         But it doesn't matter who the killer 
                         is -- what matters is who the 
                         townspeople imagine the killer is. 
                         That's what I want to write about.

               Jump to -


                         I'm gonna need some help... I'm 
                         thinking about Nelle -- she can 
                         protect me...

               JACK DUNPHY (strong, Irish-American, ten years older than 
               Truman) -- his longtime boyfriend -- enters the front door 
               with a bag of groceries, stops in the hall. He sees Truman 
               on the phone. Truman looks at Jack, though he's still speaking 
               to Shawn --


                         I want to leave tonight...





               A train barrels toward us, its headlight bright. The train 
               roars past, away from the city.



               Truman hurries through the train, checking his ticket with 
               the sleeper cabins. His long SCARF trails behind. His longer 
               cashmere COAT practically brushes the floor.



               Truman opens the door. Inside the cabin his childhood friend 
               from Monroeville, Alabama, NELLE HARPER LEE (yes, that Harper 
               Lee), is reading. She looks up, deadpan --


                         I figured you'd missed it.

               Nelle is a year younger than Truman, dowdy in dress, but 
               smart, tough, sensible. Truman smiles.


                         God I'm glad you agreed to come. 
                         You're the only one I know with the 
                         qualifications to be both a research 
                         assistant and personal bodyguard.
                              
                         Oh, Nelle, you poor thing.

               He tries to spruce up her limp silk scarf.


                         Off. Truman. Off.
                              
                         I'm happy to see you too, but I can 
                         still whip your behind.

               TWO BLACK PORTERS enter, one with an enormous TRUNK 
               .


                              
                         Mr. Truman Capote, Miss Nelle Harper 
                         Lee. Where would you like these, 
                         sir?


                         That one up there and that one on 
                         the floor.

               He tips them.


                         What all did you bring?


                         Thank you greatly, sir. It's an honor 
                         to have you with us. If you don't 
                         mind my saying, your last book was 
                         even better than the first --


                         You're sweet.


                         Just when you think they've gotten 
                         as good as they can get.


                         Thank you. You're very kind.


                              
                         Ma'am.

               The PORTERS leave. Nelle is stunned. Truman fiddles with the 
               trunk locks, his back to Nelle. Silence, then:


                         You're pathetic.

               Truman doesn't answer.


                         You're pathetic.


                         What?


                         You paid them to say that.

               Truman won't look at her. She whacks him.


                         You paid them to say that!


                              
                         How'd you know? How did you know?!


                         "Just when you think they've gotten 
                         as good as they can get."


                         You think that was too much?
                              
                         I thought that was a good line.

               More laughter. More smacking of Truman. Then it is quiet.


                         Pathetic.



               Nelle's awake, but still in her bunk, looking out the window 
               at the Kansas plains. Truman's dressing, watching her.





               TRAVELING SHOTS of harvested FIELDS, grazing LIVESTOCK, 
               solitary FARMHOUSES.

               The TRAIN chugs across the Kansas flatlands.

               SHOTS of SIGNS outside Garden City: "World's Largest Free 
               Swimpool" and "Howdy, Stranger! Welcome to Garden City. A 
               Friendly Place. "



               Truman and Nelle rent a car. People stare.



               Nelle drives past the main square, Truman in the passenger 
               seat. Truman looks at a photo in THE GARDEN CITY TELEGRAM.


                         Alvin Dewey, Kansas Bureau of 
                         Investigation. KBI.



               Truman and Nelle check in. People stare. Nelle notices.



               Truman and Nelle trot up the COURTHOUSE STEPS.



               Truman approaches the GUARD DESK.


                         Mr. Alvin Dewey, please.


                         Third floor. In what used to be the 
                         Sheriff's Office.

               Truman CURTSIES.



               In the reception area, ALVIN DEWEY and the two other KBI 
               AGENTS assigned to the Clutter case are getting their jackets 
               on and straightening their ties. They've completely taken 
               over the office. They are: HAROLD "Brother" NYE ; and 
               ROY "Curly CHURCH . They all smoke.

               Sheriff WALTER SANDERSON -- 60's, kind, overweight -- is 
               office-less (though he and his wife DOROTHY still live on 
               the fourth floor of the Courthouse.) WALTER lurks in the 
               background, nowhere to go, emptying one of many FILLED 
               ASHTRAYS, BOTHERED by the SMOKE. Truman and Nelle enter as:


                         The wife said no more smoking in the 
                         house. I told her, "Fine. Walter's 
                         got a couch upstairs in his apartment. 
                         I'll stay with him and Dorothy till 
                         we're done here."
                              
                         I've got my bag and a carton of 
                         cigarettes in the car.

               WALTER looks uncomfortable. Dewey shakes his head at Church.


                         Roy.


                         Mr. Dewey. Truman Capote from the 
                         New Yorker.

               Silence. The Agents stare at him.


                         Hello.

               Silence. Nye is looking at Truman, particularly puzzled.


                         Bergdorf's.


                         Sorry?


                         The scarf.


                         Oh.
                              
                         Nice.


                         Thank you.
                              
                         I wonder when we could arrange an 
                         interview? Some time to talk.

               Dewey stubs out his cigarette.


                         About what?


                         We're not looking for any inside 
                         information -- I don't care one way 
                         or another if you catch whoever did 
                         this -- I'm writing an article not 
                         about the Clutter killings, but how 
                         they're affecting the town, how you 
                         all are bearing up --


                         I care.


                         Excuse me?


                         I care.
                              (puts on his hat, 
                              pulls out another 
                              cigarette)
                         I care a great deal if we catch 
                         whoever did this.


                         Yes --


                         As do a lot of folks around here.


                         Of course.

               Dewey walks out. Nye and Church start out after him.


                              
                         New Yorker?


                         You have press credentials?


                         What's the New Yorker?


                         Magazine.


                         Magazines don't give out --


                         You can come to the news conference 
                         with the rest of them.
                              
                         Sears and Roebuck.

               Nelle and Truman are left alone.



               Packed with PRESS from all over the Midwest, as well as local 
               Finney County CITIZENS.

               Dewey's leading the press conference from a FOLDING TABLE 
               set up in front of the Judge's bench, flanked by the two 
               other KBI Agents. He's got a cigarette burning in an ashtray. 
               Truman and Nelle stand in the back.


                         I'll talk facts but I won't speculate. 
                         The main fact here we need to be 
                         clear on is not one, but four people 
                         were killed. A lot of folks say Herb 
                         Clutter had to be the main target 
                         because he was dealt with the most 
                         brutally --


                         Had his throat cut.


                              
                         Yes. We'd all like to know why. But 
                         it could've been any one of the family 
                         they were after. We just don't know --


                         You've identified the murder weapon?


                         Wounds indicate a shotgun, close-
                         range, but no casings were found.


                         Twelve-gauge, hunting --


                         Right.


                         They were all shot in the face?

               Dewey looks at the journalist. Then, evenly:


                         No. Nancy in the back of the head.


                         Is there any evidence of, I'm sorry, 
                         sexual molestation of the women?


                         No.


                         Anything else stolen?


                         Kenyon's radio seems to be the only...


                         The boy was sixteen?


                         Fifteen. Nancy was sixteen.


                         It's her friend that found them?


                         Laura Kinney.


                         Spell that?


                         I assume you're okay with the Laura 
                         part. K-I-N-N-E-Y. But, please, leave 
                         her be.

               Lots of folks try to talk at once, one OLD MAN makes himself 
               heard above the rest:


                         There's talk of a bunch of Mexicans, 
                         a whole bunch of Mexicans...


                              (standing, stubs out 
                              cigarette)
                         George, it's good to see you again. 
                         I do have an opinion whether this 
                         was the work of one man or a whole 
                         bunch, as you said, but it doesn't 
                         matter a whole lot whether it was 
                         Mexicans or Methodists or Eskimos. 
                         We're going to find whoever did this. 
                         Four good people from our community 
                         are dead. Let's remember that. Okay 
                         with you?
                              
                         The West Kansas Farm Committee's 
                         offering a thousand dollar reward 
                         for information leading to an arrest. 
                         Please print that.
                              
                         Thank you all for coming.

               The room is immediately noisy as Dewey makes his way to the 
               door, pulling a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, followed 
               by Church and Nye. He's about to step out when Truman catches 
               his eye. Dewey exits.





               Nelle drives while consulting a MAP. Truman is leaning back, 
               looking out at the passing farms through the window. He speaks 
               almost to himself.


                         Mr. Dewey's protective of the 
                         Clutters. I wonder how well he knew 
                         them...

               Nelle glances over at him. He doesn't notice.


                         He was foxy with that old man.
                              
                         Are you ever gonna let me drive?


                         Truman, you're a menace. You can 
                         barely see over the wheel.

               Truman looks back out the window at the farms, leans back.


                         This make you miss Alabama?


                              (rolling window down, 
                              shakes his head)
                         Not even a little bit.

               He leans his head out, closes his eyes.



               Nelle pulls their car to the side of the COUNTY ROAD which 
               fronts the CLUTTER FARM. We recognize the FARMHOUSE as the 
               one in which Nancy Clutter was found dead. A HIGHWAY PATROLMAN 
                sits in a CRUISER parked up the driveway.

               CRIME SCENE TAPE marks the perimeter of the property. Truman 
               and Nelle get out of their car, stand at the foot of the 
               driveway, gazing at the lonely farmhouse.





               A gorgeous fall day. Crowds of kids arriving at school. Many 
               are SOMBER. As Truman and Nelle walk toward the kids, some 
               look warily at Truman and give him a wide berth.


                         Hello.

               Kids back away. Nelle notices. She leaves Truman, walks up 
               to a group of THREE GIRLS.


                         Morning.


                         Hi.


                         Can any of you tell me where I'd 
                         find Laura Kinney?


                         Oh, um...

               The girl glances toward the school entrance where LAURA KINNEY 
                walks with DANNY BURKE (tall, 



                              
                         Is that her? With the tall boy?


                         Yeah. With Danny Burke.


                         Danny Burke?
                              
                         Thank you.

               As Nelle leaves, Girl #1 turns to her friend:


                         Oh, quiet yourself, Janice.

               Nelle sees Truman on his way toward Laura, calls out --


                         Truman. Truman --

               Truman doesn't hear. She watches Truman approach them. Laura 
               backs away. Danny leads her off. Nelle walks over to Truman, 
               looks at him for several moments.


                         These folks live their lives in a 
                         particular way. You need to consider 
                         adapting yourself to that fact.


                         What --


                         -- I'm gonna find out where those 
                         two kids live. Maybe you'll let me 
                         do that alone?

               Nelle leaves. On Truman, as the bell rings and the mass of 
               teenagers starts to enter the school.





               Truman walks alone, sees the Gilbart Funeral Home. He removes 
               his hat, slips past the few people standing outside.



               Warm but slightly tacky. Some people are engaged in hushed 
               conversation at the reception area. Truman slips past, into 
               the back room.



               No people, low light. Four CLOSED CASKETS at the back of the 
               room. Truman walks over slowly. After a moment, he checks to 
               make sure he's alone. Then he LIFTS THE TOP of one of the 
               caskets. It's Bonnie Clutter's body, in a long-sleaved navy-
               blue dress; but her head is wrapped in layers and layers of 
               white cotton gauze, and lacquered with a shiny substance -- 
               like an enormous cocoon. Truman stares.





               Truman on the PHONE to Jack in Brooklyn. One of Truman's 
               trunks is open, displaying bottles of liquor, packaged and 
               tinned gourmet food, and stacks of unused yellow legal pads. 
               He drinks, standing at the window.


                         I think I scared a friend of yours 
                         this morning. He came looking for 
                         you while I was writing.


                         You hate my friends.


                         I wouldn't say hate. So long as they 
                         don't knock on my door.


                         I saw the bodies today.


                         Which?


                         The Clutters. I looked inside the 
                         coffins.


                         That's horrifying.


                         It comforts me -- something so 
                         horrifying it's freeing. It's a 
                         relief. Normal life falls away.
                              
                         But, then, I was never much for normal 
                         life --


                         No, you weren't.


                         People here won't talk to me. They 
                         want someone like you, like Nelle. 
                         Me they hate.


                         I can't think of a single quality I 
                         share with Nelle.


                         Well --


                         Maybe manliness.


                         My point exactly.


                         It's why I left the Midwest in the 
                         first place. I knew I could only 
                         find someone like you in New York 
                         City.

               On Truman, gazing at the EMPTY TOWN SQUARE below.





               A SHOPKEEPER sweeps the sidewalk. There are THANKSGIVING 
               DECORATIONS in his shop window.

               A SCHOOL BUS picks up a SMALL BOY at the intersection of a 
               DIRT ROAD and the paved COUNTY ROAD.

               A SMALL BRIDGE over the Arkansas river. Below them, men are 
               sifting the riverbed with nets, moving slowly downstream.





               Nelle waits by the FRONT DESK. The ELEVATOR DOORS open and 
               Truman emerges. He is DRESSED SOBERLY -- NO LONG SCARF, NO 
               LONG COAT. He walks toward Nelle, then TURNS as if he's a 
               runway model, walks away, turns again and walks back. He 
               stops a few feet in front of her. Nelle refuses to smile.


                         Let's go.





               Danny Burke walks down the road with a bookbag over his 
               shoulder. Nelle approaches him, Truman keeps his distance.


                         Danny?
                              
                         Would you mind terribly if I walked 
                         with you for a bit?

               He shrugs. They walk together.





               Laura opens door to Truman and Nelle.



               Nelle and Laura Kinney sit at the table. Truman stands at 
               the counter.


                         I thought you were from the FBI with 
                         your long coat.


                         Is that so?


                         That's why I ran off.


                         I've been getting a lot of that 
                         lately.

               Truman smiles. Laura smiles back, amused, a bit comforted.


                         It's fine talking to you all. 
                         Practically nobody around here wants 
                         to talk since what happened.


                         Folks have been through a rough patch. 
                         Including you.
                              
                         Nancy was your best friend.


                         She was my best friend.

               They're quiet for a few moments.


                         How has Danny been?


                         Pretty shattered. Nothing terrible 
                         ever happened to him before. Nancy 
                         just started wearing his ring again 
                         after this huge fight -- Mr. Clutter 
                         was trying to get her to end it 'cause 
                         Danny's Catholic.


                         What were the Clutters?


                         Methodist. Danny was the last person 
                         at the house that night. That's why 
                         Mr. Dewey's keeps interviewing him -- 
                         they don't think he had anything to 
                         do with it -- just to see if he 
                         remembers anything unusual and all.


                         People in town seem to wonder if he 
                         was involved.


                         That's been real hard for Danny.


                         Oh, it's the hardest -- when people 
                         have a notion about you and it's 
                         impossible to convince them otherwise. 
                         Since I was a child folks have thought 
                         they had me pegged because of the 
                         way I look and the way I talk. They're 
                         always wrong.
                              
                         Do you know what I mean?

               Laura stares at him and nods. He's clearly struck a chord.


                         I want to show you something.

               She goes in the door to the GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT. They see 
               her through the LACE CURTAINS getting something from her 
               DESK, which is stacked with books. Truman whispers to Nelle:


                         Not one person here understands her.

               Laura returns. She hugs a SMALL BOOK to her chest. After a 
               moment, she holds it out to them.


                         Maybe you'll get a better picture of 
                         Nancy. And the family.


                         What is this?


                         It's her diary.





               Nelle and Truman walk quickly back to the hotel. Nelle has 
               the diary open.


                         "Danny here tonight and we watched 
                         TV. So nice just having him sit with 
                         us. Left at eleven. P.S. -- He's the 
                         only one I really love."

               She turns the page. The rest of the book is blank.


                         And that was that.


                         The end of a life.





               Nelle typing. Truman is propped up on pillows on the bed, 
               scrunching his eyes to remember what was said that afternoon, 
               then writing quickly on one of many YELLOW LEGAL PADS, handing 
               the pages of interview dialogue to Nelle. He's exhausted. 
               Nelle stops typing a moment, looks through the pages Truman 
               has handed her:


                         "Shattered."


                         "Pretty shattered. Nothing terrible 
                         ever happened to him before. "

               He pushes some pillows aside and lies down.


                         I have 94 percent recall of all 
                         conversations.


                         94 percent.


                         I've tested myself.


                              (scans some of what 
                              he's written)
                         I hate that you're better than me at 
                         this.

               She turns back to the typewriter. She types. Truman lies 
               there, looking at the ceiling for a few moments. He closes 
               his eyes. Nelle knows without looking --


                         Don't you dare close your eyes on my 
                         bed.

               No answer. She keeps typing.


                         Stand up and walk out that door. Go 
                         to your room if you're gonna sleep. 
                         Truman. Truman.

               Nelle turns to look at him. He's asleep. She goes back to 
               typing. Under her breath:


                         Crap.





               Truman drinks coffee alone, sleepy. He takes a SMALL BOTTLE 
               of HOT-PEPPER TABASCO from his jacket pocket and shakes it 
               over his EGGS. He replaces the bottle in his jacket. Nelle 
               walks into the lobby from upstairs, heads for Truman.


                         What right do you have being tired? 
                         You were snoring blissfully --


                         I don't snore --


                         -- while I lay there, hating you --


                         You don't hate me.


                         Not much.
                              (She sits. Truman 
                              holds out a NOTE)
                         What?
                              
                         Marie Dewey?... We've got somewhere 
                         to go for Thanksgiving supper.


                         Apparently Detective Foxy's wife has 
                         a better opinion of me than Detective 
                         Foxy.





               Ding Dong. We see the FRONT DOOR open. Reveal MARIE DEWEY -- 
               pretty, 35, dressed primly -- and her two boys: ALVIN JR. 
               , lurking behind, curious. Marie smiles.


                         You came.

               Reverse onto Nelle... and Truman, dressed in a DARK SUIT, 
               hair neatly combed, like an Exeter schoolboy attending a 
               funeral. Nelle smiles.


                         Hi.

               Nelle nudges Truman, who hands over his gifts: a BOTTLE OF 
               J&amp;B, and a PACKAGE of GOURMET SPICED NUTS.


                              
                         Thank you for having us.


                              
                         Thank you.
                              
                         Get yourselves in here.
                              (turns and walks into 
                              the house)
                         Alvin! Get your pants on. They're 
                         here.

               On Nelle and Truman, surprised.



               A FOOTBALL GAME plays on the television. No one's watching. 
               We can HEAR Alvin on the phone in his study at the back of 
               the house.



               Truman and Marie at the stove. Nelle sits at the kitchen 
               table. Truman has his jacket off and an apron on, as does 
               Marie. They are peering into a POT OF BLACK-EYED PEAS. Marie 
               is shaking in drops of HOT PEPPER TABASCO.


                         More. More.


                         Alvin will hate this.


                         Yes, but we who know the truth will 
                         love it.


                              
                         I have to stop.
                              
                         I cannot believe you're from New 
                         Orleans. I miss it so much.


                         I only lived there for a short while 
                         but my Mama was born and bred.


                         You know something -- Alvin pretends 
                         he doesn't know who you are, but the 
                         minute you came to town he read your 
                         books. He had one of his men pick up 
                         "Breakfast at Tiffany's" in Kansas 
                         City 'cause it's banned from the 
                         library here.


                         What did Mr. Dewey think?


                         He liked it more than he's willing 
                         to admit.


                         How very foxy.

               Marie smiles at that word used to describe her husband.


                         Mama would've put in half the bottle 
                         by now.

               Beat.


                         Alright, one more shake.



               Alvin walks toward the kitchen. He smokes. He looks exhausted. 
               He hears SQUEALS of laughter.



               Alvin enters. They all stop laughing and look at him. nods 
               to Truman and Nelle.


                         Hello.


                         Hi.

               Silence. Marie sips her drink.


                         How you doing, foxy?

               She cracks up.



               The remains of dinner. The kids have left. The bottle of J&amp;B 
               sits on the table, half-empty. Marie's a bit drunk. Everyone's 
               PLATE is clean except for Alvin's, on which sits a MOUND of 
               uneaten black-eyed peas. Truman is mid-story.


                         I was writing the script as they 
                         were filming, all that time in Italy. 
                         I'd work like mad all day long and 
                         then dash down to the bar around 
                         midnight to hand in the next day's 
                         scenes. Humphrey had just about moved 
                         into the hotel bar --


                              
                         Humphrey Bogart.

               Alvin knows.


                         -- where he and John drank every 
                         night --


                              
                         John Huston.

               Alvin knows.


                         -- and I mean drank, like famished 
                         water buffaloes. Well -- I'd only 
                         just handed them the final scene 
                         when the bellhop told me I had a 
                         phone call. It was my stepfather, 
                         Joe Capote, calling to say that my 
                         mother had died. I flew home to New 
                         York -- terribly distraught -- but 
                         when I got to the apartment I could 
                         see that Joe was in even worse shape 
                         than I was. He grabbed my hands and 
                         sat me down at the kitchen table, 
                         and he said to me, "Talk. Talk about 
                         anything, any subject in the world. 
                         Don't worry whether it will interest 
                         me or not. Just talk so I won't break 
                         down." And I did. He couldn't bear 
                         to be alone with his thoughts. It 
                         was too painful.

               It's quiet for a moment, then Marie looks at Alvin.


                         It's been a hard couple weeks for 
                         Alvin. He and Herb Clutter were good 
                         friends. From church.


                         Marie --


                         Oh come on, Alvin. These are good 
                         people.

               Finally, Dewey looks at Truman and Nelle.



               Alvin shows Truman and Nelle the CRIME SCENE PHOTOS from the 
               Clutter murders. We see the four corpses, BOUND and SHOT, 
               the bloody footprints in the Clutter basement. Truman and 
               Nelle stare at the photos of Nancy and Kenyon. Then, quietly --


                         Who would put a pillow under the 
                         boy's head just to shoot him? Why 
                         would they tuck Nancy in?


                              (surprised by the 
                              insight)
                         I want to know the same thing.

               Truman hands Nelle one of the photos. She looks at it --


                         Twisted notion of tenderness.





               Truman and Nelle are leaving. Alvin and Marie stand in the 
               front door. Nelle kisses Marie.


                         Thank you.


                         So many of my friends would love to 
                         meet you.


                         That'd be fine --


                              
                         You don't have to worry. I'm not 
                         going to write about this until 
                         everything's over.


                         I'm not worried. I know what room 
                         you're in at the hotel. And I know 
                         where you live in Brooklyn.

               Truman smiles.





               MUSIC: "Have yourself a Merry Little Christmas..." Main 
               Street, CHRISTMAS LIGHTS in the TREES.

               The HARDWARE STORE, with Santa Claus DECORATIONS in the window 
               and a "ONE WEEK LEFT TO BUY YOUR GIFTS..." sign.





               Truman and Nelle walk with PETE HOLT  on the 
               Clutter property. Apples rot on the ground, the trees are 
               bare, signs of disrepair are beginning to weather the house.


                              
                         I'd of picked them up but I haven't 
                         been myself. Mind you, I make the 
                         walk out here every day, check the 
                         house, make sure the pipes don't 
                         freeze -- that sort of item. The 
                         least I can do for Mr. Clutter.


                         How long have you worked here?


                         1940 -- a lotta years. The wife too, 
                         cleaning the house. Cooking.


                         Well, she's marvelous. Lunch was 
                         wonderful.


                              
                         She had a hard job after what all 
                         happened. Cleaning. I burned most of 
                         the rest -- mattresses -- too far of 
                         a mess.
                              
                         I've asked around some -- if anyone's 
                         looking for a strong hand.

               They don't know what to say. Finally, he looks away.


                         I don't think they'll be able to 
                         sell the place till they catch the 
                         ones that did it.
                              
                         That's what I hear anyhow.

               Silence as the three of them look out over the barren fields.



               Just the bed-frame -- the mattress is gone. Truman and Nelle 
               find her Bible on the bedside table, her bookmark, see the 
               painting of Jesus walking on water. Pete Holt stands off to 
               the side, waiting patiently.





               Through the front window we see a Christmas tree in the lobby.



               Jazzy Christmas music on the RADIO. Nelle sits in the big 
               armchair with a drink. She laughs. We HEAR Jack on the phone:


                         You're celebrating.

               We see Truman wearing a YELLOW SILK SHORT ROBE with white 
               lace, bare legs. He's on the phone and walking, for Nelle's 
               enjoyment, back and forth, like a runway model.


                         Remember Nelle's manuscript she sent 
                         me in New York?


                         Mockingbird. Killing a Mockingbird. 
                         You said it was good.


                         And I was right. She just heard 
                         Lipincott wants to publish it.


                              
                         Well. Jesus. That's terrific. Tell 
                         her congratulations.


                         Congratulations.
                              (covers phone, mouths 
                              to Nelle:)
                         Jealous.


                         Just promise you'll be home by 
                         Christmas.


                         I can't leave now Jack -- I mean it 
                         was hard at first, but now I'm 
                         practically the mayor.

               He vamps. Nelle laughs.


                         Alright.


                         I want to come home -- I do. Though 
                         if they catch whoever did this, who 
                         knows what -- I'll probably be here 
                         til next Christmas.


                         Right. I'll let you go.


                         Jack, we'll go away this spring to 
                         write. Maybe Spain...


                         Alright, Truman.


                         Bye.
                              
                         The poor boy misses me.

               Goes to the mini-bar to fix a drink.


                         Truman.


                         Nelle.


                         You remember when we were kids?


                         I was never a kid. I was born fully 
                         formed.


                         I had no idea what a homosexual was. 
                         But I knew whatever they were, you 
                         were one of 'em.

               Truman puts down his drink and marches out of the room, shuts 
               the door. Nelle's unsure whether she really insulted him. 
               From the HALL, we hear a WOMAN SHRIEK, and a MAN saying:


                         Oh. Uh. Oh. Excuse us.

               Truman runs back in, shuts door. They crack up.





               Tasteful Christmas lights strung on the BUSHES. A WREATH on 
               the FRONT DOOR.



               Truman, Nelle, Marie and Alvin. Drinks. A FULL ASHTRAY on 
               the coffee table in front of Alvin. He's distracted, smoking. 
               Marie holds a WOMEN'S MAGAZINE, checking what Truman says 
               with what's written there.


                              (quickly, as if 
                              reciting)
                         -- girdle up -- no extra bulges -- 
                         if you're dressed right for him when 
                         he gets home, the evening should be 
                         smooth sailing. Bon voyage, gals.


                         I can't believe you got this whole 
                         page -- I only read it to you once!


                 I've trained myself.


                                               ...trained myself.

               Truman looks at Nelle.


                 I have 94 percent 
                 recall.


                                               ...94 percent recall.


                              
                         You cut that out.

               Alvin stubs out his cigarette -- though it still burns. He 
               stands.


                         You believe that Alvin?


                         Impressive.

               He walks out. Silence.


                         I'm sorry. He's upset.
                              
                         -- smoking three packs a day.
                              
                         Two men did it. They know who. One 
                         of them used to have a cellmate who 
                         gave him up for the thousand dollar 
                         reward. They passed through Kansas 
                         City last week writing bad checks -- 
                         by the time Alvin's boys got up there 
                         they'd skipped out again.


                         Where to?


                         They have no idea.



               Christmas dinner. Truman, Nelle, Marie and Alvin have just 
               sat down. They wait for the Dewey boys -- Alvin Jr. and Paul. 
               We hear them in the living room horsing around.


                         Alvin. Paul. Now.

               It's quiet for a second. Then something crashes and breaks.


                         Damnit.
                              
                         Come here.


                         Alvin ...

               Phone RINGS.


                         Alvin Jr. Get over here.


                         Dad, the phone.


                         Paul. Back to the table.

               Dewey returns to the dining room, pushing Paul ahead of him.


                         Sit.

               Alvin Jr. enters.


                         Dad?


                         Tell them we're at dinner, Alvin.


                         Dad?


                         Not now, Alvin.

               Alvin Jr. leaves. We hear the PHONE being HUNG UP. Alvin Jr. 
               returns and sits. They all get ready to say grace, then:


                         You need to call the Chief of Police 
                         in Las Vegas when you have a minute.

               Everyone looks at Dewey.





               OVER BLACK SCREEN we hear the voice of a RADIO ANNOUNCER.


                         ...This is KERG radio, Garden City. 
                         A friendly broadcast from a friendly 
                         place. Our lead story:

               Slowly, the sounds of a CROWD emerge in the background.

               FADE UP ON: HIGH SCHOOL kids sitting on the hood and front 
               seat of a CHEW parked at the edge of a CROWD of 200 people. 
               Truman watches. It is COLD. A fat, shivering CO-ED reads the 
               headline in the Kansas City Star: "Police Fear Lynch Mob." 
               The CAR RADIO is on.


                         ...newsmen from six states have joined 
                         scores of Kansans as they await the 
                         arrival of confessed killers Perry 
                         Smith and Richard Hickock. KBI 
                         officers have been driving the Clutter 
                         family's brutal killers nonstop 
                         from...

               Truman moves from the car into the large crowd. Old ladies; 
               ranchers; local businessmen; moms with kids; journalists 
               INTERVIEWING citizens; photographers lined up at the bottom 
               of the COURTHOUSE STEPS. We hear snippets of conversation as 
               we pass. A CITIZEN is being interviewed by a JOURNALIST; a 
               MOM WITH BABY standing with a FRIEND; a MIDDLE-AGED man in 
               an overcoat CRYING silently.

               Truman approaches Nelle and Marie Dewey, standing together 
               at the curb in front of the courthouse, near the 
               photographers. They are talking quietly, turn to Truman --


                         Hey.

               We hear LOUD CROWD NOISE at the south end of the square. A 
               CONVOY of FOUR CARS enters the square. It pulls around to 
               the front of the courthouse. STATE TROOPERS spill out of the 
               lead and rear CARS. Nye gets out of the second car. He opens 
               the back door. The crowd falls SILENT. Two state troopers 
               get DICK HICKOCK -- handcuffed, pale -- out of the car and 
               lead him up the steps. FLASH. FLASH.

               Dewey and Church open the third car's back door. Silence. 
               They retrieve PERRY SMITH. Perry is extremely SHORT, STRONG, 
               ODDLY BEAUTIFUL, with the dark skin and hair of his American 
               Indian mother, and the pug features of his Irish father. As 
               he stands, he has trouble straightening his stubby LEGS, as 
               if they are arthritic. Truman stares.


                              
                         Motorcycle accident. He broke them 
                         and they never healed right.
                              
                         Alvin told me.

               Truman watches Perry, transfixed. Perry seems terrified of 
               the crowd, all the faces, like a child. Perry scans the crowd. 
               His eyes fall on Truman. FLASH. FLASH. Truman and Perry look 
               at each other as Perry is led slowly past. At the top of the 
               steps the COURTHOUSE DOORS slam shut.






               FADE IN: Truman knocks on the door, a NEWSPAPER, a BOOK, and 
               a PAPER BAG in his hand. On the door it says "SHERIFF'S 
               RESIDENCE - PRIVATE". Dorothy Sanderson opens the door.


                         Truman Capote.


                         Dorothy Sanderson. I figured you'd 
                         be left alone this morning by that 
                         hard-working husband of yours.
                              
                         So I have breakfast.
                              
                         I have news.
                              
                         And I have literature. My friend 
                         Jack mailed me the book you wanted.

               He presents book. Dorothy, flattered, takes it, reads the 
               inscription inside.


                         "For the maiden of the Midwest, the 
                         priestess of the plains, the queen 
                         of the kitchen: my first novel. 
                         Truman."

               It is "Other Voices, Other Rooms" and we see on the back of 
               it the INFAMOUS JACKET PHOTO of Truman at 23 draped sexily 
               on a couch. Truman curtsies. The PHONE RINGS.


                         You're too much. Go on into the living 
                         room, lemme grab that -- it's been 
                         ringing all morning.



               Truman walks into the residence. To the left is the kitchen; 
               to the right is the living room. Truman looks back at Dorothy -- 
               she's still on the phone. He heads for the kitchen.



               Truman walks slowly through the doorway of the large kitchen. 
               On the far side of the kitchen is a JAIL CELL. Inside the 
               cell is PERRY SMITH. 

               Truman STARES. Perry doesn't see him -- he's resting his 
               head on a small table, the tip of his THUMB in his mouth. 
               The chair seems too tall for Perry. He looks like a lonely 
               kindergartner, told to take his afternoon nap. After several 
               moments, Dorothy enters, flustered:


                         Oh. Truman. I meant in there.
                              (points to living 
                              room)
                         I... um...

               Perry sits up quickly, rubs his legs.


                         It's the women's cell. It's hardly 
                         ever used. But they wanted to, um, 
                         separate... Please. Let's sit in the 
                         living room. I'll set up in the living 
                         room.

               She gathers a tray of Truman's PASTRIES, and COFFEE CUPS.


                         Come.

               She goes -- Truman starts to follow, then lingers.


                         They put you in the women's cell.


                         Among other indignities.

               Perry's voice is oddly high, whispery -- special words are 
               precisely enunciated.


                         Well... she's a good cook.


                         She's scared of me.


                         I think so am I. A little bit.


                         Are you?
                              
                         You have any aspirin? My legs --

               Dorothy's in the doorway.


                         Um. Truman? All set.

               Truman looks at Dorothy, looks back at Perry.


                         I'm sorry.





               Judge ROLAND TATE, white-haired, imperious, bangs his gavel. 
               The packed crowd quiets down. Perry and Dick sit at the 
               defense table chewing JUICY FRUIT GUM. Next to them: their 
               aged court-appointed lawyer, Franklin Weeks .

               Dick wears a SHIRT AND TIE. Perry wears jeans rolled up at 
               the cuff, his SHIRT OPEN at the collar. He draws on a piece 
               of paper with a STUBBY PENCIL -- a rather good picture of a 
               LARGE PARROT. Truman sits with Nelle, watching Perry --


                              
                         His feet don't touch the floor.


                         In the matter of the State of Kansas 
                         v. Richard Eugene Hickock and Perry 
                         Edward Smith this Court has been 
                         informed by counsel -- Mr. Weeks -- 
                         that defendants wish to waive their 
                         right to Preliminary Hearing. Mr. 
                         Hickock, is that your wish?

               Hickock looks at Weeks. Weeks nods. Hickock stands.


                              
                         Yessir. Yes.

               Hickock sits. Truman whispers to Nelle --


                         Why are they doing that?


                         Mr. Smith.


                              
                         I ask that the waiver be effectuated.

               Judge Tate looks at him for a moment --


                         So noted.
                              
                         We're adjourned.

               Crowd gets up. Much talk. Truman watches Perry and Dick 
               through the forest of bodies. They are led away in handcuffs. 
               Franklin Weeks stands slowly, then begins gathering his things -- 
               he's old and it takes him ages to collect his papers. Truman 
               watches.





               Truman knocks. He holds a PIE. Dorothy answers.


                         Mr. Capote.


                              
                         Madame Sanderson.


                         Is that for the two of us to share? 
                         Or for me to eat alone while you 
                         talk to our guest?

               Truman is caught. He smiles.



               Truman sits near the bars of the cell. Perry draws on a scrap 
               of paper at the small table. Dorothy watches from the door 
               to the living room. The BOOK Truman gave to Dorothy lies on 
               the floor next to Perry's meticulously made bed.


                         Was it your choice to waive the 
                         hearing?

               Perry doesn't answer. Dorothy checks her watch, leaves. Truman 
               takes a bottle of BAYER ASPIRIN out of his pocket.


                         You still need some?
                              
                         Give me your hand.

               Perry extends his hand through the bars. As Truman shakes 
               some aspirin into it --


                         I could kill you if you got too close.

               Perry puts the aspirin in his mouth, CHEWS THEM, holds out 
               his hand for more. Truman gives him more, which Perry puts 
               in his pocket for later.


                         Would you like some water?

               Perry shakes his head. Silence.


                         Mrs. Sanderson lent you my book --


                         He said we'd curry favor with the 
                         Judge if we waived our rights.


                         Who did?


                         The lawyer.


                         Okay.

               Truman nods, not wanting to push this any further. Perry 
               picks up the book, holds it out through the bars.


                         Your picture's undignified. People 
                         recall first impressions.


                         What's been your first impression?


                         You want something.


                         From you?

               Dorothy pokes her head in from the living room.


                         Truman. Walter's gonna be home soon.


                              
                         I just want permission to talk.
                              
                         Has anyone else visited?

               Perry doesn't answer.


                         Truman --


                         Will you tell me if you need anything? 
                         I can have whatever you want sent 
                         from New York.
                              
                         Will you do that?

               On Perry, considering whether to trust this man.





               Phone RINGS, WILLIAM SHAWN answers (50, New Yorker editor, 
               conservatively attired) at a desk looking onto 44th street.


                         William Shawn.


                         Gorgeous?


                         Truman.

               INTERCUT to Truman in a PHONE BOOTH outside the COURTHOUSE.




                         I'm writing a book. It's too much 
                         for a single article -- this town, 
                         the killers most of all -- you will 
                         be stunned by Perry Smith --


                         Why? What has he --


                         Not much yet, but I know. I can sense 
                         him. He's desperately lonely, 
                         frightened... I have questions -- 
                         are you ready?


                         Would it matter --


                         How much more money can you send me? 
                         How quickly can you get Dick Avedon 
                         out here to take some pictures?

               INTERCUT to WILLIAM SHAWN'S OFFICE. On Shawn -- he doesn't 
               know how to begin to respond.





               Perry has been placed in an adjoining cell for the afternoon. 
               He COMBS his greased hair in a mirror. A camera FLASHES.

               Nelle and Truman sit outside the cells. Franklin Weeks dozes 
               off to the side. RICHARD AVEDON -- small, dark, wiry, 
               flamboyant -- is snapping photos of a bare-chested Hickock 
               in the next cell, particularly his TATTOOS, while Hickock 
               chatters away.


                         Perry, honey. You look terrific...

               Perry is embarrassed, glances over at Truman. FLASH.


                         Calm yourself down, sweetheart.

               Perry glances at Nelle. She MOTIONS to him that his SHIRT is 
               buttoned wrong. Perry fixes it, looks back at her.

               Hickock notices Truman gazing at his tattoos -- the one on 
               his CHEST: the word PEACE, with a cross radiating rays of 
               light.


                         Be patient, Capote. Maybe later 
                         they'll send you my skin.


                         I have the perfect place for it, 
                         over the hearth.

               Hickock smiles. FLASH. Truman looks over at Perry, sitting 
               alone. Truman starts to remove his TIE.

               PHOTOS, in quick succession: Of Hickock pulling up his sleeve 
               to reveal his tattoos. Of Perry combing his HAIR. FLASH. The 
               GRINNING CAT on Hickock's hand. FLASH. Perry looking directly 
               at the camera. FLASH.





               Series of shots in and around the courthouse:

               TITLE UP:             "One month later"

               An officer approaches down a long hallway. A janitor cleans 
               the basin of the water fountain. Spectators are drawn into 
               the courthouse. The officer opens the courtroom doors. A 
               crescendo of sounds.



               Spectators take seats. The jury files back into the box. 
               Perry and Dick chew gum. Perry wears TRUMAN'S TIE, and draws 
               on a pad with a NEW SET OF COLORED PENCILS -- another PARROT, 
               quite beautiful, now YELLOW. Nelle and Truman sit together.


                         Where'd Perry get the art set?

               Truman shrugs. Nelle raises her eyebrows. Judge Tate GAVELS 
               loudly, looks to the jury.


                         Members of the jury. Have you reached 
                         a verdict?


                              
                         Yes sir.


                         Defendants rise.

               Perry and Dick stand. Judge Tate turns back to the Foreman.


                         Perry Edward Smith and Richard Eugene 
                         Hickock stand accused of four counts 
                         of the crime of murder in the first 
                         degree. Have you reached a unanimous 
                         verdict?


                         We have, your honor.


                         What is your verdict?


                         Guilty. On all counts.


                         Have you unanimously reached a 
                         sentence.


                         We have, your honor.


                         What is the sentence?


                         Death.

               Judge nods, the foreman sits. Judge turns to Perry and Dick.


                         Perry Edward Smith and Richard Eugene 
                         Hickock. You've been found guilty of 
                         four counts of murder in the first 
                         degree. You will be taken to the 
                         state penitentiary at Lansing. No 
                         later than midnight, May 13 of this 
                         year, nineteen hundred and sixty, 
                         each of you will be hanged by the 
                         neck until dead. So ordered.

               He GAVELS. Perry and Dick are set upon by Sheriff's Deputies 
               and led out. Photographers crowd them. Dick turns to Perry.


                         Alright, partner. Least now we're 
                         not the only killers in Kansas.

               Perry looks at him, utterly lost. FLASH.





               Nelle sits at the window, smoking. Truman in the armchair, 
               holding a drink. They've been up all night. Their bags are 
               packed. Also -- a few packed boxes of written -- in yellow 
               notepads and many typed pages. Truman glances at his watch.


                         You think he slept at all?

               Nelle looks over at him.


                         I need to see him before we go.





               Truman sits next to Perry's cell. Perry lies on the bed, 
               staring at the ceiling.


                         They're going to transfer you up to 
                         Lansing today. You'll have to make 
                         sure to put me on the visitor's list. 
                         Otherwise I can't see you.

               No response.


                         Will you do that? I'm going to help 
                         find you a proper lawyer. You need a 
                         serious lawyer for an appeal.
                              
                         They took Dick last night. I need 
                         you to get him to do the same thing -- 
                         put me on the visitor's list. Will 
                         you do that, Perry?

               Perry closes his eyes.


                         Perry.





               FADE UP ON the sounds of a HUGE PARTY in progress. We see a 
               home-made BANNER reading "Return to Civilization!" The CAMERA 
               follows NELLE as she walks through the crowd: Gays, straights, 
               smoke and noise. Society women, slender and beautiful; BEN 
               BARON pontificating to CHRISTOPHER ISHERWOOD.


                         Nelle. Kudos on "Kill the Bird." Is 
                         that it?


                         Close enough. Thanks.

               William Shawn talks to a MUCH TALLER WOMAN.


                         He hasn't written a word yet, though 
                         he says it's the nonfiction book of 
                         the decade...

               We HEAR Truman before we see him:


                         He's little, but terrifying --

               We see Truman in the corner entertaining a small group. Jack 
               Dunphy stands off to the side. Nelle settles next to Jack.


                         He's as short as I am. And almost as 
                         pretty. I'd be with him right now 
                         but he's being given new 
                         accommodations --

               Guests laugh.


                         Most people assume he's a monster. I 
                         don't see him that way. The book I'm 
                         writing will return him to the realm 
                         of humanity -- it's the book I was 
                         always meant to write...

               Nelle and Jack stand back, watching.


                         Watch out. This is the start of a 
                         great love affair.


                         Oh yes. Truman in love with Truman.



               Truman is being interviewed over lunch.


                         ...I was in Marilyn's apartment just 
                         last week. I had to break it to her 
                         that, of the four Matisses hanging 
                         on her wall, two were upside down.

               The REPORTER laughs. A waiter passes. Truman taps his glass.


                         Another.
                              
                         To answer your question, I'm following 
                         "Breakfast at Tiffany's" by blazing 
                         a different path -- by inventing an 
                         entirely new kind of writing: the 
                         non-fiction novel.


                         You have a subject?

               Truman takes a last sip of his drink -- utterly serious now.


                         On the night of November 14, two men 
                         broke into a quite farmhouse in Kansas 
                         and murdered an entire family. Why 
                         did they do that? It's been suggested 
                         that this subject is tawdry -- it's 
                         not worthy of literature. I disagree. 
                         Two worlds exist in this country -- 
                         the quiet conservative life, and the 
                         life of those two men -- the 
                         underbelly, the criminally violent. 
                         Those worlds converged that bloody 
                         night. I spent the past three months 
                         interviewing everyone in Kansas 
                         touched by that violence. I spent 
                         hours talking to the killers -- and 
                         I'll spend more.
                              (waiter brings his 
                              drink)
                         Researching this work has changed my 
                         life, altered my point of view about 
                         almost everything. I think those who 
                         read it will be similarly affected.
                              
                         Such a book can only be written by a 
                         journalist who has mastered the 
                         techniques of fiction --


                         You're speaking of yourself.


                         You're really very clever.





               Truman sits in bed, writing on a yellow LEGAL PAD, surrounded 
               by PILES of notes. He squints his eyes, concentrating. Jack 
               enters, delivers a CUP OF COFFEE. Truman doesn't notice.



               Truman is rifling through the boxes, looking for particular 
               notes. He can't find what he needs. The phone RINGS.





               Jack and Truman walk.


                         Perry's decided to appeal. He claims 
                         their attorney was incompetent -- 
                         that he never raised the issue of 
                         temporary insanity.


                         So you find them a new lawyer.


                         They're facing execution in six weeks, 
                         Jack. They need someone to argue 
                         whether or not that's right.


                         Okay.


                         I'd also like to see them alive, 
                         yes, thank you very much. I need to 
                         hear their story.

               They walk in silence for a few moments.


                         If you met him you'd understand. 
                         It's as if no-one's ever asked him a 
                         single question about himself. He's 
                         so... damaged -- and strange -- 
                         unexplored...
                              
                         I don't trust this Hickock fellow. 
                         Perry's the only person who can 
                         describe to me what happened that 
                         night. I need to hear him say it.


                         Just be careful what you do to get 
                         what you want.


                         I'm finding them a lawyer.


                         Truman. You're finding yourself a 
                         lawyer.





               Truman drives alone, concentrating intently. He has to stretch 
               to see over the dashboard.



               A turreted, Civil War-era fortress an hour's drive from Kansas 
               City. Truman pulls up to the GUARDHOUSE.



               Truman waits alone, looking at the lone decoration: a campaign 
               poster, showing a fat man in a suit grinning while holding a 
               shotgun. Across the bottom it reads: WALK TALL WITH KRUTCH. 
               A YOUNG PRISON GUARD sticks his head out of the office door.


                         Warden Krutch will see you now.



               Wood-paneled walls, government-issue desk. On the wall behind 
               the desk is a CHART -- a racial accounting of the current 
               inmate population. It reads: WHITE - 1405, COLORED - 360, 


               WARDEN MARSHALL KRUTCH is fat, coarse, sweaty even in winter. 
               And it's spring. He's running for Congress -- there are 
               "KRUTCH FOR CONGRESS" bumper stickers laying around the 
               office. He's enjoying a chance at a little publicity. The 
               YOUNG PRISON GUARD stands quietly by the wall.


                         We do well by our boys. Showers once 
                         a week. Feed em good. We'll be feeding 
                         Perry Smith in the infirmary soon if 
                         he don't eat. Get the food in through 
                         his arm.


                         What are you talking about?


                         Hasn't eaten in a month. But it's 
                         not his right to kill himself. It's 
                         the People's right. The People of 
                         this State. And that's who I work 
                         for, the People. You can write any 
                         of this down.


                         No one told me.


                         Yah. Won't eat.


                         When can I see him?


                              
                         How about you come back Thursday?


                         No. That's no good. I need to see 
                         them now, then whenever I want for 
                         as long as I want.


                         Not how we do things here.

               Pause.


                         I see.

               Truman glances at the campaign stickers, the young prison 
               guard, then back at Krutch.


                         I understand what a burden unlimited 
                         visitation might be -- on this 
                         institution, and on the People who 
                         pay for it. I want to be clear that 
                         I don't expect the citizens of 
                         Leavenworth County to have to shoulder 
                         that burden.

               Truman reaches into his jacket, pulls from it an ENVELOPE 
               STUFFED with CASH. He lays it on the desk.


                         To be dispensed as you see fit.

               Krutch is stone-faced as he regards the money. Finally:


                         I didn't know where to count your 
                         boy -- being half-Indian. I did him 
                         a favor though.
                              
                         Counted him White.


                         You're a kind and generous man.





               The second floor of a small building in the corner of the 
               prison complex. Decrepit. The one hall is lit by mesh-covered 
               BARE BULBS in the ceiling. Twelve cells -- six on each side. 
               Each is 7 by 10 feet, with one small, high WINDOW covered by 
               bars and wire. The YOUNG PRISON GUARD opens the heavy GATE 
               at the end of the hall and shows Truman in.

               They walk down the row of cells. In one of them we notice 
               Lowell Lee Andrews  
               peering at his own face 4 inches from a mirror.

               Dick is leaning against the bars of his own cell. He smiles.


                         My hero.


                         Hello.


                         Thanks for your help with the lawyer.


                         That's fine.


                         You must be desperate for a story to 
                         come all the way out here.


                         Mr. Capote. You're entitled to go 
                         in. You may, um, go in. If you wish.

               Truman hesitates for a second.


                         You want to see Perry. Go ahead.


                         Thank you.

               Truman walks to the next cell.


                         Ask me, he's just trying to prove 
                         the insanity defense.

               Truman sees Perry, gaunt, lying on his cot, almost comatose. 
               Perry's rather striking drawing of a LARGE YELLOW PARROT 
               sits propped on his table. An UNEATEN LUNCH TRAY lies on the 
               floor -- a cockroach runs over it. Truman watches, disturbed.





               Camera follows Truman as he walks down an aisle with a small 
               WICKER BASKET. He stops, looks at a shelf.



               Truman waits in the check-out line behind a MOM paying for 
               her groceries. Her SON  stands next to her legs, wearing 
               a little cowboy hat and cradling a TOY GUN to his chest. He 
               sucks his thumb. Truman and the boy look at each other.





               Truman sits on the chair, his WICKER BASKET on the table. He 
               has spread out a cloth napkin. A GUARD watches from outside 
               the cell. Perry lies completely still on the cot. Truman 
               takes out jars of BONNET BABY FOOD, inspects the labels.


                              
                         I don't care what your plans are for 
                         yourself...

               He decides on the CUSTARD jar. He opens it, takes a plastic 
               BABY SPOON from the basket.


                         But you're gonna wake up enough to 
                         tell me what you did with my tie.

               He spoons a bit into Perry's mouth. The GUARD walks away. 
               Truman leans close to Perry, whispers:


                         It's okay. It's Truman. It's your 
                         friend.



               Perry sleeps. Truman stands against the wall watching him. 
               He has cleaned up the basket of food. He walks over to Perry's 
               desk, sees two handwritten notebooks on it: THE PRIVATE DIARY 
               OF PERRY EDWARD SMITH and PERSONAL DICTIONARY. Next to them, 
               he sees a pencil SELF-PORTRAIT Perry drew. It's very good. 
               Truman touches it.



               Perry sleeps. Truman sits on the chair watching, waiting. 
               Perry opens his eyes, looks at Truman.



               Perry is sitting up a bit, Truman helps him sip a cup of 
               water. Perry lies back down. He's looking at Truman.


                         How'd you learn to draw like that?

               Perry closes his eyes.





               Truman drives through the KANSAS STATE PENITENTIARY gate, 
               waves to the Guard.



               Perry sits on the bed, cleaned up, wet hair neatly combed, 
               looking at a few OLD SNAPSHOTS he has saved in a handkerchief. 
               Truman sits in the chair across from him. Perry hands him a 
               photo of his mother. Perry speaks quietly.


                         Before she had us. Before she started 
                         drinking.


                         Who took care of you as a child?


                         Orphanage. Me and Linda.


                         That's your sister?

               Perry nods. Truman waits for more. It doesn't come.


                         We're not so different as you might 
                         think. I was abandoned repeatedly as 
                         a child. My mama'd drag me along to 
                         some new town so she could take up 
                         with another man she'd met. Night 
                         after night she'd lock me in the 
                         hotel room -- Mama'd turn the latch 
                         and tell the staff not to let me out 
                         no matter what. I was terrified -- 
                         I'd scream my head off -- till finally 
                         I'd collapse on the carpet next to 
                         the door and fall asleep. After years 
                         of this she just left me with 
                         relatives in Alabama.


                         Who raised you up?


                         My Aunts.
                              
                         That's when I met Nelle -- she lived 
                         next door.
                              (looks again at the 
                              photo, hands it back)
                         Your mother was Indian?


                         Cherokee.


                         Drinking was not a good thing for 
                         her.


                         No tolerance for it.


                         And your father?


                         No tolerance for him either.

               Truman's laughs, surprised by the joke, though it's unclear 
               whether Perry meant it as one. He stares at Perry.


                         What I can't decide is if you 
                         understand how fascinating you are.

               Perry doesn't respond, then --


                         I'm sorry about your tie. They took 
                         it away from me because we're all on 
                         suicide watch. It's why the lights 
                         stay on at night.


                         I hope we're past that now. You had 
                         me worried.


                         Okay.


                         I don't care about the tie. It's 
                         just a pity because it looked so 
                         good on you.

               Perry leans in, motions toward Dick's cell, lowers his voice --


                         Be careful of Ricardo. I think he 
                         wants you all to himself.


                         Alright --


                         But he's naturally mendacious -- not 
                         to be trusted -- if he had a hundred 
                         dollars he'd steal a stick of chewing 
                         gum.


                         You wouldn't.

               Perry shakes his head. Then, Truman nods toward Perry's 
               notebooks.


                         I want to take your notebooks with 
                         me -- I want to read them.

               Perry hesitates.


                         If I leave here without understanding 
                         you, the world will always see you 
                         as a monster. I don't want that -- I 
                         don't see you that way.

               A moment, then Perry reaches for the NOTEBOOKS, hands them 
               to Truman. Then he hands Truman the DRAWING he did of himself.


                         I tracked my father down in Alaska. 
                         I was 14. One day I said to him, 
                         "Mom's dead." I could see it. A week 
                         later we got the news. She finally 
                         drunk herself to death.

               Truman regards Perry. Then he looks at the drawing --


                         This is remarkable.


                         Sometimes you see a thing -- how it 
                         really is.

               On Truman holding the drawing, looking at Perry.



               Truman walks quickly to his car, holding Perry's DRAWING and 
               NOTEBOOKS. At the car, he looks back at the dark jailhouse.





               Truman at the desk, PERRY'S TWO BOOKS next to a LEGAL PAD 
               already filled with notes. He's on the PHONE with Nelle, 
               paging through the PERSONAL DICTIONARY captivated by it.


                         He trusts me -- that's why he gave 
                         it to me. He's given me absolutely 
                         everything.
                              
                         You should see his drawings, Nelle, 
                         how good he is. He wants so badly to 
                         be taken seriously, to be held in 
                         some esteem.

               INTERCUT with Nelle, in pajamas, sitting on the porch of her 
               home in Monroeville, smoking.




                         Do you?


                         Do I what?


                         Hold him in esteem?


                         Well... he's a gold mine. I mean 
                         he's told me his entire life, and 
                         now it's all here for me to write 
                         down -- All of the history I need. 
                         His entire life in this Diary. His 
                         dead mother. A brother and sister 
                         killed themselves.


                         You tell him your mama did the same 
                         thing?


                         I tell him everything. We've been 
                         talking our heads off the past month. 
                         Sometimes, when I think how good my 
                         book can be, I can hardly breathe.


                         Huh.


                              
                         Here's what I wanted to read to you: 
                         "If Called Upon to Make a Speech:" -- 
                         this is exactly what I was talking 
                         about -- a speech just in case he's 
                         ever recognized for an achievement: 
                         "If Called Upon to Make a Speech: I 
                         can't remember what I was going to 
                         say for the life of me. I don't think 
                         ever before have so many people been 
                         so directly responsible for my being 
                         so very, very glad. It's a wonderful 
                         moment and a rare one. Thank you!"
                              
                         There's an exclamation point on the 
                         end of that thank you, in case you 
                         didn't catch it...
                              
                         Where'd you go?

               We hear Nelle exhale her cigarette.


                         Christ. I guess it stopped being 
                         funny.


                         I never said it was.
                              
                         Listen to this...





               Truman is eating breakfast with Alvin Dewey. A WAITRESS 
               refills their coffees.


                              
                         Thanks.

               She leaves. An uncomfortable silence. Then:


                         You're nothing if not hard-working.


                         You look good, healthy again.


                         Not a chance.

               Dewey taps a cigarette out of his pack.


                         I've decided on a title for my book. 
                         I think you'll like it -- very 
                         masculine. "In Cold Blood."


                              
                         That refers to the crime or the fact 
                         that you're still talking to the 
                         criminals?


                         The former, among other things.


                         I see.

               They eat for a moment. Then:


                         I've been wanting to ask if you'll 
                         let me look at your investigation 
                         notes.


                         That lawyer you helped find for your 
                         friends got them a hearing at the 
                         Kansas Supreme Court --


                         I heard this morning.


                         -- on the issue of inadequate counsel.


                         Alvin. Do you not want me to look at 
                         your notes? You are permitted to say 
                         no.


                              (rises, takes out 
                              wallet)
                         I'll tell you what: if those boys 
                         get off, I'm coming to Brooklyn to 
                         hunt you down.

               Truman can't decide whether Dewey is kidding or not. Dewey 
               puts money on the table.


                         I have to be in court at nine o'clock.

               He walks away. Over his shoulder:


                         Call Roy Church. He'll show you what 
                         you want to see.





               Truman walks down the hall. He passes Dick's cell. Dick is 
               lying in bed. Dick rises and smiles widely at Truman.


                         Hey, hey...

               Truman smiles, puts HIS FINGERS TO HIS LIPS, continues past. 
               He stops outside Perry's cell. Perry  
               is drawing at his table -- a picture of the HUGE YELLOW PARROT 
               swooping down from the sky. Truman watches for a few moments, 
               then Perry looks at him.



               The Guard locks Truman inside with Perry.


                         Thank you.

               Truman looks at the Guard -- he leaves.


                         It was as much for me as for anyone. 
                         I couldn't bear the thought of losing 
                         you so soon.


                         We're going to be able to use your 
                         book for our case. You'll write we 
                         never got to raise our insanity plea. 
                         You wrote how terrible the lawyer 
                         was?


                         I haven't written a word yet.

               Beat.


                         What have you been doing?


                         Research. Waiting to talk to you.


                         All right.


                         I had hoped --


                         What are you calling it?


                         The book?
                              (looks directly at 
                              him)
                         I have no idea.

               Pause.


                         If I'm going to write about you -- 
                         if I'm going to determine how to 
                         write about you -- you need to tell 
                         me about that night at the Clutter 
                         house.

               Perry just looks at him.


                         Perry.

               Perry shakes his head.


                         Why? Do you worry what I'll think?

               Perry looks away. A long moment.


                         Is that it?

               Silence. Then:


                         Dick says you know Elizabeth Taylor.


                         I know a lot of people.

               Truman gives up for now. Sees the PICTURE OF THE YELLOW BIRD 
               on the desk.


                         What is that you keep drawing?


                         You must hate having to come to this 
                         place --


                         Perry, I have invitations to be in 
                         Morocco, Greece... I choose to be 
                         here. Those people have everything, 
                         all their prayers have been answered, 
                         yet they're more desperate than ever. 
                         I prefer to be here with you.


                              (looks at Truman; 
                              evenly)
                         I was ten, I wet the bed, the nuns 
                         at the orphanage hated the smell. 
                         First month one of them found me 
                         shivering -- just trying to get 
                         through the night. The Sister pulled 
                         back the covers and shined her 
                         flashlight to see what I'd did. The 
                         sheets were wet. She hit me so many 
                         times with that flashlight she broke 
                         it.
                              
                         That night I dreamed about the yellow 
                         bird. Tall. Yellow like the sun. It 
                         picked me up and it clawed the Nun's 
                         eyes and it lifted me into the sky.

               They look at each other.



               Truman on the street outside the club at a PAY PHONE. He 
               talks with Jack in Brooklyn.


                         I'm just missing this one piece, 
                         Jack. Be patient with me.


                         How long is that gonna take? Why 
                         don't you try leaving him alone for 
                         a while? Come to Spain. You can always 
                         visit him later.


                         I don't know.


                         Well, I'm off. I've got my own writing 
                         to do.


                         Do it in Brooklyn. Wait for me.


                         Too many people around.
                              
                         I'll leave the address on the kitchen 
                         table. Truman, what do you do there 
                         when you're not with him? -- It must 
                         be awful.

               Truman's watching a YOUNG GUY standing outside the bar, 
               looking at him.


                         Think about what I said. Join me 
                         when you can.


                         I will. I will. Bye.

               Truman follows the YOUNG GUY into the bar.



               Truman sleeps. He OPENS HIS EYES in bed. Turns to the bedside 
               table to see the drawing of Perry looking at him.





               A young drifter stands alone on an empty street corner. He 
               checks a pay phone for a coin. It's empty.





               Perry is lying on his cot reading an ADVENTURE MAGAZINE -- 
               something to do with finding buried treasure off the coast 
               of Mexico -- and sucking on the tip of his thumb. After a 
               moment he STARTLES and looks up.

               Truman stands outside his cell. He holds a stack of books: 
               Perry's PERSONAL DICTIONARY and DIARY, and a new WEBSTER'S 
               DICTIONARY and THESAURUS.


                         I didn't see you. Jesus, you...
                              (stands, tucks in 
                              shirt)
                         Come in. Where's the guard?


                         I can't. I brought you some things, 
                         but I have to fly back East.


                         When?


                         An hour. I'm sorry.


                         You can't.


                         I'm sorry.


                         Who are you going there to see --


                              
                         Capote, get it straight in your book -- 
                         we never intended on killing that 
                         family --


                         I told him that.


                         No premeditation --


                         I told him!

               Perry searches the cell for something else to give to Truman 
               to keep him there. Then, he stops. He has nothing left to 
               give, and is unwilling to talk about that night at the 
               Clutters. He becomes very still. Truman speaks gently --


                         Your writings are magnificent. I 
                         hope these help you do more.

               No response. Truman places the books on the floor just outside 
               Perry's cell -- Perry's writings in one stack and the new 
               dictionaries in another right next to it.


                         I have so much material -- from the 
                         trial, from our visits, your journals. 
                         I have to organize it all, and I 
                         have to start the process of writing.
                              
                         I'll visit soon. Perhaps this fall.
                              
                         I miss you already. Write me every 
                         five minutes.

               He turns and goes. We stay with Perry as Truman leaves. We 
               hear Dick speak to Truman.


                         Be good now.

               Hear Truman's footsteps receding. Then, a long shot of the 
               hallway as the Guard lets Truman out the gate at the end of 
               the row. Silence.



               Perry looks down at the books sitting on the floor outside 
               his cell. He crouches, puts his hand through the bars and 
               touches the cover of the new dictionary. He's alone.



               Over black -- the sound of a JET airplane -- loud, then 
               passing.



               FADE IN: BRIGHT WHITE SKY. Sounds of seagulls. Ocean, sand, 
               cottage houses in greenery set back from the beach.



               The house Jack rented. Jack types on the upstairs deck. Truman 
               pulls up in an OLD TAXI. Jack looks out over the railing to 
               the street. Jack emerges on the FRONT PORCH as Truman walks 
               up the path with his bags. They look at each other. Then 
               Truman looks around at the incredible garden, the ocean in 
               the background, and starts to LAUGH.



               Title up:              "January, 1962"

               Sound of a MANUAL TYPEWRITER over black.



               FADE IN on the peaceful outside of the house. Sound of TYPING.



               More typing. A PHONE rings. CAMERA tracks slowly through the 
               pretty, tiled living room, toward a DOOR at the far end.



               Truman at his DESK, surrounded by piles of filled YELLOW 
               PADS, NOTE CARDS, an open TRUNK of random notes. He is at 
               the MANUAL TYPEWRITER. The phone is on the floor, ringing. 
               He types. The phone rings. Exasperated, he picks up.


                         What.


                         Truman. I was supposed to be home 
                         for dinner with my wife three hours 
                         ago -- I have not been able to tear 
                         myself away from your book. It's 
                         that good. It's not good, it's 
                         astonishing. This first half is 
                         astonishing. If the second half lives 
                         up to this it, -- it -- how much is 
                         left to do?

               INTERCUT with Shawn's OFFICE at the New Yorker, NIGHT. Shawn 
               has a stack of manuscript pages on his desk.




                         I'm already well into the third part, 
                         but I -- I can't finish that till I 
                         convince Perry to describe the night 
                         of the killings to me. I was planning 
                         to visit this fall, see --


                         I think you need to talk to him now.


                         And we all need to see how this ends 
                         for the final part. I can't finish 
                         the book till I know what happens. 
                         If Perry and Dick are executed it's 
                         one thing -- and if not, well --


                         Truman. You got your ending --


                         I really don't know --


                         The Kansas court denied their appeal. 
                         It came over the wire on Friday. You 
                         need to talk to Perry now. He'll be 
                         dead by September. I'm sorry, I know 
                         how much you've come to care about 
                         him.

               Truman is completely immobile.


                         Truman?


                         Right. Yes. Right.


                         I want to set up a reading for you 
                         in the fall, in New York. We'll build 
                         some interest, and we'll publish in 
                         the fall.

               On Truman.





               Truman at the stove watching his tea water heat up. Jack 
               enters with a HUGE BASKET of WINE and GROCERIES.


                         Plums. Thank god. We have nothing in 
                         the house.

               He takes one from the basket. Jack starts to unpack food.


                         Why aren't you working?


                         I knew you couldn't be depended on 
                         to stock the kitchen.

               Truman looks at him blankly.


                         What would we feed our famous guest?


                         Oh, Jesus. I completely forgot.

               He helps Jack put away the groceries. Then:


                              
                         Plus -- I finished my novel yesterday.

               Truman looks at Jack, smiles widely.





               Truman, Jack and Nelle. A BONFIRE, a wind-up Victrola playing 
               Ella Fitzgerald, bottles of wine. Jack and Nelle dance. Truman 
               toasts Jack drunkenly.


                         My man, my hero, my talented... My 
                         man...


                         You said that.


                         You are the hardest worker, the most 
                         unsung talent I know. As Nelle passes 
                         by on her way to London to sell her 
                         book which needs no selling, may a 
                         little of her success rub off on 
                         both of us.

               Jack laughs.


                         Here, here!

               Nelle tries to smack Truman but can't catch him. The song 
               changes to a slow one. Jack and Truman dance sweetly together. 
               Nelle sits on the sand and watches.





               Breakfast. Truman and Nelle are sitting -- Nelle has a small 
               envelope in her hand. Truman is obviously uncomfortable. As 
               Jack delivers a platter of omelettes to the table:


                              
                         When was the last time you wrote 
                         back to him?


                         I don't know.


                         What's this?


                         A letter for your boyfriend I was 
                         asked to deliver.


                         From Perry.


                         Let's have it.

               Jack sits. Nelle opens the letter, reads:


                         "Dear Friend Truman. Where are you? 
                         Read this item in a medical 
                         dictionary: "Death by hanging is 
                         caused by asphyxia, by fracture of 
                         the cervical vertebrae, by laceration 
                         of the trachea." Not too comforting 
                         as we lost our appeal. Missing you -- 
                         alone and desirous of your presence. 
                         Your amigo, Perry."

               Pause.


                         Mr. Shawn told me about the court 
                         decision yesterday.


                         I was wondering why you were in such 
                         a good mood. Surely, I thought, it's 
                         not because I finished my little 
                         book.


                         That's a terrible thing to say.

               Jack looks out at the ocean.


                              (to no one in 
                              particular)
                         I used to write him all the time. 
                         I've been so focused lately on the 
                         book.





               Truman and Nelle carry her bags down the front walk toward a 
               waiting TAXI.


                         Jack says I'm using Perry, but he 
                         also thinks I fell in love with him 
                         when I was in Kansas. How both of 
                         those things can be true is beyond 
                         me.


                         Did you? Fall in love with him.

               Silence as they load the bags into the trunk.


                         Truman? --


                         I don't know how to answer that... 
                         It's as if Perry and I started life 
                         in the same house. One day he stood 
                         up and walked out the back door while 
                         I walked out the front. With some 
                         different choices, he's the man I 
                         might have become.


                         Are you kidding me?

               Truman shrugs, doesn't answer. Nelle kisses him.


                         Be nice to Jack. Sometimes I think 
                         he's what I like about you best.


                              
                         I'll see you at the reading in New 
                         York.


                         The sixteenth.

               Nelle gets in the taxi, then leans her head out the window.


                         Truman. Honestly. Are you going back 
                         to Kansas because you care about 
                         Perry or because you need information 
                         before he's killed?


                         Can't it be both?


                         No. I don't think it can be.

               She drives away. Truman watches her go. He turns back up 
               toward the house, stops a moment to pick a FLOWER from the 
               bushes at the front gate.





               A Guard walks down the corridor carrying a SINGLE FLOWER. He 
               delivers it to Perry, then walks off. Perry is confused. He 
               hears FOOTSTEPS approaching, but can't see who it is.


                         Hey, buddy. Thanks.

               More footsteps. CAMERA on Perry as the footsteps finally 
               arrive outside his cell. He's shocked.

               REVERSE onto Truman, looking tanned, healthy, very blond. He 
               holds a STACK OF BOOKS with a BOW on top. He smiles.





               LONG SHOT of dimly lit corridor, light spilling out from 
               each cell. A ROW GUARD walks the hall. We hear voices 
               murmuring.

               SIX MORE GUARDS arrive at the top of the stairs. The ROW 
               GUARD walks over, unlocks the GATE to let them in.



               Perry is looking at the cover of a BOOK -- "WALDEN POND." 
               Other books sit next to Perry on the cot. Among them -- WILLA 
               CATHER's "MY ANTONIA", also "GREAT EXPECTATIONS" --


                         What was he in jail for?


                         They said it was not paying his taxes. 
                         But really for being an outsider -- 
                         refusing to go along.

               Perry nods, looks at the other books.


                         You don't have to read any of these 
                         if you don't want to. But I thought 
                         you'd like something decent. You're 
                         much too smart for adventure 
                         magazines.

               Through the bars of Perry's cell, we can see the SIX GUARDS 
               enter Lowell Lee Andrew's cell (diagonally across the 
               corridor). The ROW GUARD appears at Perry's cell.


                         Lock-down while Lowell goes to 
                         solitary. Nobody in or out.
                              
                         You want in or out?

               Truman looks at Perry, then back to the Guard.


                         In.




               The SIX GUARDS start to pack up Andrews cell while he sits 
               on the cot and watches.



               Perry and Truman talk very QUIETLY. (Throughout this scene, 
               we see in the background, across the corridor, the mostly 
               obscured cell of Andrews. We see his incredibly FAT LEG being 
               shackled, his belongings being packed in boxes.)


                         Everyone says he's a genius. I don't 
                         think he's a genius. He's rich and 
                         he went to college -- like any of us 
                         would've if we got the chance. He 
                         came home for Christmas and shot his 
                         parents --


                         -- in front of the television.


                         You remember the story --


                         They were watching Father Knows Best.

               They look at each other and smile. Then:


                         I won't be sorry to see him go. Always 
                         correcting my grammar.

               They watch Andrews being shackled in the background.


                         Now -- Dick and me -- we're next in 
                         line.

               Truman regards Perry, who looks down.


                         I'm so sorry I've been away.


                         It was a long time.


                         I know.


                         I wish you could come next week, 
                         when they take him out to the Corner, 
                         but the whole prison shuts down.


                         I have to be in New York anyway.

               Perry nods.


                         How's the book going?


                         Very slowly.


                         Will you show it to me?


                         I've hardly written anything.

               One of the six guards CLANGS Andrews' cell bars with his 
               stick.


                         Ready.

               The ROW GUARD opens the cell door. Andrews is led out, arms 
               and legs shackled, into the corridor.


                         Keep your head high, buddy.


                         Alright now.


                         ...or they won't be able to rope you 
                         under your fat fucking chin.

               Andrews is led past Perry's cell. He looks in at Perry.


                         Next!

               Andrews shuffles down the hall. Perry watches him go. On 
               Truman watching Perry. We hear the GATE slam shut.





               Packed. Nelle stands with William Shawn, who receives well-
               wishers. BEN BARON enters, seeing Nelle.


                              (loudly, over the 
                              hubbub)
                         Hello Hollywood. That's quite a bundle 
                         you sold your book for.

               Nelle is embarrassed, mostly for Baron, to have the issue of 
               money brought up publicly.


                         Well...

               Baron moves past, Nelle smiles politely, whispers to Shawn.


                         What a gentleman.



               Truman sits alone. In the background, we can HEAR the noise 
               of the huge crowd gathering in the theater. Truman wears his 
               MOST STYLISH LITERARY OUTFIT: a gorgeous dark green Knize 
               SUIT over a black cashmere turtleneck sweater, and horn-rimmed 
               GLASSES .

               He's frozen with anticipation, nervousness. After several 
               moments a THEATER ASSISTANT opens the door.


                         Mr. Capote. Can I get you anything?


                         No.
                              
                         Thank you.

               The assistant leaves. We hear the crowd quiet down. Truman 
               rises slowly, walks through the door to the backstage area. 
               We hear William Shawn on stage.


                         Welcome New Yorkers...



               Shawn pauses briefly for a laugh that doesn't come. Truman 
               continues walking toward the backstage curtains.


                         Thank you for coming to the first 
                         public reading, the first offering 
                         of any kind, of Truman Capote's new 
                         work "In Cold Blood." Our magazine --

               Truman walks on stage. Loud applause. Shawn sees him, slinks 
               back to his seat. Truman walks over to the podium, takes in 
               the enormous crowd. Once it is completely quiet:


                         Hello. My name is Truman Capote.

               People laugh and applaud loudly.





               Perry, eating dinner alone at his table, looks up. We HEAR a 
               LOUD ENGINE revving outside.



               A FRONT-LOADER TRACTOR drives into the warehouse. A PRISON 
               POLICE CAR parks outside the warehouse. Guards get the 
               enormous Lowell Lee Andrews, shackled, from the back seat, 
               walk him inside.



               C/U on Perry, now standing on his chair and watching out the 
               tiny window.





               Truman on stage reading.


                         Perry Smith's voice was both gentle 
                         and prim -- a voice that, though 
                         soft, manufactured each sound exactly -- 
                         ejected it like a smoke ring issuing 
                         from a parson's mouth.





               Perry watches through his window. From inside the warehouse 
               we hear the gallows TRAP DOOR spring and CLATTER. On Perry,





               Truman reading. Utter silence except for his voice.


                         The village of Holcomb stands on the 
                         high wheat plains of western Kansas, 
                         a lonesome area that other Kansans 
                         call "out there." Until one morning 
                         in mid-November 1959, few Americans -- 
                         in fact, few Kansans -- had ever 
                         heard of Holcomb. Like the waters of 
                         the [Arkansas] river, like the 
                         motorists on the highway... 
                         exceptional happenings had never 
                         stopped there.



               We see the outside wall with Perry and Dick's faces peering 
               out through their tiny windows.



               The TRACTOR emerges through the warehouse doors. It carries 
               in its FRONT SHOVEL the enormous, dead BODY of ANDREWS covered 
               by a BLACK CLOTH.



               Truman reading. The audience completely still.


                         The four coffins, which quite filled 
                         the small, flower-crowded parlor, 
                         were to be sealed at the funeral 
                         services -- very understandably, for 
                         the effect... was disquieting. Nancy 
                         wore her dress of cherry-red velvet, 
                         her brother a bright plaid shirt; 
                         the parents were more sedately 
                         attired, Mr. Clutter in navy-blue 
                         flannel, his wife in navy-blue crepe; 
                         and -- and it was this especially 
                         that lent the scene an awful aura -- 
                         the head of each was completely 
                         encased in cotton, a swollen cocoon 
                         twice the size of an ordinary blown-
                         up balloon, and the cotton, because 
                         it had been sprayed with a glossy 
                         substance, twinkled like Christmas-
                         tree snow.





               The TRACTOR rolls the body into the BED of a waiting PICK-UP 




               Perry watches through his window.



               Truman reading. The audience transfixed.


                         Imagination, of course, can open any 
                         door -- turn the key and let terror 
                         walk right in. [One] Tuesday, at 
                         dawn, a carload of... strangers, 
                         ignorant of the local disaster -- 
                         were startled by what they saw as 
                         they crossed the prairies and passed 
                         through Holcomb: windows ablaze, 
                         almost every window in almost every 
                         house, and, in the brightly lit rooms, 
                         fully clothed people, even entire 
                         families, who had sat the whole night 
                         wide awake, watchful, listening. Of 
                         what were they frightened? "It might 
                         happen again."

               He closes his manuscript. Several moments of SILENCE, then 
               thunderous APPLAUSE.





               Truman's dressing room. Packed with well-wishers drinking 
               from bottles of CHAMPAGNE, smoking, toasting, shouting to be 
               heard. Truman in the corner with Christopher Isherwood, BEN 
               BARON others, laughing. A LITERARY ENTHUSIAST approaches, 
               leans in.


                         Your portrait of those men was 
                         terrifying. Terrifying.


                         Thank you.

               Truman and Isherwood watch him walk away.


                         Your hairpiece is terrifying.


                         I was going to say the same thing!

               Truman laughs loudly. We SEE Nelle look over from across the 
               room at her friend having the time of his life.





               Truman is hung over but immensely gratified. He's with Shawn.


                         Everyone was there.


                         Tennessee loved it.


                         Of course he did.


                         Should we do more? I was terrified, 
                         but --


                         No, Now we get to withhold while 
                         everyone else talks. Let them do the 
                         work.

               Truman is barely able to suppress his excitement.


                         This book is going to change 
                         everything. It'll change how people 
                         see you as a writer. It'll change 
                         how people write. You'll finish by 
                         October?


                         I think so. You know they're scheduled 
                         for next month?


                         Hanging. Yes. I'll commit as many 
                         issues as it takes to publish. Three. 
                         As many as it takes.


                         I'm flying to Kansas tomorrow. I'll 
                         get Perry to talk --


                         Honestly, what's he got to lose?

               Truman smiles at the joke, then stops himself.


                         It really is too awful. 
                         Institutionalized sadism.

               Shawn nods.


                         You'll be able to finish now.


                         As strange as it may sound to you, 
                         I'm going to miss him.



               Over black -- the sound of a JET airplane -- loud, then 
               passing.



               Truman, flushed, out of breath, stands outside Perry's cell. 
               He's just arrived. He holds a FOLDED-UP NEWSPAPER. Perry 
               sits at his table reading LEGAL DOCUMENTS.


                         When did you hear?

               Perry looks up, mistaking Truman's state for shared 
               enthusiasm. He smiles widely.


                         Two days ago.

               The Guard opens the cell for Truman. Perry holds up one of 
               the DOCUMENTS.


                         It's what we've been waiting for. A 
                         stay of execution to make a federal 
                         appeal.

               Truman enters. Perry goes to him and hugs him tightly.


                         All thanks to you.

               On Truman, shocked, being hugged.





               Truman sits on the bed, his coat still on, watching Perry -- 
               hyped up, talking, walking around the cell.


                         Kansas's had it in for me for ten 
                         years -- in prison the first time, 
                         at that trial, here. They can't corner 
                         me now. Not till the U.S. Government 
                         says so --


                         Perry, sit down. For a minute.
                              
                         I need you to talk to me...


                         We've got all the time in the world 
                         to talk. About everything. I've been 
                         thinking about Ricardo. You need to 
                         stop sending him those trashy books. 
                         I won't even mention the pornography.
                              
                         I realize he might have trouble 
                         grasping the literature you gave me, 
                         but those books only exacerbate the 
                         problem -- only 'heighten' or 
                         'intensify' it. Maybe we should start 
                         him on a program...


                         Perry.


                         Give him the simple novels first --


                         Perry.

               Perry stops.


                         I know what exacerbate means.


                         Okay. I thought in case...


                         There is not a word, or a sentence, 
                         or a concept, that you can illuminate 
                         for me. There is one singular reason 
                         that I keep coming here --


                         Truman --


                         ...November 14th, 1959. Three years 
                         ago. Three years. That's all I want 
                         to hear from you.

               Pause.


                         I've asked you not to --


                              
                         This is ridiculous.
                              
                         I'm ready.
                              
                         I have a plane to catch. I found 
                         your sister in Tacoma. Maybe she'll 
                         talk to me about something useful.


                         Don't go out there.

               The Guard lets Truman out of the cell.


                         Please don't go out there.

               The Guard shuts the door.


                         This is my work, Perry. I'm working. 
                         When you want to tell me what I need 
                         to hear, you let me know.

               He walks off down the hall. The GATE slams shut.





               Cheaply built ranch house. LINDA MURCHAK  walks in the 
               kitchen back door, shuts it.


                         They'll play outside a while longer.

               Mrs. Murchak looks like a female Perry, dark and small, 
               attractive and nervous. Through the window, we see THREE 
               LITTLE CHILDREN playing on a DECREPIT JUNGLE GYM in the yard. 
               Truman sits at the table, leafing through a PHOTO ALBUM.


                         I don't want them to see that.


                         They've never seen these pictures?


                              
                         Too many questions.

               She joins Truman again at the table.

               We see an OLD PHOTO of the SMITH FAMILY -- Linda at age 8, 
               Perry ; their older sister, June; their brother Frank; 
               and the parents: Florence  -- 
               in front of their rundown truck on a desolate road.


                         June's dead. Frank shot himself. Now 
                         Perry's did what he did. I suppose 
                         I'm next. Some ruination will visit 
                         me.


                         I don't think life works that way.


                         It does in this family.

               Truman turns the page. A PICTURE of Perry  and Linda 
               HOLDING HANDS and splashing in a big mud-puddle in the rain. 
               Linda is smiling at Perry, who is naked, laughing.


                         I used to love him. He was my little 
                         doll.

               He turns the page. A PICTURE of Perry  and Linda sitting 
               on the back steps of a shack, poking with a stick at something 
               in the dirt. After a moment, she gets up, clears coffee cups.


                         He scares me now.


                         When was the last time you saw him?


                         Ten years.

               She picks up the album to put it away.


                         Do you think I could borrow one of 
                         those pictures?


                              
                         Take the whole thing. I don't want'em 
                         anymore.
                              
                         Just... Perry doesn't know where I 
                         live. He thinks we're still in 
                         Portland. Please don't tell him we're 
                         not.


                              
                         Alright.


                         Don't be taken in by my brother. 
                         He's got this sensitive side he'll 
                         show. You believe he's gentle, so 
                         easily hurt. But he'd just as soon 
                         kill you as shake your hand. I believe 
                         that.





               Truman slows for a moment as he passes Hickock's cell.


                         Hello handsome.

               Hickock just stares at him. Truman, unnerved, moves on to 
               Perry's cell.



               Perry doing pushups. He sees Truman and stops. He stands. 
               The Row Guard approaches.


                         You want to go in?

               Truman regards Perry for a few moments, then:


                         Yes

               The Guard unlocks the door. Perry STARTS TO MOVE toward it. 
               The Guard SLAMS it shut.


                         What's the name of your book?

               No response. Perry can barely control his anger.


                         What's the name of your book?


                         I don't...


                         What's the name of your book?


                         I don't know what you're talking 
                         about.

               Perry picks up a cut-out ARTICLE from the NY Times from his 
               desk. He reads.


                         "Truman Capote read last night before 
                         a packed audience from his non-fiction 
                         book IN COLD BLOOD."

               He looks at Truman.


                         More?
                              
                         "The true-crime novel tells of killers 
                         Richard Hickock and Perry Smith, who 
                         brutally murdered a Kansas family 
                         three years ago."


                         Who sent that to you?

               Perry doesn't answer.


                         Who sent that to you?


                         That's not your goddamn business.


                         It is my business, because it's not 
                         true. The organizers of the reading 
                         needed a title. They picked one -- a 
                         sensational one, I admit -- to attract 
                         a crowd.


                         They picked it.


                         Yes.


                         That's not your title.


                         I haven't chosen one yet.

               Perry stares at him, not believing.


                         How could I choose --


                         You pretend to be my friend...


                         How could I choose a title when you 
                         still haven't told me what happened 
                         that night? How could I? I couldn't 
                         possibly.

               Long pause. Truman reaches in his breast pocket and extracts 
               a PHOTO 


                         I have something from your sister.

               He hands it through the bars to Perry. Perry takes it.


                         She misses you.

               Perry looks at the photo. After a few moments, Truman turns 
               to the Guard.


                         It's alright. I'll go in.

               The Guard unlocks the cell. Truman enters. The Guard locks 
               up, walks away. Perry is still looking at the PHOTO.


                         I'm sorry. I should have told you 
                         what they made me call the book.
                              
                         I couldn't pretend to be your friend. 
                         The truth is, I can't help wanting 
                         to be.
                              
                         You don't have to tell me anything 
                         if you don't want to.

               Perry looks at the photo of himself and his sister for a 
               long time.


                         Look at my belly.

               Perry sits on the bed. Then, almost to himself:


                         There must be something wrong with 
                         us. To do what we did.

               Truman waits him out, sitting on the chair. Finally, Perry 
               looks at him. When Perry speaks, it is quietly, completely 
               matter-of-fact.


                         We heard there was ten thousand 
                         dollars in that house. Once we'd 
                         tied up everybody and searched all 
                         over, I knew the guy who told us 
                         about it was wrong. There wasn't any 
                         money. But Dick wouldn't believe it. 
                         He went tearing through the house 
                         again, banging on the walls, looking 
                         for a safe. He said when he was done, 
                         he was going to come up to Nancy's 
                         room and have his way with her. I 
                         wouldn't allow it. I told him that. 
                         I sat with Nancy.





               Perry and Nancy. Perry sits quietly on the edge of Nancy's 
               bed. A SMALL BEDSIDE LAMP softly illuminates a portion of 
               the room. We hear Dick banging around downstairs.


                         It was nice in there.

               The scene is almost sweet, until we see that Nancy's legs 
               and hands are TIED and her mouth is TAPED.



               Perry talking to Truman.


                         Dick came to get me and we turned 
                         out the lights and went down to the 
                         basement, where we had Mr. Clutter 
                         and the boy. Dick kept saying "No 
                         witnesses." I figured if I just waited 
                         him out he'd give up and leave them 
                         tied up there. We'd drive all night, 
                         they'd never find us. Mr. Clutter's 
                         wrists were tied to a pipe over his 
                         head. He looked like he was hurt, so 
                         I cut him down.





               HERBERT CLUTTER is bound and taped, his hands tied to a PIPE 
               on the LOW CEILING. Perry CUTS the rope with a HUNTING KNIFE, 
               catches hold of Herb Clutter, lowers him onto a mattress box 
               on the floor.





               Perry talking to Truman.


                         We put a box there on the floor so 
                         he'd be more comfortable. He asked 
                         if his wife and daughter were alright 
                         and I said they were fine, they were 
                         ready to go to sleep. I told him it 
                         wasn't long till morning when somebody 
                         would find them.
                              
                         He was looking at me. Just... looking 
                         at me. Looking at my eyes. Like he 
                         expects me to kill him -- expects me 
                         to be the kind of person who would 
                         kill him. I was thinking -- this 
                         nice man, he's scared of me. I was 
                         ashamed. I mean, I thought he was a 
                         kind man, a good... a gentleman. I 
                         thought so right up to the moment I 
                         cut his throat. I didn't realize 
                         what I'd did till I heard the sound.





               Herb Clutter gurgling on the floor.


                         Like some one drowning under water.





               Perry and Truman. Silence, then:


                         I was staring at him, bleeding on 
                         the floor. I told Dick to finish him 
                         off, but he wouldn't do it. We 
                         couldn't leave Mr. Clutter like that, 
                         so I got the shotgun.





               Perry approaches with a SHOTGUN. He aims and SHOOTS him in 
               the face.




               KENYON CLUTTER  is bound and gagged on an old sofa, a 
               pillow under his head. A flashlight illuminates his face. A 
               shotgun enters frame, FIRES. An enormous BURST of LIGHT.




               Bonnie Clutter  tied up on her bed. 
               Moonlight through the window.


                         We went to Mrs. Clutter's room.

               The DOOR opens. Perry and Dick walk in with a flashlight. 
               Perry points the shotgun at Bonnie's face, FIRES. A BURST of 




               Perry and Dick enter Nancy's room, shine the flashlight on 
               her face. She looks at Perry. She has been crying. After a 
               moment, she TURNS HER FACE to the wall, as if she knows what 
               is coming and doesn't want to watch it. Perry AIMS the shotgun 
               at the back of her head. The FLASHLIGHT switches OFF. The 
               shotgun FIRES. A BURST of LIGHT.





               Perry and Truman. Perry still on the bed. Truman sits, not 
               moving, on the chair. Silence.


                         Then we drove off.

               Silence. Perry looks at Truman.


                         What do you think of me now?

               No answer. Then:


                         Added up, how much money did you get 
                         from the Clutters?

               Perry thinks.


                         Between forty and fifty dollars.

               Truman nods. They sit there for a long time.





               FADE IN: Hands typing on a MANUAL TYPEWRITER.

               Truman typing at the desk. He stops, removes the page from 
               the typewriter, places it on top of a SMALL STACK OF PAGES. 
               He sits back.





               Truman in his seat, sips a drink. He looks out the window.





               Truman walks with his TRAVEL BAG on his shoulder. He takes 
               out his KEYS and turns up the steps to his house.



               Truman opens the door.


                         Jack.

               No answer. He walks down the hall to the BEDROOM.



               Truman enters, drops his travel bag on the bed, zips it open, 
               removes a SMALL STACK OF TYPED PAGES. He walks to his desk.

               On the desk, we see a HUGE STACK OF TYPED PAGES with a title 
               page on top which reads: IN COLD BLOOD. Truman lifts the 
               HUGE STACK, places the SMALL STACK under it. He smooths out 
               the pages, then steps back from it. He calls out:


                         Jack.

               No answer. On Truman, standing in the middle of his room. He 
               has finished all that he can finish, and is lost as to what 
               to do next.



               TITLE UP:          "One Year Later"




                         ...I want to give it to you. The 
                         truth is, I'm desperate to be done 
                         with it...





               Truman on the PHONE, in pajamas, looking in the FRIDGE.


                         Mr. Shawn, I... I've spent four years 
                         of my life on this book... They got 
                         a stay of execution yesterday... 
                         Another, yes....

               He gets out a jar of BONNET BABY FOOD CUSTARD and starts to 
               eat it. Truman finds a bottle of J&amp;B on the counter and pours 
               a shot in his custard.


                         Supreme Court....

               He stirs the custard, eats it.


                         ...It's harrowing -- all I want is 
                         to write the ending and there's no 
                         fucking end in sight... No. No, I 
                         haven't been drinking again...



               Truman sits on the bed with a glass of bourbon, staring at 
               the television. An empty jar of BABY CUSTARD sits on the 
               bedside table.



               Truman on the bed, the television still on, another drink. 
               We hear a DOORBELL. We hear Jack walk down the hall, answer 
               the door, shut the door. Jack enters with a TELEGRAM.


                         I don't know how you can eat that. 
                         Perhaps if you weren't drinking so 
                         much you wouldn't have to.

               No response. Jack turns down the television, opens the 
               telegram.


                              
                         "Dear friend Truman. Haven't heard 
                         from you in such a long while. Please 
                         help find new lawyer. If not, Dick 
                         will have to write Supreme Court 
                         brief himself. Our last appeal. What 
                         a pair of wretched creatures. Please 
                         help. Your amigo? Perry."

               Pause. Jack looks at Truman.


                         Your amigo.

               Truman stares back. Finally, he turns back to the television.


                         Put it with the others.

               Jack goes to the DESK and places the telegram on top of a 
               LARGE PILE OF TELEGRAMS, all from Perry -- all, we should 
               assume, unanswered.

               Jack walks out. Truman sips his drink.



               Truman at the desk, still in PAJAMAS, typing. Jack enters 
               wearing a TUXEDO, reads over Truman's shoulder. We see:

               "...unable to find laywer despite extensive search. So sorry. 
               All best, Truman."


                         You tried?

               Truman extracts the page from the typewriter, folds it, and 
               puts it in an envelope. He takes a sip of his BOURBON.


                              
                         You need to get ready.





               Truman and Jack are driven. Both wear TUXEDOS and OVERCOATS. 
               Truman drinks.



               Driving. Truman and Jack sit in silence, then:


                         At least pretend for Nelle that you're 
                         having a good time tonight.

               The limo turns a corner and we see an ENORMOUS CROWD in front 
               of a THEATER. On the marquee it says: "Opening tonight - TO 


               It is COLD. Truman and Jack's limo pulls up. An USHER opens 
               their DOOR.



               Truman, obviously drunk, preens and poses on the red carpet 
               for the CAMERAS. Jack watches from the side.





               Huge party in progress. Nelle walks through the crowd. People 
               turn to her saying: "Congratulations"; "Wonderful". She finds 
               Truman sitting at the BAR, receiving a new drink.


                         Nelle.

               She looks UNCOMFORTABLY DOLLED UP for the premiere of her 
               movie.


                         I thought I'd find you here.


                              
                         Please, another.

               He hands Nelle his drink, receives another. After a moment:


                         How are you?


                         Terrible.

               Beat.


                         I'm sorry to hear that.


                         Well. It's torture. Torture...
                              
                         ...what they're doing to me.


                         Uh-huh.


                         Now the Supreme Court. Can you believe 
                         it? If they win this appeal I will 
                         have a complete nervous breakdown. I 
                         may never recover. Just pray things 
                         turn my way.


                         It must be hard.


                         It's torture. They're torturing me.


                         I see.

               Nelle regards him for a moment.


                         And how'd you like the movie, Truman.

               She puts her drink down on the bar and walks away. Truman 
               turns back to the bartender, shrugs.


                         I frankly don't know what the fuss 
                         is about.

               On Truman, alone at the bar.





               FADE UP on a PAPER BOY riding his BIKE down the street. New 
               buds are on the trees. It is SPRING. The BOY wears a NEW 
               YORK TIMES bag slung over his chest and is tossing copies of 
               the paper. One of them lands on Truman and Jack's stoop.



               Phone RINGING. Truman asleep.



               Jack is writing, longhand, at his desk. PHONE is ringing. 
               Jack notices that his door is slightly ajar. He kicks it 
               shut. The ringing is much quieter. He keeps writing.



               Truman asleep. PHONE ringing. He wakes up, groggy, answers.


                         Hello.


                         Mr. Capote?


                         Yes?


                         I have a call from Mr. Perry Smith 
                         in the Kansas Correctional System. 
                         Will you accept charges?

               Pause.


                         Mr. Truman Capote?


                         Yes.


                         Will you accept charges?


                         Oh.
                              
                         Uh... Yes.


                         You'll accept charges?


                         Yes.


                         Mr. Smith, you're on the line.

               Now Truman's awake. We hear a series of CLICKS, then:


                         Hello.

               Truman can't bring himself to speak.


                         Hello? I can't --
                              
                         This doesn't seem --
                              (we hear Perry clicking 
                              the cradle, then:)
                         Operator, I don't think you put me --


                         I'm here.

               Beat.


                         Truman.


                         Hello, Perry.


                         They let me make a couple phone calls 
                         before I go down to Holding... You 
                         heard the Supreme Court rejected the 
                         appeal.


                         I didn't... I hadn't heard that.


                         Yeah.

               Pause.


                         I'm sorry.


                         Yeah. They let me make two phone 
                         calls.

               Truman doesn't know what to say.


                         We've got a date set for the 
                         Warehouse, Dick and me. Two weeks 
                         and... Finito. April 14.

               Beat.


                         Will you visit me? Truman. Will you 
                         come visit?


                         I don't know if I can. I'll try.
                              
                         I don't know if I can.

               We hear over the line a GUARD in the background:


                         Time, Smith. Hang it up.


                         Please visit me, Truman. Just...


                         Time. Smith.

               CLICK. Truman sits very still, the phone in his hand.





               Perry and Dick being shackled, their belongings packed into 
               boxes. One of the GUARDS in Perry's cell CLANGS the bars 
               with his STICK.


                         Ready.





               Perry lies alone on his cot. The DOOR opens, KRUTCH enters 
               with a GUARD.


                         Perry.

               Perry sits up. Krutch sits on the one chair. The Guard stands 
               by the door, takes out a PAD and STUBBY PENCIL.


                         You're allowed three names of people 
                         you'd like to witness tomorrow. If 
                         there's anybody you want, tell me 
                         now.


                         Truman Capote.

               Krutch nods to the Guard who writes the name down. Krutch 
               waits, then:


                         Anybody else?

               Perry SHAKES HIS HEAD.



               In a chair near the window, Truman sits awake in his pajamas, 
               unable to sleep, completely unable to decide what to do. He 
               watches Jack sleep. A long time -- then Truman walks to the 
               closet, gets out a travel bag, starts to pack.





               A PLANE takes off.



               Truman sits next to William Shawn, who looks exhausted. The 
               STEWARDESS is approaching with the DRINKS CART. She collects 
               an empty BABY CUSTARD JAR from Truman's tray.


                         You want anything?

               Truman shakes his head.





               OUTSIDE LIGHTS switch on as it gets dark.



               Perry sits alone. The door opens and a Guard brings in his 
               LAST MEAL: three hot dogs, french fries, an ice cream sundae, 
               a strawberry soda. The Guard sets it down on the chair.


                         Thank you.
                              
                         You sent the telegram to his hotel?


                         Hours ago.

               Perry looks at the CLOCK on the wall: it's after 8pm.


                         May I make a phone call?





               PHONE ringing. The CLOCK rads 8:55pm. Empty drinks glasses, 
               a custard jar. Truman lies curled in a fetal position on the 
               BED. Shawn walks the floor, exasperated.


                         That's him again.

               Truman is immobile. Phone still rings.


                         We've never even met. It is utterly 
                         inappropriate for me to be talking 
                         to him.

               Shawn gives up, PICKS UP the phone.


                         Yes... I'm sorry, he's out, gone 
                         out... I'm not sure when...





               Krutch walks with a TELEGRAM PAGE in hand. A Guard follows. 
               They pass a WALL CLOCK: 9:40pm.



               Krutch and Guard enter Perry's cell. Perry hasn't touched 
               his meal.


                         You got a telex.

               Perry nods. Krutch reads:


                         "Perry. Unable to visit today because 
                         not permitted. Always your friend, 
                         Truman."
                              
                         That's it.


                         It's not true, is it?

               Krutch hesitates a moment, then SHAKES his head.





               Nelle on the PHONE looking at a TELEGRAM. The kitchen CLOCK 
               reads 10:20pm. She waits a moment till the line is answered.


                         Mr. Shawn? It's Nelle... I just got 
                         this telegram, has he seen it?

               INTERCUT with William Shawn on the phone in Truman's hotel 
               room. A TELEGRAM lies on the DESK. Truman lies on the bed.




                         He won't look at it.


                         Would you put him on please?


                         He won't talk.


                              
                         Mr. Shawn, if you have to hold him 
                         down and put the phone on his ear, I 
                         need to speak to him.

               Shawn, terrifically uncomfortable, walks over to Truman and 
               holds the phone out to him.


                         It's Nelle.

               A moment, then Truman takes the phone. On Truman's face. We 
               hear, through the receiver, Nelle:


                         Truman.

               Truman finally breathes out.





               Perry is led, SHACKLED, into a holding cell on the ground 
               floor of the Death Row Building. Dick is already there, 
               seated, shackled. We HEAR PERRY'S VOICE:


                         "Miss Nelle Harper Lee and Truman 
                         Capote: Sorry that Truman was unable 
                         to make it here at the prison for a 
                         brief word prior to necktie party...

               The CLOCK reads 11:05pm. Through the WINDOW, we see activity 
               in the Gallows Warehouse across the yard.


                         ...Whatever his reason for not showing 
                         up, I want him to know that I cannot 
                         condemn him for it and understand...

               Perry makes eye contact with the Guard, who CHEWS GUM. The 
               Guard checks through the SMALL WINDOW in the door, then 
               approaches Perry, places a STICK OF GUM in Perry's mouth. 
               Perry CHEWS.


                         ...Not much time left but want you 
                         both to know that I've been sincerely 
                         grateful for your friendship through 
                         the years and everything else...





               Truman opens the door to the other part of the suite, where 
               William Shawn is waiting. Truman is fully dressed and ready. 
               Perry's VOICE:


                         ...I'm not very good at these 
                         things....



               TAXICAB pulls up to the prison gates. Perry's VOICE:


                         I have become extremely affectionate 
                         toward you both. But, harness time. 
                         Adios amigos. Your friend, Perry."



               Clock reads 11:35pm. Truman sits with Shawn. Truman is looking 
               at the TELEGRAM from Perry. He folds it, puts it in the breast 
               pocket of his jacket. Krutch approaches.


                         I didn't think I'd be seeing you 
                         again.
                              
                         You can visit for a few minutes.

               Truman stands, turns to Shawn, still seated.


                         No.


                         Come with me.


                         Truman. No.

               Truman goes alone.



               Perry, Dick, a Guard. Krutch lets Truman in.


                         Five minutes.

               He exits, closes the door. Truman doesn't know what to say.


                              
                         He returns. Long time.


                         I don't know what you must think of 
                         me.


                         You haven't been foremost on my mind 
                         lately. As you can imagine.

               Dick looks at Perry and smiles. Perry chews his gum and smiles 
               back, then looks to Truman who seems upset.


                         You got the letter?


                         Yes.


                         It's true. I mean I understand why 
                         you didn't want to come. I wouldn't 
                         be here either if I didn't have to.


                         You got that right.

               Silence.


                         You know Ricardo donated his eyes to 
                         science? Next week, some blind man 
                         will be seeing what Dick used to 
                         see.


                              
                         He'd be better off the way he was. 
                         What I've seen hasn't been so nice 
                         to look at -- but I guess it's better 
                         than nothing.
                              
                         They came around with a form.
                              
                         Hey. You'll be walking down the street 
                         one day in Denver, wherever -- and 
                         suddenly these eyes will be staring 
                         at you. Wouldn't that be something?


                              
                         It would be.

               Krutch opens the door.


                         Time.

               Truman looks at the clock: 11:50pm. Truman turns to Perry 
               and Dick. Perry stands.


                         You'll be watching?


                         I don't know. Do you want me to?


                         I'd like to have a friend there.


                         Okay. Then I will.

               Truman looks down, starts to cry.


                         It's alright.


                         I did everything I could.


                         Okay.


                         I truly did.


                         I know.

               Truman nods, wipes his eyes.


                         Goodbye, Perry.


                         You're not rid of me yet. I'll see 
                         you in a few minutes.

               Truman goes. On Perry watching him leave.





               Huge. Dirt floor. Wooden gallows. TWENTY MEN stand around, 
               some smoking. Some are silent. Some whisper quietly.

               Journalists. Also, Alvin Dewey and the KBI men: Church and 
               Nye. Krutch in front of the gallows with a CHAPLAIN. At the 
               foot of the gallows steps, the EXECUTIONER -- thin, older, a 
               too-large pin-striped suit and stained cowboy hat. Truman. 
               William Shawn.

               HEADLIGHTS, then a PRISON CAR enters, stops. Dick is extracted 
               from the back seat. He stands, looks at the CROWD, then at 
               the GALLOWS. The Guards nudge him forward.



               CLOCK reads 12:05pm. Perry sits alone looking at his hands. 
               We HEAR A TRAP DOOR SPRING and CLATTER. Perry looks up.



               Light rain outside. Perry in the back seat being driven across 
               the yard. He looks out his window, sees a PICKUP TRUCK drive 
               out of the Corner Warehouse. On it: a BODY covered by a BLACK 




               The PRISON CAR enters, stops. Perry is removed from the back 
               seat. He stands, looks at the assembled men, looks at Truman. 
               He's nudged forward. As he passes DEWEY, he extends his hand:


                         Nice to see you.

               Dewey is caught off-guard so shakes his hand. Perry is led 
               to the base of the gallows.


                         Perry Edward Smith.
                              
                         "For the crime of murder in the first 
                         degree, by order of the Court of 
                         Finney County and the Supreme Court 
                         of the sovereign State of Kansas, 
                         you are sentenced to hang until you 
                         die."
                              
                         You can say something if you want.


                              
                         Is there anybody from the family 
                         here?


                         No.

               Perry is disappointed by this information.


                         Well. Tell them...
                              (he look out at 
                              everyone)
                         I can't remember what I was going to 
                         say for the life of me...

               He stops. Several moments.

               Krutch can't tell if he's done. Finally, Krutch nods to the 
               Guard. Perry is led up the STEPS. The Chaplain follows.


                         Though I walk through the valley of 
                         the shadow of death, I will fear no 
                         evil, for thou art with me.

               The Executioner puts the NOOSE around Perry's neck. Perry 
               chews his gum. Executioner opens a BLACK CLOTH SACK.

               Perry looks at the Chaplain reading prayers, looks at the 
               crowd, at Truman.


                         Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort 
                         me.

               The BLACK SACK goes over Perry's head. Truman watches. He 
               stands next to Alvin Dewey.


                         Thou preparest a table before me in 
                         the presence of mine enemies. Thou 
                         annointest my head with oil.

               The Executioner pulls the handle, Perry drops.


                         My cup runneth over.

               On Truman. Then a WIDE SHOT of the inside of the Warehouse: 
               twenty men watching Perry Smith hang, the Chaplain reading.





               The SOUND of a TELEPHONE RINGING, as heard through the 
               receiver. We HEAR the CLICK of the phone being PICKED UP, 
               then, after a moment, a VOICE:


                         Hello.





               Truman sits on the edge of the bed in his WET OVERCOAT, as 
               if he'd walked in the rain.


                         Someday I'll tell you about it. For 
                         the moment, I'm too shattered.

               Pause.


                         They're dead, Truman. You're alive.


                         It was a terrible experience and I 
                         will never get over it.
                              
                         There wasn't anything I could have 
                         done to save them.

               We hear Nelle light a cigarette.


                         Maybe not.

               We hear her exhale slowly.


                         But the fact is, you didn't want to.

               On Truman,







               Truman, seated on the aisle, next to William Shawn. After a 
               long silence, he extracts from his leather briefcase a PACKAGE 
               wrapped in BROWN PAPER. Hands it to Truman.


                         It came to the hotel this morning. I 
                         told them I'd give it to you.

               The package says KANSAS STATE PENITENTIARY and is addressed 
               to Truman. Truman opens it.

               He takes out PERRY'S NOTEBOOKS -- the DIARY and PERSONAL 
               DICTIONARY. He opens the Diary. Toward the end, he finds 
               Perry's final entry. He READS silently. We hear Perry's VOICE:


                         Did we not know we were to die, we 
                         would be children. By knowing it, we 
                         are given the opportunity to mature 
                         in spirit...

               Truman turns the page. It's BLANK. He closes the Diary.

               We CONTINUE to hear Perry's VOICE as Truman takes out a 
               SNAPSHOT -- the one of Perry  and Linda splashing 
               in the puddle.


                         Some take that opportunity. I hope I 
                         have...

               Truman takes out a PENCIL DRAWING Perry did of him. It's 
               very good, though Truman looks old and weary in it.


                         Life is only the father of wisdom. 
                         Death is the mother.

               Truman finds, at the bottom of the package, his TIE. He takes 
               it out, clutches it.

               Truman grasps for William Shawn's HAND, finds it, holds on 
               tightly. Shawn sits stoically, hoping no one will notice.

               The CAMERA pulls back, up the aisle. Truman clutches the 
               tie, and holds on to Shawn's hand, for dear life.



               TITLE UP: 

               In Cold Blood made Truman Capote the most famous writer in 
               America.

               He never finished another book.

               The epigraph he chose for his last published work reads: 
               "More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered 
               ones. "

               He died in 1984 of complications due to alcoholism.





