






                             Written by

                            Peter Morgan



                          From the novel by

                            David Peace








    Heavy leaden skies over the arachnoid stands and floodlights
    of Elland Road stadium: home to Leeds United football club.

    And rain. Sheets of angry, Yorkshire rain.






    Flashlights pop as DON REVIE, , the most
    successful manager in English football, walks out in front of
    a pack of newspaper and TV REPORTERS. He is flanked by the
    Chairman of Leeds United, , and several
    other white-haired blazer-wearing members of the Board.


           I'm just going to make a brief
           statement.

    CAPTION: "JULY 4th, 1974"

    REVIE stands under a large trophy cabinet, filled with the
    silverware he has won. REPORTERS wait: intimidated. Cowed.

                        REVIE 
           Yesterday afternoon at 3.00, I
           accepted the FA's offer to become the
           next manager of the England national
           football team.

    A gasp among the JOURNALISTS. A burst of flashlights. The
    BOARD MEMBERS look down at the floor in silence. Bereaved
    fathers losing their favourite son.

                        REVIE 
           Obviously that involves me leaving
           Leeds United after 13 happy and
           successful years, which makes me very
           sad. I'd like to think I have built
           the club into a family and there must
           be sadness when anybody leaves a
           family. However, when one man goes,
           another steps into his place. I know
           who I think that person should be, the
           man to replace me, and I shall make my
           feelings clear to the directors. Thank
           you. No further comments.

    REVIE turns and walks out, a volley of REPORTERS shouting
    questions...








    We're in a car. Tarmac passes beneath us. Roadmarkings.

    OVER THIS: the sound of a flat Teeside voice, singing along
    with Frank Sinatra on the radio...


           "Fly me to the Moon.."




    Two young BOYS,  stare out of car windows. Raindrops
    on the panes of glass. Their father, BRIAN CLOUGH, ,
    slick, modern, cocky, handsome. About as big a contrast to
    DON REVIE as it's possible to find, is up front. Driving..


                  
           "And let me play among the stars.."


           When are we there?


           Any moment now. On the right.
                  
           "Let me see what spring is like..."

    The car turns a bend, and suddenly the floodlights and stands
    of a football stadium come into view. The BOYS' eyes widen.


           There it is! Dad! There it is!
    The BOYS smile in excitement.


                  
           "..on Jupiter and Mars.."

    `LEEDS UNITED FOOTBALL CLUB' written on the side of the
    stadium. CLOUGH smiles, then puts his foot down. The car
    accelerates past the turning. The BOYS' smiles fade.


           Where are you going? Dad? You've
           missed it.


           We've something else to do first.
           Won't take long.
                  





                          CLO UGH 
             "In other words, hold my hand. In
             other words, darling kiss me..."

    The MUSIC continues as the car drives on, turning into the
    MUSIC of a television program..




    The `CALENDER' front title sequence, a Yorkshire TV current
    affairs program. We're in a TV studio. The presenter is



             Today we welcome Brian Clough as he
             starts his new job as manager of Leeds
             United, taking over from Don Revie -
             the most successful manager in the
             club's history, under whom Leeds have
             won everything..

             ..not QUITE everything. Not won the
             European Cup...


             ...but pretty much everything else.
             Daunted?


             Daunted? Not at all, Austin. Looking
             forward to it.


             The biggest challenge of your life,
             and you'll be without Peter Taylor,
             for the first time. Your lifelong
             professional colleague.


             Yes, Pete's at Brighton now. He had
             the opportunity to come with me, but
             Brighton was his choice. Leeds was
             mine.


             A surprising choice, some might say.
             Because you've been very vocal in your
             criticism of them over the years.


             I have.









              You've accused players of dirty
              tactics, cheating, dissent, foul play.
              You called Norman Hunter, Norman
              "Bites yer legs" Hunter, you've said
              Peter Lorimer falls when no one
              touches him...


              And I was right.


              I'm curious. Why do you now show such
              alacrity to joining them after such
              vituperative criticism of them for so
              long?


              Goodness, it's going to take me half
              an hour to explain all those words for
              a start.

     Laughter from the camera CREW..

                           CLOUGH 
              Football is a beautiful game, Austin.
              It needs to be played beautifully. I
              think Leeds have sold themselves
              short...




     CLOUGH's interview continues on a TV in a sitting-room, where
     it is being watched by Don Revie, sitting in an armchair...

              ..they've been champions but they've
              not been good champions in the sense
              of wearing the crown well. They've not
              been loved. But then that's hardly
              surprising, given the type of
              operation there's been in place there.




     CLOUGH continues...


              Football clubs are like families,
              footballers are sensitive people. I'd
              like to bring a little warmth into the
              set-up...







              "That type of operation?" I presume
              you're referring to Don Revie..


              I am..




     REVIE continues to watch the TV...


              ..who has long been regarded as a
              father figure in Leeds. And now you're
              coming in as the outsider, the enemy
              even, after all the things you've said
              in public, coming in and taking ouver
              as STEPfather.



     MITCHELL looks up at CLOUGH...










              Don't you expect some degree of
              resentment to this?


              I would accept and expect a
              strangeness, initially, it's   perfectly
              normal. But it won't be long   before
              they realise I'm a fair man.   A kind
              man. And maybe under me they   can
              experience what it's like to   be in a
              happy family, after all.


              How can you be sure they weren't happy
              with Don all along?


              They wouldn't have played football
              that way if they were happy.



     DON REVIE's eyes burn with indignation. He picks up a
     telephone, and angrily starts to dial..




     Here they are. The Leeds PLAYERS. Long hair and long faces.
     Surly. Truculent. Dangerous.

     Out on the practice pitch. In the rain. Some doing warm-up
     exercises. Others milling dangerously in groups. Their names
     on their purple track suits.






     CLOUGH's car pulls up. He and his sons get out. A few waiting
     press. Cameras. Lights. A few FANS with autograph books.


              Where have you been, boss?

     JIMMY GORDON, CLOUGH loyal trainer, his face creased with
     anxiety..


              Directors have been waiting more than
              an hour. C'mon..






    JIMMY GORDON leads CLOUGH past the training pitch. CLOUGH
    looks out..










            Morning lads! Lovely Yorkshire
            weather!
                   
            I tell you makes me want to jump on a
            plane right back to Majorca!

    CLOUGH laughs. The PLAYERS stare in silence. Squinting in the
    drizzle. Condensation coming from their mouths.

    JOHNNY GILES stares. BILLY BREMNER spits and continues
    talking disrespectfully.

                         CLOUGH 
            Not much of a welcome, was it? And not
            so much as a smile from Johnny Giles.


            You're five days late!! And did you
            really need to say that about Majorca?
                   (beat, changing the
                    subject)
            You know he was Revie's first choice
            for getting your job.


            Who? Johnny Giles?

    CLOUGH looks over at GILES, who turns away, resumes
    training....

                         CLOUGH 
            Was he now? And Bremner?


            Club Captain. Don's son and heir. His
            first born. You're never going to get
            any love from him.

    BREMNER, a flint-eyed Scot, stares at CLOUGH..


            Great. Here's to happy fucking
            families.




    JIMMY GORDON leads CLOUGH and his BOYS down a corridor, where
    countless photographs of DON REVIE hang on the walls. Holding
    silverware.

    They pass an open door, with a sign outside, `MANAGER. Mr.
    DON. REVIE.' CLOUGH stops. Looks at the sign.






    Then pushes open the door..






    CLOUGH walks into the manager's office. The empty chair. The
    bare desk. His desk. Don's desk.

    CLOUGH takes a seat in the chair.

    Presently, a middle-aged matron, JEAN REID, Don Revie's
    faithful SECRETARY for 13 years, appears in the doorway..


           Any chance of a cup of tea, duck?


           They're waiting for you. Upstairs.

    CLOUGH swings his feet on the desk.


           Who's that?

           The Directors.


           For me? Why?


           For the board meeting.


           Let them wait. Now, how about that cup
           of tea?

    CLOUGH smiles sweetly, but JEAN stares at CLOUGH. She
    pointedly doesn't move. CLOUGH lowers his feet.

                        CLOUGH 
           All right, I'll go then. Wouldn't want
           to get off on the wrong foot.

    CLOUGH walks over to the door. Looks at the desk.

                        CLOUGH 
           Who's desk is that, love?


           Yours, Mr. Clough.


           Not mine. I didn't put it there, did



           Mr. Revie's.






              Let's get rid of it then, shall we?
              Chairs, too. The whole bloody lot.
              Think it would be best if there were
              nothing of his left here.

     CLOUGH reaches the door..

                           CLOUGH 
              Were you his secretary?


              I was. For thirteen happy years.


              What's your name, pet?


              Jean, Sir. Jean Reid.

              In which case, no offence duck, but
              there's nothing I want typed on paper
              from you other than your resignation.

     She gasps..

                           CLOUGH 
              And you can change the locks on your
              way out. Don't want the ghost of
              troubled Don popping in now, do we?
              Rattling his chains. Scaring my young
              ones.

     CLOUGH puts his arms protectively round the BOYS, and leads
     them out of the door. JEAN REID stares, visibly shaken.




     Half-a-dozen white-haired patriarchs sit at a large table.
     Matching blazers and matching brass. MANNY CUSSINS, SAM


     Aldermen and Rotary club members. Masons and businessmen.

     CLOUGH enters the boardroom. Indicates to JIMMY GORDON to
     look after the BOYS outside. Inside: matching curtains and
     carpets.


              Come in, Brian.

     CLOUGH sits down at the head of the table. Rubs his hands
     together..






              What? No one going to offer me a
              drink? Like an undertakers in here.

     The DIRECTORS shoot looks at one another.


              Why did you do it?


              Do what?


              The interview. For Yorkshire TV.


              We've had a phone-call.


              Not so much a phone-call. Bloody
              tirade.


              From Don. They only went and rung him.
              And ran some of your quotes by him.
              About how unhappy the players were.
              What "bad champions". Looking for a
              response.


                     
              Bloody got one, as well. He's gone
              berserk.


              He had it coming. He shouldn't have
              done that piece in the Mirror should
              he? Saying he thought I was a daft
              choice.


              He's entitled to his opinions.


              And I'm entitled to mine.


                     
              And I'm entitled to MINE.

     The room falls silent. That got everyone's attention.









                            CUSSINS 
               I hired you to do this job because I
               think you're the best young manager in
               the country...


               Thank you. I'm the best old one, too.


               ...I also did it under the assumption
               that you'd be coming here wanting the
               best for the club. For the city of
               Leeds. So why do I still get the
               feeling this is all about you and Don?


               Of course it's just about me and Don.
               Always has been. But instead of
               putting frowns on your foreheads, o ye
               elders of Leeds, in your blazers and
               brass fucking buttons, it should put
               big white Colgate smiles on your big
               white faces, because it means I won't
               sleep and won't eat until I take
               whatever that man's achieved and
               beaten it -- beaten it so I never have
               to hear the name "Don Fucking Revie"
               again -- beat it so the only name
               anyone sings in their Yorkshire ale
               houses, raising their stinking jars to
               their stinking mouths, is Brian
               Clough. Brian Clough uber fucking
               alles. Understand?

     The blazers and brass buttons, WHITE-HAIRED ELDERS of Leeds
     stare at one another.











     CLOUGH sits glued to a wireless in his front room.


            ..Ladies and Gentlemen, the draw for
            the third round of the FA Cup will now
            commence..

     CLOUGH's eyes widen: he calls out to the others..


            C'mon, Pete!


            Number twenty-two..


            Derby County, second division..

            Here we go. That's us..!



     PETER TAYLOR, seven years older than CLOUGH, his closest
     friend, his only true friend, appears breathlessly in the
     doorway back from a fish and chips run...

     ..followed by BARBARA, Clough's wife, and the three
     children..


            Number six..
     ON TV: the BLAZER-WEARING ELDER calls into the microphone..


            Leeds United!


            Against mighty Leeds United..!

     CLOUGH and TAYLOR cry out in shock..


            Leeds..!


            Fucking hell..!


            Don Revie's Leeds! Top of Division
            One! Here we bloody come!






     The telephone rings. CLOUGH picks it up..

                           CLOUGH 
                     (already knowing it'll be

              What do you say to that, Mr. Chairman?




     He's right. It's SAM LONGSON, Chairman of Derby County,
      looks like Krushchev, cue-ball head, voice like a
     power-drill, a tough haulage millionaire..


              I can hear the cash registers now!


              Happy days, Sir. Happy days.

              You're not wrong, Brian. Take the
              family out for a meal. Go to The
              Mumtaz. Tell `em I'm paying.




     CLOUGH hangs up the phone..


              Put the fish and chips in the bin.
              Tonight's on Uncle Sam. We're going
              posh. Chicken fucking bhuna in town.
     General excitement. Everyone starts putting on their coats.




     CLOUGH stands with two men in overalls, indicating a fading
     `Visitors' sign...


              Right, you two, I want Billy Bremner
              and Johnny Giles to be able to read

                     
              And this woodwork has seen better
              days..






     `Crash', the following morning, CLOUGH bursts through swing
     doors, and into corridors with the CLEANERS...










              Spick and span, understand? Wash these
              walls down. Give the floors a proper
              polish.




     CLOUGH inspects the pitch with the HEAD GROUNDSMAN..


              I want it perfect. Like a fucking
              carpet. We've got proper footballers
              coming. Who know how to keep the ball
              on the deck.


              Well, you can't fucking train on it
              then.



     The Derby PLAYERS train on a football pitch in a public park.
     CLOUGH turns to TAYLOR..


              You know he'll be making a file on us.
              A dossier.


              Who?


              Don Revie. Prepares a file on every
              game. Leaves nothing to chance. Knows
              every opponents formations.
              Strategies. Everything.


              I've heard he's a superstitious twat.
                     
              Ey..! Help him, someone HELP him..!


              We grew up just a few streets apart,
              you know. In Middlesborough, close to
              Ayrsome Park. He'll have known my
              street, Valley Road - probably bought
              sweets from Garnetts Factory, where my
              dad worked.


              Heard he wears the same suit to every
              game. His "lucky blue suit".




                           TAY LOR 
              And he doesn't care for ornamental
              birds. C'mon, who's covering him...!










             The best manager in the country, Don
             Revie. Played for Sunderland, like me,
             as a centre-forward, like me, and
             England, like me.


                    
             C'mon, give it and go!


             Peas in a pod, me and Don. Two peas in
             a fucking pod.




     CLOUGH in early. Before anyone. In shirtsleeves, sweeping
     corridors. Straightens photos on the wall.



     CLOUGH polishing the sign, `VISITORS' on the dressing-room
     door.




     CLOUGH on his knees, scrubbing, cleaning baths in the
     visiting team's washrooms.



     CLOUGH puts on his suit. Ties his tie. He takes a bottle of
     vintage red wine from a cupboard.

     He places the bottles on his desk. Then puts two cut crystal
     glasses on his desk. His and Don's.

     A flicker of jealousy on PETER TAYLOR's face, almost like a
     wife - hurt that his friend is making such an effort for
     someone else.

     A knock on the door. JIMMY GORDON appears in the doorway..


             They're here!
                    
             Well, almost..






     CLOUGH rushes out of the doors, straightening his cuffs,
     straightening his hair, buttoning his jacket. First out to
     greet the arriving team.

     He turns the corner to see the LEEDS COACH a hundred yards
     down the street, the PLAYERS getting off the coach and
     walking towards him..


            What are they doing?


            They've run out of petrol.


            No, it's that superstition, isn't it?
            Every away cup ties, Revie makes them
            walk the last hundred yards.
     TAYLOR mutters under his breath, "Soppy twat".

     CLOUGH cranes his neck. Watches DON REVIE, 40's. Thick-set.
     Severe, forbidding, intimidating, in a huddle with his
     coaching staff, Les Cocker and Syd Owen. His henchmen. His
     assassins. His "Goodfellas". His right and left hand.

     CLOUGH walks towards him. Hand outstretched..


            Welcome to Derby, Don. Pleasure to
            meet you. I'm Brian Clough.

     But REVIE walks past without shaking hands, without talking,
     without even breaking stride..

     ..and disappears into the stadium, deep in conversation with
     Les Cocker and Syd Owen.

     CLOUGH stares. Hand still outstretched. He looks over at
     PETER TAYLOR, who can't help smiling, `Forget it'.

     TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON walk off, but CLOUGH still stares at
     REVIE in disbelief.




     The LEEDS PLAYERS run out onto the pitch: HUNTER, MADELY,
     BREMNER, GILES, REANEY, JONES, in a line, waving to the
     crowd, turning North, South, East, West...





                                                                             15aA


     TAYLOR rubs his hands in excitement, "Here we go". But CLOUGH
     is miles away. Still cannot let the insult go. He stares over
     at the visiting team dug-out..









     REVIE and his lieutenants. Whispering among themselves.
     Huddled in thought. Huddled in strategy. Huddled in
     malevolence.

     Presently, the game starts. A roar from the crowd.









     "Beeeep", the REF's whistle blows. A Derby PLAYER rolls in
     agony, cries out, a terrible, cynical challenge. Horrified,
     JIMMY GORDON and PETER TAYLOR up on thier feet in protest..


             Referee..!

     CLOUGH looks over to REVIE's bench. Sees REVIE and SYD OWEN
     quietly applauding the Leeds PLAYER. Encouraging more of the
     same. As the Derby PLAYER is stretchered off..

     Presently, RRROOOOAAAARRRRR goes up. Goal Leeds. REVIE and
     his henchmen get to their feet. Applauding. 1-0.

     TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON immediately start shouting out
     encouragement to the Derby PLAYERS, new instructions, as the
     game restarts..

                          TAYLOR 
             C'mon, keep your shape! Close him
             down!


             Think, Alan! To feet!


             Now sent it out wide!

     CLOUGH doesn't join in. He continues to stare at REVIE in his
     dugout.

     Suddenly:

     "Beeep!", whistle! Penatly Leeds! CLOUGH leaps off the bench
     in outrage. Screaming, on his feel, protesting in disbelief..

             What? He didn't fucking touch him!
             Ref! He DIVED! He fucking dived!

     REVIE shaking hands with his COLLEAGUES. Smiling amongst
     themselves. Congratulating themselves. Celebrating.

     The inevitable roar as Leeds convert, followed by,
     "Beeeeeep", the sound of the final WHISTLE. CLOUGH stares in
     disbelief. Robbed. Deflated.

     The REFEREE blows the whistle for the end of the game.

     CLOUGH watches as REVIE and SYD OWEN brush past, shaking
     PETER TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON's hands, (assuming TAYLOR's the
     manager), on their way to the dressing-rooms, their minds
     already on their next game...

     CLOUGH stares as they go..

                                                                          16aA




     The two empty glasses waiting on the table.












              Didn't say good-bye. Or pay me the
              respect of staying for a drink.
              Couldn't wait to get away.

     Through the front door we see: DON REVIE, SYD OWEN and LES
     COCKER walking to their bus, chuckling to themselves, deep in
     discussion, already thinking about the next match.


              Bloody cheats and all. Neither of
              those goals should have been allowed.

     But CLOUGH doesn't hear...


              Just going to have to beat them, Pete.
              Beat him it's the last thing I do.


              We need to get into the same division
              first.










             We need someone with a good head.
             Experience.


             I know. Our lot were like headless
             chickens out there today.

     CLOUGH turns to TAYLOR...


             First thing Monday morning, I want you
             to go and find me that player. A wise
             head.

     TAYLOR opens his mouth, is about to protest..

                          CLOUGH 
             And don't worry about the money.
             That's my problem. Just you go and
             find him.

     CLOUGH's face: watching the Leeds PLAYERS board the bus...






     CLOUGH's face: staring out at the Leeds PLAYERS waiting on
     the training pitch. A deep breath.


             Right. Better go and make myself
             known.
     CLOUGH removes his jacket. JIMMY GORDON and CLOUGH's SONS
     watch as he walks out onto the training pitch...




     CLOUGH walks out into the drizzle and towards the LEEDS



                    
             All right, gentlemen, gather around,
             please.

     The players truculently gather round. CLOUGH watches them,
     notes their mood, then..

                          CLOUGH 
             I might as well tell you now.




                           CLO UGH 
              You lot may all be internationals and
              have won all the domestic honours
              there are to win under Don Revie, but
              as far as I'm concerned, the first
              thing you can do for me is to chuck
              all your medals and all your caps and
              all your pots and all your pans into
              the biggest fucking dustbin you can
              find because you've never won any of
              them fairly. You've done it all by
              bloody cheating.

     Silence from the PLAYERS..

                           CLOUGH 
              Mr. William Bremner. You're the
              captain. And a good one. But you're no
              good to the team and you're no good to
              me if you're suspended. I need you fit
              for every game, and I want good,
              clean, attractive football from my
              captain. Setting an example.

     CLOUGH turns to PETER LORIMER.

                           CLOUGH 
              Mr. Lorimer, I hope you were listening
              because you're as good a footballer as
              I've ever seen, but you know how I
              feel about the way Don let you
              harangue referees, fall over when
              you've not been touched, protesting
              and pointing, trying to get other
              players booked. We'll have no more of
              that.
     CLOUGH turns to JOHNNY GILES..

                           CLOUGH 
              And you, Irishman. God gave you skill,
              intelligence, and the best passing
              ability in the game. What God did not
              give you was six studs to wrap around
              another player's knee.


              I don't know what you're talking
              about.

     CLOUGH turns to NORMAN HUNTER...


              But you do, though, "Bites yer Legs".








            People kick me, I kick them back.










             Not with me as manager. Do that on my
             watch, you'll be fined and stuck in
             the reserves.
                    
             Things are going to be a little
             different around here. Without Don.
             Might feel a little strange at first.
             Might pinch a little. Like a new pair
             of shoes. But if you want your
             grandchildren to remember you for
             being something other than the dirty
             buggers you all were, if you want to
             be loved as REAL champions, WORTHY
             champions, you're going to have to
             work. And improve. And change.
                    
             Now let's start off by playing some
             seven-a-sides.
     PLAYERS stare at one another. Bristling. Disbelieving looks.


             Don never did that.


             Well, I'm not Don. And from now on I
             never want to hear that man's name
             again. Ever. Next player who mentions
             it, or what he did or didn't bloody do
             in the good ol' days, will spend a
             week cleaning my boots.
                    
             Seven-a-side. Keep it nice and clean,
             and sensible. No fifty-fifty's.
     CLOUGH sees that one side is a man short..

                          CLOUGH 
             Right, I'll play myself. You might
             learn something, Irishman. Two hundred
             and fifty-one goals in two hundred and
             seventy-four starts.

     CLOUGH skillfully traps the ball between his feet, flips it
     up onto this head - down onto his chest, then "WHAM" volleys
     it into a distant goal..

                          CLOUGH 
             Like to see Don fucking Revie do that,
             eh?

     CLOUGH removes his track suit trousers, rolls his neck. JIMMY
     GORDON quickly divides the players into two teams, blows the
     whistle..





     The game starts. CLOUGH, leading by example, anxious to prove
     himself, is soon darting about, calling out...

                          CLOUGH 
                    
             Here, son. To feet. Keep it simple.
             Think and give. On the deck. Nice and
             crisp. Yes, to me, Sniffer. To me.

     CLARKE passes the ball. But it's a fifty-fifty. Another
     player bears down on CLOUGH..who refuses to pull out..

     "CRUNCH", a bone-shaking tackle from "BITES YER LEGS".

                          CLOUGH 
             Oh, Jeeeeeesussss!!!

     CLOUGH is flattened. Rolls around on the floor. JIMMY GORDON
     runs up to NORMAN HUNTER..

             Fucking matter with you? He said no
             fifty-fifty's.

     HUNTER aggressively steps forward. Nose to nose. He is
     immediately flanked by other aggressive Leeds PLAYERS.
     Crowding the referee. Intimidating him.


             What are you going to do about it?
             Book me?

     JIMMY GORDON backs off, visibly frightened. CLOUGH lies on
     the floor. In agony. Holding his knee.



     CLOUGH listens to the PLAYERS laughing at him. Disrespecting
     him. His face darkens.


                    
             "Two hundred and fifty-one goals in
             two hundred and seventy-four starts."

     The sound of coarse, cruel laughter among the LEEDS PLAYERS.
     JIMMY GORDON appears, CLOUGH's two SONS in tow..


             I've got what you were looking for.

     JIMMY holds up a large parcel wrapped in brown paper.
     CLOUGH's expression changes.







              What about the petrol?


              In the boot of the car.


              Good lad.




     CLOUGH limps down a corridor. In a thunderous mood. Holding
     the parcel. PEOPLE scatter.




     The door flies open. CLOUGH storms into his office. He walks
     over to the desk. DON REVIE's desk.
     He unwraps the parcel, and takes out an axe.


              Stand back.

     CLOUGH's SONS watch as their father violently swings the axe
     down onto the desk. The sickening sound of splintering wood.




     CLOUGH watches the desk burn in a small bonfire outside.
     MANNY CUSSINS and several DIRECTORS walk out.
     They are surprised to see CLOUGH by the fire holding an
     axe...


              Everything all right?


                     (sunny, waving with the
                      axe)
              Fine thank you, Mr. Cussins.

     CLOUGH smiles politely, then turns, and walks to his car. The
     DIRECTORS watch..








     "Rrrriiinnnggg", the phone rings. CLOUGH and his FAMILY are
     having Sunday lunch. BARBARA CLOUGH looks up..


            Not now, love - please?

     "Rrrrriinnngggg". The phone rings. CLOUGH tries to ignore it.


            But it might be Pete.


                   
            Of course it's Pete.

     "Rrrriiinnngggg", CLOUGH tries to eat, then..


            But it might be important.
                   
            C'mon, eat your carrots. For your
            Mother.

     CLOUGH gets up. Walks out of the room..




     PETER TAYLOR, similarly in disgrace with his family,
     similarly unable to go a single Sunday lunch without calling
     CLOUGH, whispers down the phone, terrified of his wife..


            You asked me to find a player with a
            good head. Experience.
                   
            I've found one! He's perfect. Dave
            Mackay.


            Dave Mackay?!? He's a hundred and
            fucking fifty.


            I admit he's not young.


            Not young? He's old as fucking time!


            But he's clever, keeps the ball well.
            And passes it better than anyone
            alive.





     A voice calls from TAYLOR's dining-room..


              Pete...! That's enough! Come back!


                     
              He's the one, Brian.


              You sure?


              Never been more sure of anything in my
              life.


              All right, I'll talk to Longson in the
              morning.

              We haven't got until morning. Hearts
              have already made him an offer. Want
              him as their manager. Apparently
              they've already agreed terms.


              Well, what did you fucking call me for
              then?


              Because when I asked Bill Nick how
              done the deal was - he said ninety-
              nine per cent.
     CLOUGH's face.


              Meaning he hasn't signed.


              Exactly.




     BARBARA CLOUGH rolls her eyes, puts down her cutlery, and
     calls out..


              All right, Brian. Enough. Come back
              now..

     No answer. BARBARA tuts to herself. Gets up from the table.
     She walks out of the dining-room, calling out..





                            BARBARA 
               C'mon, that's enough...




     ..and into the hall. BARBARA stops. She looks left and right.
     No sign.


               Brian..? Love..?







     CLOUGH and TAYLOR emerge from a roadside cafe and walk
     towards their car. They've missed Sunday lunch. So it's
     Crisps. Sweets. Fizzy drinks. Almost childlike. Happier in
     one another's company than with their own families.


               Where would we play him?


               In the middle of the park. Somewhere
               he can see everything, use his loaf,
               and tell the kids what to do.


               We'll play him as a sweeper, then.


                      
               Aye.

     They climb into the waiting car...


               Won't have to run about too much. And
               what's all this I hear about a tie
               shop?


               He's got a tie shop, hasn't he? In
               London. Which he spends two days a
               week at.

     CLOUGH starts the engine...


               Fucking tie shop?







              It's his "nest egg". For the future.










             No one's going to be wearing fucking
             ties in twenty years time.

     CLOUGH and TAYLOR both giggle. Like kids. The car pulls
     off...

                          CLOUGH 
             Hope his footballing brain is better
             than his business brain.




     CLOUGH's car pulls up outside a house in a quiet terraced
     road in North London. TAYLOR checks it against the address on
     a piece of paper. The two men get out of the car...


             You know it's illegal. To sign someone
             on the sabbath.


             Is it?
                    
             Then perhaps we should just shake on
             it today? And sign tomorrow?


             What? And let Hearts in again in the
             morning? Fuck off.
                    
             I'm not leaving here without a
             signature.
     CLOUGH and TAYLOR walk up the garden path..

                          CLOUGH 
             You'd bloody DO that, too - wouldn't
             you? Come all this way, then just
             "shake hands"?
                    
             Dear oh dear. What would you DO
             without me?


             Hey, you would never have FOUND him if
             it weren't for me.

     CLOUGH stops, rings the doorbell. Looks at TAYLOR.


             Good job we're both wearing ties.







     `Snap', the door opens to reveal DAVE MACKAY, a thick set,
     dark-haired bull of a man, with a thick Scots accent. CLOUGH
     smiles ear to ear..

                           CLOUGH 
              Jehova's Witness, Dave! May the Lord
              be with you!


              Who the bloody hell are you?


              My name's Brian Clough, and I once had
              the pleasure of playing for England
              against you in an Under-23 match.


              I remember you now. You had a black
              eye, a right bloody shiner.
                     
              And never stopped fucking talking!
              What are you doing here?


              Come to talk to you about the Promised
              Land, Dave. Land of Milk and Honey.
              It's a little place up the M1 called
              Derby.
                     
              May we come in?




     CLOUGH, TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON training with the Derby
     PLAYERS. SAM LONGSON, , Chairman of Derby County
     approaches, visibly angry..


              Dave Mackay??


              You don't look happy, Uncle Sam.


              I'm not. What were you thinking? Going
              over my head like that? Why didn't you
              call?


              Because you'd have said `no'.










              Bloody right I'd have said `no'. The
              man's bloody crocked.


              Pete reckons he's good for three more
              years.


              Is he fuck. He's broken more bones
              than Evel Knievel.


              Trust me, Mr. Chairman. It's money
              well spent.

     LONGSON turns and double-takes....


              And who the FUCK are they?

              That'd be Messrs. McGovern and O'Hare.



              Afternoon/Hello!


                     
              Where did they come from?


              My old stomping grounds. Hartlepools
              and Sunderland. Very reasonable, too.

     CLOUGH smiles..

                           CLOUGH 
              Just doing what's best for the club.


              That'd be MY club, Brian. MY club.




     `Flash', DAVE MACKAY, JOHN MCGOVERN and JOHN O'HARE wearing
     Derby strip, poses under the Derby County sign for
     photographs with CLOUGH and TAYLOR..






     CLOUGH and TAYLOR watch from the touchline as their new team
     led by MACKAY plays in a match. CLOUGH watches in
     admiration...










              You're a genius, Pete. Bloody genius.
              How did you see it?

     On the training ground: DAVE MACKAY, barrel-chested and
     older, voice like a bullhorn, is already bossing about the
     young players, urging them to "think"..


              Dunno. It was just obvious. McGovern
              in midfield, Mackay at the back,
              O'Hare up front. The skewer isn't it?
              In the shish kebab.

     CLOUGH watches MACKAY passing the ball, creating space..


              It's beautiful. A thing of fucking
              beauty!!
     CLOUGH grabs TAYLOR's head, kisses him. OVER THIS: we fade in
     the roar from the crowd...






     GOAL!! Derby score. CLOUGH and TAYLOR leap to their feet.





     GOAL!! Derby score. CLOUGH and TAYLOR leap to their feet.






     GOAL!! Derby score. CLOUGH and TAYLOR leap to their feet.




     Of DERBY winning the championship. Of NEWS STATIONS
     announcing it in the Midlands.




     A large, swanky house, as befits the multi-millionaire owner
     of a successful haulage business.





     SAM LONGSON, BRIAN CLOUGH, PETER TAYLOR and DAVE MACKAY are
     all celebrating with all their families.

     The trophy is centre-stage. CLOUGH sings a Sinatra classic..


              "Love and marriage, love and marriage,
              it's an institute you can't
              disparage.."

     To everyone's amusement: CLOUGH sings to PETER TAYLOR, not
     his own wife..

                           CLOUGH 
              "Try, try, try to separate them, it's
              an illusion. Try, try, try and you
              will only come to this conclusion.."

     In another corner: MACKAY is amiably ribbing LONGSON..

              ..."the man's crocked", "older than
              time" "broken more bones than Evel
              Knievel?"


              All right, I admit it, I was wrong.

     LONGSON starts eating his trademark felt hat. Much cheering
     as he munches in disgust and swallows with difficulty.

     Suddenly, DAVE MACKAY looks up, sees the television. Calls
     for quiet!!

     ON TV: a live awards presentation. From London. DON REVIE is
     being presented with an award...


              ..for Leeds to win the First Division
              title, and for me to be named as
              English Manager of the year...feels
              like a dream come true...

     CLOUGH watches. His expression changes. His eyes burn into
     REVIE's.


              You enjoy it, Don. Go home, put your
              feet up and fucking enjoy it. There's
              a good lad. Because we'll be in the
              First Division next season. And we're
              going to have you!

     Loud CHEERS from LONGSON, TAYLOR, MACKAY and CLOUGH. OVER
     THIS: we fade in the sound of roaring...












     ARCHIVE TV FOOTAGE: Wembley Stadium on Charity Shield day.
     The opening of the 1974/5 season.


            The twin towers of Wembley Stadium,
            the cathedral of English football on a
            glorious late-summer's day... good
            afternoon everyone, it's the Charity
            Shield, the opening Saturday of the
            1974 season, and a first chance to get
            a look at Brian Clough's Leeds...






     DON REVIE is being interviewed by a TV JOURNALIST in
     sheepskin coat and headphones..


            Will you be supporting Leeds today,
            Don?


            You'd expect nothing less having been
            their manager for 13 years. But the
            fact is I'm here today as manager of
            England...


            Do you have any advice to give your
            successor, Brian Clough, before his
            first game?
     A mischievous smile barely perceptible of REVIE's face..


            Win. The people of Leeds are used to
            winning.




     CLOUGH with the LEEDS TEAM in the dressing-room before kick
     off. PLAYERS changing. The stink of Ralgex. PHYSIOS bandaging
     the injured. JIMMY GORDON massaging one or two players.


            Right, the team for today is: Harvey
            in goal, Reaney, Cherry, Bremner,
            McQueen, Hunter, Lorimer, Clarke,
            Jordan, Giles, Gray.

     CLOUGH folds a piece of paper. A flicker of vulnerability.

                         CLOUGH 
            Obviously all eyes will be on us to
            see how things have changed. Without
            Don. What might be different under me.
            Let's show them some of the things
            we've been working on. Our changes in
            attitude, too. Our new outlook. New
            discipline. New approach.
                   
            Let's see some of you playing with a
            smile.

     Team talk over: the PLAYERS put on their shoes. Make final
     preparations.






      The two teams are limbering up in the tunnel. CLOUGH takes
      his place ahead of BILLY BREMNER..










               Of course, it goes without saying I'd
               like you to continue as Club Captain.

      Silence. BREMNER continues to limber up...

                            CLOUGH 
               You know, son, I've nothing but the
               highest regard for you as a player.

      They PLAYERS get the instruction to walk out, towards the
      roar of the crowd...

                            CLOUGH 
               In fact, I wrote you a card saying as
               much. Did you not get it? From
               Majorca?

      The roar of the CROWD grows louder...
                            CLOUGH 
               Saying how excited I was to be taking
               this job. How much I thought we could
               achieve together. And inviting you and
               your family down to our place in Calla
               Major any time you like?


               Never got it.

      They walk out into the ROAR of the crowd....



      DON REVIE sits in the stadium watching as:

      CLOUGH leads his Leeds PLAYERS out. 67,000 FANS screaming and
      shouting.

      A stony-faced BREMNER behind him.




      CLOUGH's face in close-up. Singing the National Anthem.

      He sees REVIE in the crowd.

      CLOUGH's eyes.

      REVIE's eyes.

      All around them,  67,000 belting out "God
      Save The Queen". But there might as well not be.





     It's just REVIE and CLOUGH.









     ARCHIVE FOOTAGE: the National Anthem finishes. A great ROAR
     goes up.




     The game is underway. The T.V. match COMMENTATORS can hardly
     believe what they are seeing, (we catch snippets of
     FLICKERING ARCHIVE FOOTAGE on their monitors)...


             Kevin Keegan goes to ground....rolling
             around on the pitch....that almost
             looked like Johnny Giles's fist made
             contact with Kevin Keegan's face...it
             was!...the referee's pulled out his
             book...now a fight has broken out!



     On the pitch: BREMNER and KEEGAN have started fighting..


             Billy Bremner of Leeds and Kevin
             Keegan of Liverpool have come to
             blows...




     CLOUGH watches from the dug-out. Unable to believe his eyes..


             For fuck's sake..

             ...the referee is talking to his
             linesman..! He's sending them off! The
             referee is sending off both players..




     BILLY BREMNER walks off, angrily removing his shirt..




     ARCHIVE FOOTAGE: Liverpool lift the CUP aloft. Delirious
     cheering from their FANS...






     The Leeds coach had pulled up and the players are all having
     a piss-break. Among them CLOUGH..


                   
            Because losing wasn't enough, was it?
            You only had to be the first
            Englishman to be sent off at Wembley.

     Our CAMERA widens to reveal BILLY BREMNER pissing in line
     with NORMAN HUNTER and JOHNNY GILES..


                   
            Not fucking English.


            There I am making a big song and dance
            to the media about our new approach.
            Our new attitude. Our new ethics. And
            you turn the place into fucking
            Verdun. My CAPTAIN.

     Silence. CLOUGH shakes himself dry.

                         CLOUGH 
            What am I going to do if they suspend
            you? You're my best player. I tell
            you, I've a mind to fine you two weeks
            wages!


            You can't do that! Mr. Revie always
            paid all our fines.


            Well he's not fucking here now, is he?


            No, he's not.

     BREMNER, GILES AND HUNTER turn. Walks back towards the bus.

                         BREMNER 
            More's the fucking pity.






     DON REVIE's face: he watches through a window in Elland Road,
     as....






     The Derby Coach arrives. Hydraulic brakes HISSSSSSS. Doors
     open. Boots, shoes, walk down steps.

     BRIAN CLOUGH, PETER TAYLOR and the Derby Army disembark.
     CLOUGH's face: as he looks up at the writing on the side of
     the stadium. LEEDS UNITED F.C.




     Some PLAYERS getting dressed. CLOUGH, TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON
     massaging others. Shin-pads. Water-bottles.


            Right, last time there was a whole
            division between you and Leeds. Not
            now. Not today. Today we're here as
            Second Division champions, and equals
            with Leeds. John McGovern and Billy
            Bremner, EQUALS. Kevin Hector and
            Johnny Giles, EQUALS. Alan Hinton and
            Peter Lorimer, John O'Hare and Paul
            Madely. EQUALS. Now, c'mon, chins up.
            Chests out. We can take this fucking
            lot.

     The PLAYERS clatter out, studs rattling down the tunnel, into
     the roar of the CROWD..





     CLOUGH and TAYLOR in a deserted bar. Alone. A television
     plays in the corner. DON REVIE's face on TV...


            ...obviously it's a terrific
            achievement for Derby, being promoted
            to the First Division, but the truth
            is Leeds United have an unfortunate
            habit of reminding them just how far
            they still have to go..


            Arrogant twat..


            But he's right. Five nothing. They
            made us look like fools today. And
            what was John O'Hare doing? Letting
            Madeley bully him like that.




                           CLO UGH 
              Push him around. Madeley's half his
              bloody size. O'Hare needs to toughen
              up. He's from Scottish dockyards,
              isn't he? And what about John
              McGovern? He was useless in the
              middle. Who's idea was that?


              Yours.


              He was all over the place. Like the
              Wandering Jew. Giving the ball to
              anyone BUT his own. We need a ball
              player, a natural in midfield. Who'll
              hold onto it. Keep possession. We're
              giving it away too easily.


              Someone like Colin Todd.

                     
              Oooh, now you're talking. Lovely pair
              of feet.


              I've heard he wants out of Sunderland,
              too. They're all jumping ship up
              there.

     CLOUGH thinks for a moment, then...


              Well, go on then. Sign him.

              What? We can't. Longson's already told
              us. Club's in debt.


              Bollocks to that. I've not brought us
              all the way to the First Division just
              to sit there mid-table, and be cannon
              fodder for sides like Leeds. Sign the
              man.


              Hang on, hang on, careful...


              I'll handle bloody Longson.






     CLOUGH is working a session with the Derby PLAYERS. A car
     screeches into the car park behind. A red-faced, apoplectic
     SAM LONGSON gets out..


            A hundred and seventy grand?!? For
            Colin fucking Todd?!?


            Correction, the ALMIGHTY Colin Todd.
            The best technical footballer in the
            country.


            A salary of three hundred quid a week?
            You can't pay a footballer that!!


            That's the way things are going, Uncle
            Sam. Football's all about money now.


            I told you never to go over my head
            again.


            Had no choice. Windows opened up. You
            were in the bloody West Indies.


            WindowS? You mean there were others?!?


            Messrs. Gemmell and Hennessy.

     Two PLAYERS turn and wave to LONGSON..


            Afternoon!/Hello!


                   
            For fucks SAKE!


            Let me ask you a question, Uncle Sam.
            What did you come into football for?


            To support the football club in MY
            HOME TOWN. The club I've supported ALL








              Well, I'm sure we all admire your
              loyalty...


              What I DIDN'T come into it for was to
              be lectured by a cocky little twat
              from the North East.


              But the way I see it, there's no point
              being in this game unless you want to
              beat the best, and be the best, and
              that's all the people of Derby want.
              To see their team on top of the tree,
              Derby, Derby Uber Alles, and if it's
              really their interest you have at
              heart, not just impressing your
              friends in the Director's box, I
              suggest you keep your eyes on your
              road haulage business, keep your
              opinions to yourself and start signing
              some fucking cheques, there's a good
              lad. Leave the running of this
              football club to the professionals.


              But professionals DON'T run the club,
              Brian, the Chairman does. And if it's
              true, that football is all about
              money, and that's the way it's going,
              that's suits us Chairmen just fucking
              fine..because we're the ones who've
              got it.
     SAM LONGSON lights a cigar, and walks off.




     The Leeds coach pulls into the Derby car park. Doors open.
     DON REVIE and SYD OWEN disembark.

     Followed by the Leeds PLAYERS. Smoking. Side-burns. Long-
     haired assassins one and all.




     CLOUGH and TAYLOR watch from an upstairs corridor window..


              See they've driven all the way into
              the car park this time.







              It's not a cup game, is it?

     CLOUGH and TAYLOR look at one another, "Nutter".




     An atmosphere of expectation and excitement.

     Outside, the sound of the crowd. The sound of tannoy
     announcements. CLOUGH goes to JOHN MCGOVERN..


              You know what your job is today?


              Yes, Boss. Stay in position. Keep the
              shape. "Stop being the Wandering Jew".

              Good lad. And enjoy it. You deserve
              to. You've worked hard this week.

     CLOUGH moves to JOHN O'HARE.

                           CLOUGH 
              Clear about what you're doing today?


              Be big. Be strong. Any chance I get,
              flatten Paul fucking Madely.


              Good lad. He bullies you, you bully
              him back. And near post for the
              corners we worked on.


              Yes, Boss.

     CLOUGH moves to another PLAYER. 


              Understand what I want from you today,
              son?


                     
              I should, Mr. Clough. It's simple
              enough.










              Go on, let's hear it.


              "To be Colin fucking Todd, the best
              technical footballer in the country."

     Laughter in the dressing-room.


              There, how could you forget that? Now
              come on..
                     
              Up and at `em!

     CLOUGH holds the door open, shaking each and every one of the
     PLAYERS' hands as they clatter out into the tunnel..



     CLOUGH sits in his dug-out. While JIMMY GORDON and TAYLOR are
     calling out instructions to the Derby players on the pitch...

     CLOUGH stares at REVIE and his lieutenants in their
     neighbouring dug-out.

     Presently...CLOUGH's view, and our frame is filled by two
     wheel-chairs carrying disabled/learning difficulties FANS
     wearing rosettes...

     The wheel-chair FAN looks at CLOUGH for a beat, then
     violently shakes a rattle...




     CLOUGH's face: shocked. Then, all of a sudden....

     "RRRRROOOOOOOAAAAAARRRRRR", a roar goes up. Goal Leeds. REVIE
     and his henchmen leap to their feet, delighted. Applauding.

     The WHEEL-CHAIR FAN screams with delight. Makes a `wanker'
     gesture in CLOUGH's face.

     CLOUGH's face: darkening like thunder.






     The DERBY PLAYERS sit in the dressing-room. Shaking.
     Terrified. Trying to hide, find shelter, find protection.






     Already fearing the rocket they will get, the lash of his
     tongue..

     Presently, the door opens, and CLOUGH walks in, carrying a
     bottle of brandy, Remy Martin.


              Congratulations, lads! Beautiful! That
              was as perfect a half of terrible
              football as I've ever seen. The plan
              you've obviously been hatching to get
              me the sack has worked a treat, so you
              deserve a little celebration...

     CLOUGH pours brandy into a tea-cup, gives it to a PLAYER..

                           CLOUGH 
              You do want me to get the sack?


              No, Boss.


              Then why the fuck did you give it to
              their most dangerous player, Johnny
              fucking Giles?


              I didn't see him.

     CLOUGH turns to another PLAYER, , pours him a
     shot of cognac...


              You want me to get the sack, Mr
              O'Hare?


              No, Boss.


              That open goal? Looked like a
              deliberate fucking miss to me. A miss
              to get your manager the sack.

     CLOUGH turns to a third PLAYER, , hands him a
     cup..

                           CLOUGH 
              You do want me to get the sack, Mr.
              Todd?


              No.







             No what?


             No, Boss.


             The amount of bloody money I paid for
             you, I must have been out of my mind.
             You can't even keep on your feet.


             No, Boss.

     CLOUGH turns, and faces the room.


             You've all done a terrific job of
             getting me the sack. So I'm not
             letting you out of here for the second
             half, until you've finished the
             bottle.

     The PLAYERS stare at one another, holding their drinks.

                             CLOUGH 


     The PLAYERS nervously down their drinks. CLOUGH exits..




     CLOUGH walks out to see PETER TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON waiting
     - who were listening through the door..

             You can't do that!!

     CLOUGH winks...


             Can't I? Just you fucking watch me!!

     CLOUGH storms off. PETER TAYLOR is left alone. Looks pale.
     Momentarily holds his chest...


             You all right?


             Yeah....fine.

     TAYLOR indicates JIMMY's cigarettes.






                           TAYLOR 
              Giz a fag.






     The Derby PLAYERS run out, belching, watched and encouraged
     by PETER TAYLOR...

     JIMMY GORDON emerges from the dressing-room, holding the
     empty bottle of Scotch...


                   
            Where's he gone now?




     CLOUGH pacing in his office. Unable to watch. Like an
     expectant father.

     Presently the building reverberates with a large...


     A goal. But scored by whom? Derby or Leeds?

     CLOUGH looks up at the clock. The clock on the wall shows
     it's 4.20.

     Visibly anxious, CLOUGH starts pacing again. Presently,
     another deafening...



     The building is almost brought to it's foundations..

     CLOUGH looks up. Desperate to know. Derby or Leeds?
     But it's only 4.35. Game still not over. Not by a long way.

     CLOUGH carries on pacing. Walks from one side of the room to
     the next. Left to right. Right to left.

     Then, another stadium-shaking..



     CLOUGH looks up at the clock. 4.55.

     This is intolerable. The game must be over now.

     CLOUGH cannot bear it a moment longer. He opens the door.






     CLOUGH walks down a corridor. Then runs. Then checks himself.
     Slows down. Dignity. Dignity. But still walks as fast as he
     can.

     CLOUGH turns a corner to the dressing-rooms and the tunnel,
     then sees PETER TAYLOR up ahead entering the tunnel from the
     pitch with several Derby PLAYERS..

     CLOUGH stops. TAYLOR looks up. Sees CLOUGH. Their eyes meet.
     CLOUGH's eyes. TAYLOR's eyes.

     Words are not necessary. TAYLOR's smile says it all. CLOUGH
     runs towards TAYLOR. The two men embrace.


            And..?





            Who scored?


            O'Hare. A brace. Oh, Brian, you should
            have seen his first. Turns Bremner
            inside out, nutmegs Madeley for good
            measure. It was beautiful. You'd think
            he'd been born in Rio de Janeiro, not
            Aber-bloody-deen..

     CLOUGH and TAYLOR walk off down the corridor.
                         TAYLOR 
            What made you go for the Brandy?


            They were just nervous. Shitting
            themselves. You could tell.


            You're a bloody genius. I tell you
            what, Bri - if we can beat this lot,
            we can go all the way.






      Derby win against Ipswich Town - 1-0







      Derby win against Sheffield United - 4-0







      Derby beat Huddersfield Town - 3-0






      A NEWSREADER announces that Derby County have won the First
      Division Championship.




      The DERBY PLAYERS celebrate in a communal bath, holding the
      trophy, drinking champagne. Spraying one another with water.



      CLOUGH, TAYLOR and ROY MACFARLAND hold aloft a large trophy,
      travelling on board an open-top bus, through Derby. The whole
      town has taken to the streets.




      CLOUGH, still celebrating, and still surrounded by PLAYERS
      and FANS


             Derby County winning the championship
             is a victory for decency, for honesty
             and for football. Because they don't
             pull shirts, or nudge people in the
             back in the box.





                           CLO UGH 
              They don't protest every decision,
              chop, hack or bully - unlike some
              teams I could mention - beginning with
              the letter `L'..

     JOURNALISTS laugh...

                           CLOUGH 
              If you ask me, the best thing for
              British football, the quickest way to
              clean it up, would be fore dirty sides
              like Leeds to be sent down for a spell
              in Division Two.






     DON REVIE speaking to JOURNALISTS outside his home..


            I haven't personally heard Mr.
            Clough's comments, but they have been
            reported to me, and our solicitors are
            looking into them. If I could offer
            Mr. Clough some advice ...I think he'd
            be better off keeping his opinions to
            himself...some of these allegations
            against Leeds United and his fellow
            professionals are an absolute
            disgrace...




     CLOUGH appearing on half-a-dozen TV shows. Quick,
     controversial, charismatic, witty. A natural media star, (we          
     intercut our actor with the genuine archive footage)                  


            Don Revie? Ooooh.                                              
                                                       
            Don't mention that name to me.                                 


            It's really like the other House of                            
            Commons. You hate to mention him. Why?                         


            I hate to mention him why? Because                             
            he's a very talented man and I don't                           
            like him.                                                      

     The audience laughs.                                                  

                         CLOUGH                                    
            He's a very, very talented man and his                         
            record is unsurpassable. But I just                            
            happen not to like him. And I don't                            
            like the way he goes about football                            
            either. Football is a game of opinion                          
            and there are perhaps people in your                           
            profession who don't like the way you                          
            do your bit.                                                   


            Sure.                                                          






                                                                             45aA



              And er... it makes the game go round.                        
              Half the country don't like a Labour                         
              government. It just happens that the                         
              other half do.                                               


              Why don't you want me to ask why you
              don't like him?


              Because I can't tell you. It's
              impossible. We'd get closed down,
              David.

     JOHN SADLER, pipe smoking football journalist, sits in a              
     television studio, ..                                       


              Brian, you've been called big-headed,                        
              arrogant, brash, the lot -                                   


              By your profession, John, yeah.                              


              Sure. And a whole of it right too.                           


              And a whole lot of it wrong.                                 


              Fine. I'll concede that. So how would                        
              you define your approach to                                  
              management, apart from being                                 
              brilliant?                                                   

     All laugh.                                                            


                                                    
              Good lad. Thank you for the                                  
              compliment. It's very, very difficult                        
              when you get asked a question like                           
              that.                                                        

     DAVID COLEMAN, black and white footage, speaking into a               
     bakolite telephone..


              You've achieved something here that                          
              most managers struggle for years to                          
              achieve this. It's come to you very
              young. Are you surprised?



                                                                            45aB


     CLOUGH sits at home, his SON on his lap.










            Suprised, David..but more than
            surprised, delighted. It's nice isn't
            it. For the good guys to win for once.                         


            Which for you was the most important                           
            match to win and the best performance                          
            from your point of view...                                     


            Beating Leeds United, obviously.                               
            Always a particular pleasure that.                             


            Brian, you've also done it on                                  
            comparatively small gates, which I                             
            know has niggled you a little bit                              
            during the season.                                             

            Niggled me, David, it's absolutely                             
            made me blazing. To be honest, I know                          
            what I want to achieve, I know what                            
            the people of Derby want us to                                 
            achieve, but when you've got a                                 
            chairman not wanting to put his hand                           
            in his pocket...                                               

     MICHAEL PARKINSON, the highest rating talk show on TV..

                         CLOUGH                                    
            You ever see eighty five or perhaps                            
            ninety percent of chairmen talking -                           
            I'd love a few chairmen on your                                
            programme occasionally - I believe the                         
            very sight of them brings the game                             
            into disrepute (some clap in the                               
            audience). And every time they open                            
            their mouths it kills it. Because the                          
            very thing they've given me a lot of                           
            stick about over the years - about                             
            talking too much and going on                                  
            television too much, there are the                             
            very people who can put two words                              
            together and its rather embarrassing                           
            to me that a man - or men - can stop                           
            me talking to people like you. I love                          
            football. It's deep, it goes right                             
            down through. It's in every nerve,                             
            vein, you name it. It consumes me. And                         
            when I have to come and talk about I                           
            like the passions of football to come                          
            out. Because there are not enough in                           
            the game.                                                      




                           CLO UGH 
              I like a bit of the honesty, I like a                        
              bit of the truth. I accept without any                       
              shadow of a doubt that I talk too                            
              much, apart from on this show.                               

     Laughter.                                                             


            How do you react when someone says
            "Boss, you're doing it wrong?"


            I say, "How do you think it should be
            done?" We talk about it for twenty
            minutes, then we decide I was right.




            ..the world knows who I am. The world
            knows I talk a lot.









                          MOH AMMED ALI 
             But there's some fellow in London,
             England named...."Brian Clough"...
                    
             Anyway I heard all the way in America,
             They say he's another Mohammed Ali.
             Well, there's just ONE Mohammed Ali. I
             want you to know...
                    
             Clough...you are not taking my job.
             I'm the talker. Now, Clough...enough.





     CLOUGH and TAYLOR, surrounded by FRIENDS and FAMILIES, with
     flowers, telegrams, bottles of champagne, boxes of cigars.
     Watching the Mohammed Ali on television.


             Are you going to stop it?


             No, I want to fight him!

     They roar with laughter. Cheers and celebration. Everyone
     roughing up CLOUGH's hair, patting him on the back.






     The QUEEN's face. Full-frame. Beside her PRINCE PHILIP.
     A portrait of Her Majesty the Queen and HRH the Duke of Kent
     hangs on an oak-pannelled wall: the Patron and the President
     of the Football Association..

     Beneath the portrait: a long table in a boardroom. An austere
     six-man disciplinary committee of the FA. Blazers and
     buttons. Whiskers and power.

     Aldermen, Freemasons, Generals, white-hair and golden
     buttons. Admirals, Presidents and Vice-Presidents.

     Sitting in front of the committee...

     BILLY BREMNER and BRIAN CLOUGH. Like schoolchildren..










              William Bremner, your conduct in the
              Charity Shield match was deplorable
              and cannot be tolerated.


              It was.


              We understand Leeds are taking
              disciplinary action against you
              internally, however the Football
              Association has to be seen to make an
              example. We have therefore decided to
              impose a fine of five hundred pounds..

     CLOUGH's face: a victorious look.


              Thank you..

              ...and a suspension until September
              30th...

     "Bang", he brings down a gavel. CLOUGH's face: the smile
     fades..


                     
              What? September 30th? That's more than
              a month? Thats six bloody weeks??


              I'll make it seven if you carry on
              with language like that..


              C'mon, double the fine. Treble it.
              Anything. Don't suspend him for that
              long. He's my Captain. The best player
              I've got.

     The COMMITTEE MEMBERS get to their feet and walk out.









     CLOUGH's face: OVER THIS: the sound of a ringing phone. The
     sound of a familiar voice at the other end..


            Hello?




     CLOUGH in his cheap hotel-room. PETER TAYLOR's voice the
     other end..










              I suppose you've heard!




     TAYLOR freezes, hearing the voice, (we intercut as necessary
     for the remainder of the call)..


              God...what time is it?


              Suspended for eleven bloody games!!


              I know. You're buggered. Billy
              Bremner's the heart and soul of that
              team.

              Plus Mike Jones and Eddie Gray are
              injured.


              Like I said. You're buggered.


              What do I do, Pete? I need new
              players. Tell me who to buy.


              No, Brian.


              Help me. C'mon, we'll sort this place
              out together. You and me. Turn it
              around.


              It's too late. I'd have helped you
              once. But not now. Not after what was
              said. We're on our own now. Each man
              for himself. Remember?









      "Click", TAYLOR hangs up. CLOUGH stares at the receiver.












     The same sign as earlier.



     CLOUGH stares at the sign as he parks his car in the space
     beside it. A stab in his heart.




     CLOUGH walks along a corridor. Sees the PLAYERS training
     outside. HIS players. DERBY players.

     To one side, MCGOVERN and O'HARE. CLOUGH looks out at them.
     He winks, discreetly at them. They look back, and nod.

     Then get back to work.
     The sound of laughter. The camaraderie of a family. What a
     contrast to Leeds.

     CLOUGH walks along a corridor with photos on the wall. Framed
     photos of HIS victories.

     HIS club. HIS family. HIS home.




     CLOUGH walks into the office to see DAVE MACKAY behind his
     desk. Who gets to his feet. Extends his hand.


            Well, look who it is! Come to raid my
            larder? Or just missing the place?


            McGovern and O'Hare. I've spoken to
            them on the phone. They want to come
            and play for me.










              Aye, and you can have `em. A hundred
              and fifty thousand pound for the pair.


              Cheeky sod! They're not worth a penny
              more than seventy.


              But you're desperate now, aren't you?
              Having lost to Stoke and Birmingham..
                     
              All, right, since it's you..I'll knock
              ten grand off.


              Give you a hundred grand.


              One thirty. Final offer.
     CLOUGH is about to explode, then..


              All right. Done.

     The two MEN shake hands. Barely.

                           CLOUGH 
              So? Enjoying yourself?


              Two wins from two. What's not to
              enjoy? You?

              Loving it. Different class, Leeds.
              Proper club. BIG club.


              Demand results there, though, Brian.


              Hey, it's `Boss' to you.


              Not any more.


              I bought you when you were crocked,
              you fat bastard. And gave you the two
              best years of your career. It will
              always be `Boss' to you.







     CLOUGH walks to the door. He turns, and indicates the desk.

                            CLOUGH 
               Ever tempted to burn that bloody desk?
               Chop it up and burn it?


               Why would I do that?


               Exorcise the bloody place. Get rid of
               me.


               Why? You're not here anymore, are you?
               Be a waste of a perfectly good desk.



     CLOUGH driving his car. Clenching the steering wheel in fury.


               Fucking Scot.




     It's late: JIMMY GORDON with CLOUGH in the bar..


               McGovern and O'Hare? Can't believe he
               actually sold them to you. It must be
               true, then..

               What?


               The rumour that he's after buying
               Duncan Mackenzie. It's why he needs
               the money.


               Who's Duncan Mackenzie?                                   

     OVER THIS: the sound of a ringing phone...












     DUNCAN MACKENZIE, long-haired, chain-smoking, bemused, stands
     in the lobby of the hotel. OVER THIS: we hear...


               Is that Duncan Mackenzie?


               Yes. This is he.


               Now listen to me. You go get your coat
               and your skates on because you're
               coming to meet me at the Victoria
               Hotel in Sheffield in half and hour.
               And Duncan?

               Yes, Mr. Clough.


               Bring a bloody pen, because you're
               signing for Leeds United today.





     `Pop', a WAITER uncorks champagne, pours it into glasses.
     CLOUGH and his three sheepish new signings: MCGOVERN, O'HARE
     and DUNCAN MACKENZIE sit uneasily in the bar.

               Congratulations, lads!! My first
               signings for Leeds. My Leeds United.
               Playing with flair and winning with
               honour. Winning the `right' way. And
               winning the admiration of fans all
               over Europe because...


               Because of the way we play.










              Because of the way we play!!!

     MACKENZIE lights a cigarette..

                           CLOUGH 
              We're going all the way, lads. Inter
              Milan, Barcelona. We're going to win
              silverware Don Revie could only dream
              of.


              Yes, Boss.


              And you, Mr. Mackenzie, you scored
              twenty-eight goals last season. You'll
              score me twenty-nine goals this.


              Yes, Mr. Clough.


              Do you know how many goals I scored
              before I got injured?


              I'm sorry, Mr. Clough. I don't.


              Two hundred and fifty-one.

     MCGOVERN and O'HARE privately exchange looks, "Here goes".

                           CLOUGH 
              Do you know how many games it took me?


              I'm sorry, Mr. Clough, I don't.


              Have a guess. Go on...

     O'HARE mouths "Two hundred and seventy-four"..


              Three hundred?

     MCGOVERN closes his eyes, "Moron."










             Two hundred and seventy-four! Now what
             do you think about that?


             Is that a record, Mr. Clough?


                    
             `Course it's a bloody record.

     CLOUGH shoots a look to the others..

                          CLOUGH 
             You know what ELSE you lot can do
             that's even more important? You can be
             my eyes and ears in that dressing
             room.


             Yes, Mr. Clough/Yes, Boss


             Need to know what they say about me.
             Who's making trouble. Who the
             ringleaders are.


             Yes, Mr. Clough.


             Want you to help me clear this place
             out. Make it MY team, understand. OUR
             team. Clean it up and clear it out
             once and for all.

             Yes, Mr. Clough.

     CLOUGH indicates MACKENZIE's drink..


             Now c'mon, drink up. We're off to meet
             the press.


             Yes, Mr. Clough.

     MACKENZIE knocks back his champagne..


             And Duncan..?


             Yes, Mr. Clough?






             It's "Boss" from now on. There's a
             good lad.


             Yes, Mr. Clough.

     CLOUGH sighs and goes. MCGOVERN and O'HARE roll their eyes.
     MACKENZIE stubs his cigarette, and hurries after them..




     "Flash", photographs are being taken by PRESS of the three
     new signings, DUNCAN MCKENZIE, JOHN O'HARE and JOHN MCGOVERN,
     all wearing Leeds shirts.

     PULL BACK TO REVEAL: they are being watched from a distance
     by several Leeds SENIOR players..



     CLOUGH walks through a corridor, brushing past JOHNNY GILES,
     BILLY BREMNER and several other SENIOR PLAYERS. An
     intimidating atmosphere..


             What the hell did you buy them for?
             Waste of bloody money.


             Duncan Mackenzie scored twenty-eight
             goals last season. John O'Hare and
             John McGovern are both internationals.

             We've got two strikers, Alan Clarke
             and Mick Jones, they're
             internationals, too.


             And one's injured and the other's
             fucking suspended.


             Maybe if you spent a little more time
             here on the training ground with us,
             you wouldn't need to buy Derby
             "rejects".
                    
             We've a game Saturday. Against Queens
             Park Rangers. Or had you forgotten?








              I haven't forgotten.


              Well, you haven't told us a single
              thing about how QPR will play. Mr
              Revie would have files and dossiers
              prepared. Had the reserves playing the
              Rangers way all week. Had the first
              team looking out for this and that.


              Bollocks to Mr. Revie! You're
              professional footballers. Stop Stan
              Bowles! That's all you need to know
              about QPR. And I don't have to justify
              myself to you. Not how or when I
              conduct training. Not who I buy or
              pick to play.

              No. Not to us. But come Saturday
              afternoon, there'll be 40,000 people
              here who you DO have to justify
              yourself, to.

     GILES, BREMNER et al walk off. CLOUGH left, staring.

     OVER THIS: a large RRRRROOOAAARRRR. GOAL.




     The LEEDS PLAYERS trudge in, after the game. Angry. Heads
     hung low. Begin to strip off.
     CAPTION: "QPR 1, Leeds 0."

     CLOUGH enters. Visibly gutted by the result, but now's not
     the time to show it..


              Sorry, lads.

     CLOUGH walks round the dressing-room, shaking hands
     individually, patting PLAYERS on the back...

                           CLOUGH 
              You were robbed out there today. Broad
              bloody daylight. That was never a
              penalty.

     CLOUGH's tone is sensitive. Tactful. Considerate.







                             CLOUGH 
              Stan Bowles?    Diving like that? Man's
              a disgrace..

     But several of the LEEDS PLAYERS refuse his hand. Or freeze
     at his touch. Turn away from him..

                           CLOUGH 
              I've spoken to the referee already.
              Given him a piece of my mind. And come
              Monday morning, mark my word, I shall
              be taking this further...

     The LEEDS PLAYERS stare at one another. Shoot one another
     looks.

                           CLOUGH 
              Anyway, I want you all to know, I'm
              not in the slightest bit critical of
              your performance today. Not a bit of
              it. You were terrific out there...









      NORMAN HUNTER spits in contempt. GILES turns and walks out,
      into the showers.

                           CLOUGH 
              I couldn't ask for more effort.
              Commitment.
                     
              Passion.

      The LEEDS PLAYERS follow. Finally O'HARE and MCGOVERN, too.

      A deathly silence. CLOUGH is left alone in the dressing-room.

      OVER THIS: the sound of a ringing telephone. A gruff VOICE
      answers..


              Hello?



      It's the middle of the night. CLOUGH speaks into the phone,
      visibly the worse for wear from alcohol...


              You must be loving this. Loving every
              minute.




      DON REVIE's face, half-asleep. Visibly irritated. He sits up
      in bed. A stout Yorkshire matron wakes beside him.

              Who is this?


              Watching it all fall apart. It's Brian
              Clough.


              What?


              They won't play for me. Your boys.
              Your bastard sons. And never will.


              Are you drunk, man? It's two in the
              morning. What do you want? Why are you
              ringing me here?







                They're loyal to you. Thought you'd
                like to know that. Loyal to Big Daddy
                Don..


                For God's sake go to sleep. Where's
                you dignity, man? And don't call here
                again.

      "Click", REVIE hangs up. CLOUGH stares at the receiver.







      The Leeds Coach arrives at Derby. Hydraulic brakes
      hissssssss. Doors open. Boots, shoes, walk down steps.

      DON REVIE, SYD OWEN and the Leeds PLAYERS disembark.


      JORDAN, GILES, GRAY walk towards the Derby dressing-rooms..




      SAM LONGSON stands by the window, looking out into the car
      park. He sees the Leeds United PLAYERS. Reads their mood.









      Their faces. Their focus. Their murderous intent.

      A flicker of concern on SAM LONGSON's face. He thinks, then
      calls out to his SECRETARY..


               Get me today's team sheet, will you?

      He lets the curtain fall..




      SAM LONGSON walks through corridors of Elland Road, carrying
      the team sheet. Walking towards the dressing-rooms. He turns
      a corner and runs into CLOUGH..


               What's up, Uncle Sam? Bit below stairs
               for you here, isn't it? Taken a wrong
               turn somewhere?


               Just seen the team sheet. Hinton,
               O'Hare, Todd, Mackay.
                      
               That's our strongest side.


               Of course it's our strongest side.
               It's Leeds United. Would you prefer I
               sent out the apprentices?


               We're at Juventus mid-week. Semi-final
               of the European Cup. Biggest night in
               the club's history!! Couldn't you just
               field...


               What?


               Y'know...


               A weaker side? Am I hearing right? Is
               the CHAIRMAN of this football club
               seriously asking his manager to LOSE?


               You know what I mean..


               Against their biggest rivals?






               The Chairman of this football club is
               asking his manager to be pragmatic.
               Manage his resources. Prioritise.
               We've embarked on a huge program of
               refurbishment and improvements. New
               stands. Better floodlights. We need a
               good run in Europe to pay for it.


               I'm going to pretend I didn't hear a
               word of this.

      CLOUGH turns to walk away. LONGSON calls after him..


                      
               We've still got twenty minutes before
               kick-off. I'd reconsider if I were
               you. I wouldn't want my employer to be
               unhappy..


               My employer?


               Chairman of Derby County. And Chairman
               LONG before you ever showed up.


               That's right. You were Chairman of
               Derby County before I came here. I
               remember that. When Derby County were
               at the fucking foot of the Second
               Division, when nobody had heard of
               them for twenty years and nobody had
               heard of Sam bloody Longson ever. Full
               stop. And that's where you'd still
               fucking be if it wasn't for me; at the
               foot of the bloody Second Division,
               where nobody remembered you and nobody
               had heard of you. There would BE no
               Derby County without me, no league
               title, no Champions of England; not
               without Brian Clough.

      A door opens and PETER TAYLOR walks out in time to hear...


               I'm going to give you some good
               advice, Brian Clough.








                           LON GSON 
              No matter how good you think you are,
              or how clever, or how many fancy new
              friends you make on the telly, the
              reality of footballing life is this:
              the Chairman is the boss, then come
              the directors, then the secretary,
              then the fans, then the players, and
              finally, last of all, bottom-of-the-
              heap, lowest of the low, the one in
              the end we can all without, is the
              bloody manager.

      LONGSON turns and storms off. TAYLOR looks at CLOUGH..


              What have you done now?

      CLOUGH doesn't answer, and storms off in the opposite
      direction. TAYLOR is left alone, visibly anxious.



      CLOUGH watches from the touch-line as the game is in
      progress. "CRASH", a Leeds PLAYER scythes into a Derby
      PLAYER. "BEEEP", the referee blows his whistle. CLOUGH and
      leaps off his bench in fury. Shouting abuse..


              You're a bloody disgrace! You should
              be in the book for that, Cherry!

      "BEEEP", the referee blows his whistle. REVIE smiles to
      himself as a Derby PLAYER is carried off on a stretcher.
                           CLOUGH 
              You're an animal. A fucking animal,
              Hunter!

      SAM LONGSON watches from the director's box. He closes his
      eyes. PETER TAYLOR witnesses this..

      "CRUNCH", another brutal tackle, another whistle. Another
      Derby PLAYER hobbles off the pitch. Blood streaming from a
      cut to his head..

                           CLOUGH 
              I'll see you in fucking court,
              Lorimer!

      CLOUGH's eyes meet REVIE's eyes along the touchline.






      Afterwards: the LEEDS and DERBY players file off the pitch.
      BREMNER brushes roughly past CLOUGH...










                      
               Good luck in Europe..

      CLOUGH turns, `What?" BREMNER, GILES, HUNTER, LORIMER carries
      on walking down the tunnel. Laughing to themselves..

      CLOUGH is joined by TAYLOR and JIMMY GORDON.




      Afterwards: the Derby dressing-room looks like the Emergency
      Room at a hospital..

      Casualties. Blood. Stitches. Swellings. At least half-a-dozen
      PLAYERS are injured. Some on stretchers.

      CLOUGH stares in horror at the wreckage from the doorway. SAM
      LONGSON appears beside him. Stares at CLOUGH..

               You fucking idiot.

      LONGSON turns and walks away. CLOUGH turns to survey the
      carnage in the dressing-room. Like a battlefield.

      CLOUGH's eyes meet TAYLOR's.




      The most important night in Derby's history as the Derby
      players arrive in Turin to play against mighty Juventus..



      BARBARA CLOUGH and the children. Huddled together round the
      television. Eating supper. Watching the Juventus game on TV.


               There's Dad, look!

      BARBARA and the KIDS watch intently. But JUVENTUS score one
      goal. Then another. The final whistle. JUVENTUS win 3-1.

                            BARBARA 
               Pity.

      BARBARA gets to her feet...

                            BARBARA 
               All right. Bed time! Everyone clean
               your teeth!






               Wait..! Look..!

      ON TV: CLOUGH is in the tunnel. Speaking to a television



               Disappointed? Not a bit. My players
               were heroic out there tonight.
               Effectively we were playing the
               Italian champions with a reserve team.
               That many of our first team are
               injured...




      CLOUGH continues. PETER TAYLOR stands beside him, visibly
      pale, stressed...

               ...it's what happens if you have a
               Chairman who authorizes a multi-
               million pound refurbishment of the
               director's box and hospitality suites
               before he pays for a proper squad.
               Suppose it depends on your priorities.
               Players or prawn sandwiches? I know
               which I'd prefer. I know which honest,
               working class Derby supporters would
               prefer, too..

      A commotion breaks out. TV JOURNALISTS ask questions, sensing
      a great story. CLOUGH continues answering as, beside him,
      ...
      ...TAYLOR is white-faced, holding his chest.






      CLOUGH pouring brandy into a glass. DUNCAN MACKENZIE, JOHN
      O'HARE, and JOHN MCGOVERN sit in front of him. Visibly
      uncomfortable.


               Billy Bremner, Boss.










               Who else?


               Norman Hunter.


               Who else?


               Eddie Gray.


               Who else?


               Peter Lorimer.


               What are they saying?
      This falls to MACKENZIE, who knocks back his drink. Trembling
      hands. Dutch courage.


               That you're never here.
                      
               That they're worried about the future.
                      
               That you're just going to fill the
               place with more Derby players.


               And that all thing's considered they
               were all a lot happier under...

               Under who?

      MCGOVERN dries. Cannot find the words..

                             CLOUGH 
               Don Revie?









      MACKENZIE, MCGOVERN, O'HARE avoid his eyes..

                           CLOUGH 
              Is that what they say?


              Yes, Boss.


              That he's the boss? The Guvnor? The
              Capi di Tutti Fucking Capi?


              Yes, Boss.


              And that they miss the bingo.


              The bingo?

              And the carpet bowls.


              Carpet bloody bowls?


              It helps them relax before a game.

      MCGOVERN and O'HARE stare at one another..


              That it, Boss? Can we go now?
      CLOUGH stares, lost in thought: the three PLAYERS go. The
      door closes. CLOUGH is left alone.

      Then he gets up, and in a terrifying flash of rage, picks up
      his glass and throws it against the wall..




      CLOUGH walks out into the car park, then he stops in his
      tracks when he sees..

      JOHNNY GILES, BILLY BREMNER and NORMAN HUNTER ,
      with their GIRLFRIENDS and WIVES and KIDS, being shown brand
      new cars by a SPONSOR.

      CLOUGH takes JIMMY GORDON aside..


              What's all this?






               Club cars. Complimentary for the
               senior payers. Brand new.

      CLOUGH sees BREMNER, GILES and HUNTER trying out the sports
      cars. His smile fades. He walks up to the REP from the CAR



               Nice to meet you, pet. Now, you can
               take your lovely sports cars, and put
               `em back on your transporter..


               What?


               What are you talking about? These are
               ours!

               You'll have complimentary cars when
               you deserve a compliment. Right now
               you don't deserve a complimentary
               bicycle between you.

      CLOUGH takes the KEYS and gives them to the REPRESENTATIVE..

                            CLOUGH 
               Complimentary cars when you're not
               suspended..
                      
               ...and when you lot start winning some
               games..
                      (indicated GILES and


      CLOUGH goes back to his own car..

                            CLOUGH 
               If I had my way, you'd WALK to the
               ground and back every game..

      CLOUGH gets into his car, and roars out, past glowering
      BREMNER, glowering GILES, glowering HUNTER, glowering
      GIRLFRIENDS and WIVES.




      CLOUGH's car pulls up outside his house in Derby. He closes
      his eyes. Breathes a private sigh of relief. Home. At last.

      Safe. Surrounded by people who love him.






      CLOUGH walks into his house.










                What are you doing here? Aren't you
                supposed to be in that hotel in Leeds?


                I couldn't stand it for another night.

      CLOUGH takes off his coat...


                What? So you drove all the way? What
                time will you have to get up in the
                morning...


                Half five.

      CLOUGH bends down. Kisses his wife.

                             CLOUGH 
                You smell nice.


                Do I?


                Forgotten what a woman smells like.

      BARBARA strokes his head.


                Not like bloody men. That's for sure.






      CLOUGH looks into his SONS' room. The eldest is fast asleep,
      but the youngest says, `Dad?'


                You still awake? You should be asleep.


                Tell us a joke, Dad?










               A joke? All right. There's this bloke
               walking about in London, when all of a
               sudden, the city gets hit by a Russian
               `A' bomb. Booooooooom.

      CLOUGH sits down, strokes his son's head..

                            CLOUGH 
               And all the buildings have fallen
               down. And all the people are dead. And
               now this bloke is the only man left in
               the whole of London.

      CLOUGH continues stroking his son's hair..

                            CLOUGH 
               And he suddenly feels very, very
               lonely because there's no one else to
               talk to. Nobody else but him.
      CLOUGH's SON falls asleep. CLOUGH doesn't notice..

                            CLOUGH 
               So he decides that he's had enough,
               that he can't bear being this lonely,
               and so he climbs up to the top of the
               one building still standing. The Post
               Office Tower. And then he jumps off.
               And he's falling down, down and down
               and down, the sixteenth floor, the
               fifteenth floor, the fourteenth, and
               that's when he hears the phone
               ringing...
      CLOUGH looks down. And gets two unexpected shocks.

      The first is that his SON is already asleep. The second is,
      there is a tear running down his own cheek.




      The LEEDS PLAYERS clatter off the pitch. Covered in mud.
      Walking in silence. No smiles. Heads hung low..




      JIMMY GORDON is waiting for CLOUGH..


               The Chairman wants to see you. Said it
               was important. Right away.






      CLOUGH's face: already fearing the worst.






      CLOUGH walks along the corridor. Past the photographs on the
      wall. The trophies in the cabinets. The pictures of a smiling
      DON REVIE - mocking him.

      CLOUGH shoots his cuffs. Rolls his neck. A boxer on his way
      to the ring. A gladiator on his way to the circus.

      He knocks on the door, and walks in. MANNY CUSSINS, SAM
      BOLTON and a third man. A stranger.


             About bloody time.


             Where you been? I was about to send
             out a search party.


             Look, Mr. Cussins, I know it's not
             been the best of starts, but in my
             defence, there are a couple of things
             I'd like to say...


             This is Martin Hughes. He runs
             Mercedes here in the North.


                     
             What?


             We hear that's what you like to drive.
             A Mercedes?


             It's..what I used to drive at Derby.
             Yes.


             Well, we can't have Leeds United being
             outdone by Derby County, can we? So
             Martin here is going to take you over
             to his showroom and get you sorted
             out.

      They begin to walk to the door. CUSSINS puts his arm round










                             CUSSINS 
                Also we figured if you were sitting in
                a spanking new car yourself, you might
                be a little more bloody lenient with
                your senior players, who've kicked
                off, as you can imagine - being denied
                what's rightfully theirs.


                Never come between a footballer and
                his motor!


                No.


                Especially not Billy bloody Bremner.

      CLOUGH smiles nervously, visibly relieved...

                Is that it, then?


                Why? You look white as a ghost, man.

      CUSSINS tightens his grip again, arm round CLOUGH.
      Unmistakably intimidating..

                             CUSSINS 
                What did you think we'd asked you up
                here for?

      CUSSINS's eyes. CLOUGH's eyes. The air crackling with menace
      and intent.








      CLOUGH visits PETER TAYLOR in a large, crowded ward of old,
      infirm, dying people. It's a shock.


                Heart attack, eh?


                Had it three weeks ago, they reckon.








                            TAYLOR 
               They ran all kinds of tests. Asked me
               about my diet and my family history.









                           TAY LOR 
              I told them the only thing they needed
              to know was that I share my
              professional life with Brian Clough.
              That seemed to satisfy them.

      CLOUGH manages a smile. Moved.

                           TAYLOR 
              I'm only half-joking, you know. Have
              we still got jobs?


              We have. Longson's tried to put a
              gagging order on me, of course.
                     
              "Any further utterances in public or
              appearances in the media by Brian
              Clough will be met with instant
              dismissal."

              Well, I hope you take notice. And act
              accordingly.


              Would you like to hear my contrite
              reply?

      CLOUGH pulls out a letter..

                           CLOUGH 
              "Due to the complete breakdown in
              communication with the chairman, Peter
              Taylor and I find it is impossible to
              continue our good work for Derby
              County. We therefore wish to tender
              our resignations with immediate
              effect."


                     



              What do you think?


              I don't want to resign.










               No. Nor do I. Don't worry, they'll
               never let us. We just won them the
               championship. But it will strengthen
               our position and force them to get rid
               of Longson.


               What? Oh, no, Brian. They'll never do
               THAT. He's Chairman.


               I can't do it, Pete. I can't work with
               my hands tied, a Chairman telling me
               what I can or cannot do.


               You're picking the wrong enemy. The
               enemy's not Longson. It's Revie. And
               your obsession with Leeds.

               Don't be daft. We won the league,
               Pete. We're top dogs in Derby now. And
               Longson can't stand it. That's the
               problem.


               No, it's not. It's YOU. This monster
               in you. This mad ambition. It comes
               and goes. Sometimes it's good...a
               fire, that stirs everything up, and
               then there's this...this thing that
               takes you over...and destroys
               everything that is good in your life.
       TAYLOR's face...

                            TAYLOR 
               Please tell me this letter is just a
               draft. You haven't sent it. Because
               I'll be out in a couple of days...let
               me talk to them.




       "Crash", door fly open. CLOUGH storms down a corridor.






      "Bang", CLOUGH crashes into the boardroom. When they see
      CLOUGH, voices fall silent. They stiffen..


             What are you doing? You weren't
             supposed to accept our resignations.


             `Shouldn't bloody well offer them,
             then.

      CLOUGH turns to the other DIRECTORS...


             I only did because of HIM!
                    
             You can't get rid of us. It'd be a
             disaster for the club. For the whole
             of Derby.


             You can't keep shooting your mouth off
             the way you have been...or issuing
             these ultimatums..

      The board stare at one another, avoid eye contact..

                          LONGSON 
             With great reluctance your
             resignations have been accepted.


             You can't do this! It's madness!

             The decision stands. And don't even
             think of a settlement. You're getting
             nowt.


             We're going to create a footballing
             dynasty here. Derby could be one of
             the greats alongside United,
             Liverpool, Leeds..

      CLOUGH stands in the middle of the room. Speechless.


             Car keys on the table and out!

      CLOUGH stares in disbelief at the other BOARD MEMBERS..








                 Does none of you have the guts to stop
                 this?


                 Now! And don't show your faces here
                 again!

       CLOUGH stares in disbelief at the assembled board members of
       Derby County..

       ROY KIRKLAND, ROBERTSON-KING, KEELING, SAM LONGSON, et al.
       Blazers and brass buttons. The sound of clearing throats..




       News footage: Prime Minister Ted Heath announcing blackouts
       due to the oil crisis. Britain is plunged into power-cuts.
       And total darkness. Three days a week.















      TAYLOR walks through the open door.

      A meeting is underway in the CLOUGH house.

      In the hall: CLOUGH's three CHILDREN stare through banister
      railings..

      The smoke-filled front room is packed with FRIENDS,


      Newspapers are strewn over the table. CLOUGH sits in the
      corner, being given counsel by SOLICITORS. JIMMY GORDON reads
      out a letter from the DERBY PLAYERS...


             "To the directors of Derby County
             Football Club. We, the undersigned
             players, are unanimous in our support
             and respect for Mr. Clough and Mr.
             Taylor and ask that they be reinstated
             as manager and assistant manager of
             the club."

      Cheers and celebrations. CLOUGH is congratulated. Handshakes.
      Hair ruffled..

                          JIMMY 
             "Signed by John O'Hare, Roy
             MacFarland, Colin Todd, Archie
             Gemmill, Kevin Hector, Alan Hinton.."


             But not Dave Mackay.









      Silence. All voices stop. Heads turn.

                            TAYLOR 
               Who's just accepted the job.

      Deathly silence. The crowds part. CLOUGH sits up, and
      stares..


               What? Dave MACKAY?


               It's in the evening paper.


               I signed that fat fuck - saved his
               professional life. Gave him two more
               years as a player, as my captain. Dave
               Mackay?
                      
               He wouldn't fucking DARE!

      CLOUGH sees the paper. "MACKAY TO BE DERBY MANAGER". CLOUGH's
      face. Devastated.


               Why did you do it? I love this place,
               Brian. I'm happy here. So are you.


               It's not over yet, Pete. The lawyers
               are issuing a writ tomorrow. Against
               Longson. The players are calling a
               meeting. There's talk of them coming
               out on strike. There's protest marches
               scheduled for this week-end.


               Why couldn't you just have kept your
               mouth shut? We'll never find anywhere
               like this again.

      TAYLOR stares. Worried. At that moment, BARBARA sticks her
      head outside.


                      
               Mike Bamber on the phone?


               Who's Mike Bamber??


               Manager of Brighton and Hove Albion.
               Someone who wants to offer us a job.





      OVER THIS: the sound of a referee's whistle..









      With a loud ROAR the game against Luton gets under way.

      CLOUGH takes his seat alone in the dugout. Unseen by him, in
      the stands behind him...

      DON REVIE arrives, shaking hands, taking a seat.

      Immediately, as soon as they see REVIE, the LEEDS FANS start
      cheering, "There's only one Don Revie.."

      CLOUGH turns, to see REVIE. Waving back. Acknowledging the
      crowd.

      The LEEDS FANS chant, "There's only one Don Revie!"

      In the directors' box, MANNY CUSSINS notes the reaction of
      the crowd.









      In the press boxes, the JOURNALISTS and TV COMMENTATORS also
      note the reaction of the crowd...

      CLOUGH's face: stinging with humiliation. And as if that
      weren't bad enough...

      "RRROOOOAAARRRRR", Luton score a goal.

      In the director's box: MANNY CUSSINS' face..




      Afterwards: CLOUGH and the PLAYERS walk down the tunnel to
      see MANNY CUSSINS and SAM BOLTON waiting. Grim-faced.


               Players Lounge, Brian. Ten minutes.

      CLOUGH opens his mouth, is about to reply, but CUSSINS has
      turned and walked away.




      CLOUGH walks in as several players walk in, too. CLOUGH takes
      a seat. CUSSINS calls for quiet...


               This is the worst start to a season
               Leeds has had in twenty years. Four
               points from five games? Second from
               fucking bottom? What's going on? As
               far as I can I see, there's no
               relationship, no understanding between
               players and management. Not a healthy
               one, anyway.

      PLAYERS heads low. Avoiding CLOUGH's eyes.


               Perhaps if Mr. Clough were to step
               outside, we would all feel a little
               more like speaking our minds.

      CLOUGH can't help smiling..


                      
               You bastard.

      Of course, CUSSINS will reprimand him. Refuse his request.
      CUSSINS looks at WOODWARD and BOLTON. Then..








               All right. If you wouldn't mind,
               Brian? Just for a minute or two?

      CLOUGH cannot believe his ears. What?? He gets to his feet.


               As you wish.

      CLOUGH walks out of the room. DUNCAN MACKENZIE watches.
      Visibly shocked.




      CLOUGH closes the door behind him. He stands in the corridor
      outside. From inside, we hear..


               No one likes him. The atmosphere in
               the dressing-room is non-existent.
               We're not allowed to mention Mr.
               Revie's name...


               He's banned us from doing all the
               things we used to do...like playing
               bingo and carpet bowls...


               Tactically, he's never prepared, never
               tells us how he wants us to play...


               You know he's just itching to bring in
               a whole lot of new players..

      CLOUGH looks out of the window to see DON REVIE signing
      autographs, shaking hands with adoring LEEDS FANS outside..


               What's going on?

      CLOUGH turns to see JIMMY GORDON..


               The last two words of every story ever
               written is what's going on. "The
               fucking end."










               What I want to know is why, after all
               the thing he's said about us, did you
               appoint him in the first place?


               I'm about to go home and work out how
               much I want in severance pay. Don't
               worry, I'll make sure your job is
               safe.


               I'm not staying here without you. No
               bloody way.


               Then I suggest you go home and do the
               same.


               What me and the lads are trying to
               say, Mr. Cussins, is that compared to
               Mr. Revie - he's just not good
               enough...

      CLOUGH: a dagger in his heart..


               Come on.

      CLOUGH turns, leading JIMMY GORDON away, then he stops.
      Having seen something through a window..

      Outside: DON REVIE walks down into the car park and towards
      his car - cheered and clapped every step of the way by LEEDS


      The Messiah of West Yorkshire...






      Seagulls wheeling. CLOUGH's car pulls up in a hotel car park.
      He and PETER TAYLOR get out on a road overlooking the sea..

      CLOUGH looks around at his surroundings. The OLD PEOPLE. The
      retirement home feel.


                      
               "Oh, I don't like to be beside the
               seaside.."







               C'mon, just give it a chance.










              Brighton and Hove Albion? Have you
              seen where they are? Bottom of the
              third division.


              And we can get them out of there. Like
              that. We did it with Hartlepools. We
              did it with Derby.


              We cared about Hartlepools and Derby.
              We're from the North, Pete. What do we
              care about Brighton? Bloody
              Southerners. Look where we are. We're
              almost in France.


              Hey, they've got money, this lot. And
              ambition. And get a lungful of that
              air. It'd be good for my health.


              You can't manage a team that's not
              your own people. Not what you know.
              Anyway the Protest Movement in Derby
              is still in full flow. We could still
              get our jobs back.


              No, we won't. It's over, Brian.
              They'll never take us back. Not now.


              What about proper clubs? Like
              Manchester United? Or Spurs? Or
              England, now Alf's gone. Wouldn't you
              fancy that?


              No one's rung, have they? You've
              scared them all off.


              It's only been a couple of weeks.


              C'mon. Just listen to them? Please?
              For me?






      MIKE BAMBER and HARRY BLOOM, Brighton Chairman and Vice-
      Chairman, likeable men, (for the first time NOT in blazers
      and brass buttons), sit opposite CLOUGH and TAYLOR...










               Sign today, I'll give you a bonus of
               seven grand. Each.


               Seven grand? Y'hear that, Brian?


               Plus a salary that exceeds by twenty
               percent what Derby were paying you.


               Very generous, Mike. Terrific.


               But those are first division wages.


               First division's where I want this
               club to be.

               Are you sure you can afford it?


               Are you sure you're worth it?


               Cheeky sod.

      BAMBER offers his hand. CLOUGH stares at it..

                            CLOUGH 
               We're going to need a holiday first.

               Take as long as you like.


               Two weeks. Somewhere hot. On you.

      BAMBER doesn't even flinch. Smiles..


               I'll even throw in the bloody trunks.

      CLOUGH and BAMBER shake. TAYLOR beams with delight. OVER
      THIS: we fade in the sound of classical Spanish guitar..




      Shimmering heat. Azure skies. Packed sandy beaches.

      We're in a resort in Southern Majorca. Calla Millor.





      Red-faced Brits. Sausages and chips. Beer and sun tan lotion.    

      On the beach, BARBARA CLOUGH is playing with the three CLOUGH    
      KIDS in the shallow water. They wave over to Brian.              

      CLOUGH, sitting in the sand, sunning-himself. (Reading a         
      newspaper about DON REVIE's flirting with the England job).      





















      A blazer with buttons. A red-faced, official-looking MAN in
      his mid 50's, being pointed onto a beach by a hotel EMPLOYEE.









      Red-faced, perspiring, ARCHER nods. Starts walking onto the
      beach.






       KEITH ARCHER walks across the beach, the scalding sand,
       sweating under the merciless sun...

       Until he finds CLOUGH. ARCHER takes out his handkerchief,          
       mops his brow..


                 You're a hard man to find, Mr. Clough.


                 Who's looking?                                           


                 My name's Keith Archer. Secretary of                     
                 Leeds United football club.                              

       CLOUGH looks up, can't help smiling..                              

                 Then what are you doing here, Keith?                     
                 Because from what I'm reading in my                      
                 paper, and from what I hear on the                       
                 jungle drums, you've got a bit of a                      
                 problem at home with your manager                        
                 flirting with the England job.                           


                 He's not flirting...                                     


                        (indignant, pointing to                           
                         newspaper)                                       
                 `Ey, it says it right here.                              

                 He's taken it.                                           

       CLOUGH turns, squints in the light...                              

                              ARCHER                              
                 Which bring me to the point of my                        
                 visit.                                                   

       BARBARA and PETER TAYLOR look over from the beach, concerned.      
       KEITH ARCHER smiles nervously, politely raising his hat...         









      Seagulls wheeling. Two tiny specks on the beach in the
      distance, arguing. Silhouettes against the setting sun..


             Bloody hell. But we HATE Leeds.                              


             It's the top flight, Pete. The First
             Division.


             But we've given Brighton our word. And
             they've paid us the money.


             We can pay BACK the money. Bollocks to
             bloody Brighton.                                             
                    (laughing now, a                                      
                     dismissive wave)                                     
             I'd go mad. We'd ALL go mad down                             
             there.


             Please...give it a year. Give it a                           
             chance.


             A year? It'd be death. Death for us
             all.


             Mike Bamber is a good man..

             Oh, do me a favour..


             He had faith in us, offered us a job
             when no one would.


             He offered us a job. And now someone
             else has offered us a better one..and
             not just anyone. The best team in the
             country. C'mon, Pete, you know what
             that means.. It'd be the Charity
             Shield at Wembley in a months time.
             The European Cup after..


             Yes, but even if we won them it would                        
             always be Revie's achievements. HIS
             team..


                                                                             83AaA

                            TAY LOR 
                      
               I can't do it. I gave Brighton my                            
               word.










             What? And you'd sooner fester down
             there? With all those fucking Tories?
             In that blue-rinse retirement home by
             the sea?


             Yes, Brighton is a small club..


             Fucking midgets.


             But at least we'd be together, you and
             me. We could build them up. Make them
             our own. Like we did with Hartlepools.
             Like we did with Derby.


             And then what? Bottle again as soon as
             it comes to the big time. That's
             always been the trouble with you,
             Pete. No ambition.


             And that's the trouble with you. Too
             much ambition. Too much greed. Too
             much everything.


             You knock it, but it's done you proud
             over the years. My "ambition". Without
             me - you'd still be stuck in Burton
             Albion. On the arse of the footballing
             earth.

             But without you I'd still have a job                          
             in Derby. A job and a home that I
             love.
                    
             Yes, Brian - you're the shop window,
             I'll grant you that. The razzle and
             the bloody dazzle. But I'm the goods
             at the back. And without me, without                          
             someone to save you from yourself,
             you're not just half..
                    
             ...you're nothing.

      TAYLOR starts to walk. CLOUGH calls after him..










             I'm nothing? I'm nothing?? Don't make
             me laugh? So what does that make you,
             Taylor? Something?? You're half of                      
             nothing!! Nothing's parasite! A big
             fat pilot fish that FEEDS on nothing!!
             A bloody nobody!! The forgotten man!!                   
             History's fucking afterthought!!

      TAYLOR walks off, leaving CLOUGH...


             Well, let's see, shall we?











      The LEEDS BOARD MEMBERS' faces: MANNY CUSSINS, SAM BOLTON,
      KEITH ARCHER, SYDNEY SIMON, PERCY WOODWARD, etc


             Let's be honest. It's not working, is
             it?


             What's not working? I haven't been
             here five minutes, so how can anything
             be working yet?


             Still...the players aren't happy.
             We're not happy.


             So what do you want to do about it?

             If it's not working, then we'll have
             to part company.


             Fine. It'll cost you twenty-five
             grand.

      The Leeds BOARD MEMBERS choke...


             What? For six weeks work?


             Plus three and a half grand for Jimmy
             Gordon. And an agreement that Leeds
             United will pay both our income taxes
             for the next three years.

      The Leeds BOARD MEMBERS choke...


             That's bloody criminal.


             No, what's criminal, Mr. Cussins, is
             the way you as Chairman asked me to
             leave the room like that in front of
             the players. Your MANAGER. Going
             behind my back like that.


             I admit, that was wrong.







               And you can throw in the Merc and all.


               What?


               Might be a bit flash for a man out of
               a job, but the truth is, I've grown to
               like it.


               Who the bloody hell do you think you
               are?


               Brian Clough. Brian Howard Clough.


               Aye. No danger of me forgetting THAT
               name in a hurry.




      CLOUGH and his SONS are packing together CLOUGH's belongings
      in a couple of boxes. A knock at the door..

      DUNCAN MACKENZIE comes in, in track suit, a cigarette in
      hand. Ready for the day's training..


               Just wanted to say, it's not right.
               They should have given you more time.

               Good lad.


               Not just me that feels that way,
               either.


               The sad thing is, it won't work. You
               can't change a manager like a pair of
               socks. It'll happen once, to me - and
               never again.

      CLOUGH shakes CLARKE's hand.

      `Rrrrinng', the phone rings. CLOUGH turns and picks up the
      phone. He listens, then..








                             CLOUGH 
                       
                All right. But you'll have to make it
                quick.

      CLOUGH hangs up. Looks at his SONS..

                             CLOUGH 
                Something we have to do on the way.
                Won't take long.







      CLOUGH sits in make-up. The door opens and AUSTIN MITCHELL,
      the same presenter as earlier, sticks his head round the
      corner..

                Thanks for agreeing to this.


                No problem.

      CLOUGH smiles. Uncharacteristically vulnerable.

                             CLOUGH 
                Go easy on me, though. There's a good
                lad.



      CLOUGH is led into the studio, and onto the `Calender' set,
      chatting to the SOUND MAN.

      CLOUGH's microphone is fixed, he is shown to his seat beside
      the PRESENTER's. Then CLOUGH notices a third  seat
      beside his..


                What's this? We expecting guests?

      Then CLOUGH looks up to see a distinctive BLUE BLAZER, with
      gold buttons approaching the set...

      Blue blazer. DON's blazer.









      CLOUGH's face falls as DON REVIE and AUSTIN MITCHELL turn the
      corner, in conspiratorial conversation, and out to the
      seats..

      It's a set-up! CLOUGH looks over at AUSTIN MITCHELL and the
      crew, who shiftily avoids CLOUGH's eyes..

                            CLOUGH 
               You bastards!

      REVIE is put in the seat beside CLOUGH. Avoiding CLOUGH's
      eyes. REVIE rolls his neck, crosses his legs. Vast,
      intimidating REVIE. Ready for battle.

      Suddenly, the theme music plays, the FLOOR MANAGER counts
      down..


               Five, four, three..
      The PRESENTER looks up..


               Good evening. Tonight the football
               world was stunned by the news that
               Brian Clough has been sacked as
               manager of Leeds United. We'll be
               talking not just to Brian Clough, but
               also to the man he replaced, who's
               success he couldn't emulate, Don
               Revie.

      MITCHELL turns to CLOUGH..

                            MITCHELL 
               To Brian Clough first of all. What's
               your reaction to being sacked in this
               fashion?


               Obviously, Austin, my initial reaction
               is one of shock at finding myself here
               with Revie...


               See? Not so easy to make accusations
               when it's to someone's face...


               ...but in answer to your question, six
               weeks is hardly a long time to be
               given a chance in any job. I would
               hope Revie would get a lot longer time
               in his.







             Do you consider it was possible to
             step into your shoes, Don Revie? To
             replace you?


             Being very, very honest, I think it
             was a difficult job for anyone to do.
             But I do feel Brian Clough, I won't
             call him Clough because I won't take
             him down like that..


             Thank you.










              ...I do feel he made it harder for
              himself than he need have.


              How did I do that, Don?


              Shooting his mouth off about how dirty
              my players were.


              Well, you WERE dirty, Don!


              That's not true. The last four
              seasons, we've topped the charts for
              entertaining football.


              And before that, you also topped ALL
              the disciplinary charts. You should
              have been docked points and sent DOWN
              to the second Division.


              And in fact, you went on record and
              said so, Brian Clough. Again and
              again. That Leeds should, in fact, be
              relegated.


              And I was right.


              Do you think that might have hurt your
              chances of success when you then came
              to manage them?


              Of course it did! The things he said?
              Why, man? Why did you take the job in
              the first place?


              Because I thought it was the best job
              in the country.


              Of course it was the best job in the
              country.


              I was taking over the League
              Champions.


                                                                             90aA



             You were. You were taking over the
             best bunch of players you'd ever seen.










             And I fancied winning the league, and
             winning Europe, and doing it better
             than you.


             There's no way you COULD win it
             better.


             But that's the only hope I've got.


             I only lost four matches..


             Well, I can only lose three.


             No, no, no, no.

             And still play attractive, clean
             football. Without cheating!


             See, there he goes again..


             Listening to you, I am struck that
             this is not just a business matter for
             you both. It's more than that. It's
             personal. Am I right?


             Well, we're very different people, Don
             and I. We have different styles. In
             football and in life. I'm a warm man.
             An idealist. I do believe in faeries,
             and that is my outlook. Don is
             different. There's a hardness to him.
             A hardness. Maybe he's not even aware
             of it. But he's a cold person.


             You don't KNOW me!










              And that lack of warmth. That coldness
              was there. Permeated the club when I
              arrived.


              I totally refute that. The atmosphere
              at Leeds was like a family. A happy
              family. You ask any of my players. I
              signed most of them personally. Knew
              their backgrounds. Their parents.
              Their streets. I was a father to them.
              In that club every morning. Massaging
              those boys. Did you do that for them?


              They would never have let me.


              Did you try? You didn't even try. I
              soaped those boys down with my own
              hands. You just went to Leeds with no
              thought for the club, no thought for
              the players. Just on some kind of mad
              personal vendetta with me.


              Well are you surprised? What else was
              I going to do?? After what you did...


              What did I do?


              C'mon, Don. You know exactly.










                           CLOUGH 
              4th March 1968. See? I even remember
              the date. You came to Derby County,
              the third round of the FA Cup, and you
              refused to shake my hand.

      AUSTIN MITCHELL looks up. The CAMERAMEN look up.


              Never! Matter of principle! I always
              shake the other manager's hand!


              You shook Peter Taylor's hand, and my
              trainer, Jimmy Gordon's.


              Then I probably didn't see you!!


              No, you saw me Don. But considered me
              beneath you. Looked down on me. And
              dismissed me. Just like you did every
              other club and every other manager in
              the country.










              Never would I knowingly refuse to
              shake a colleague's hand. The truth
              is, I probably just didn't know who
              you were.


                     
              "Didn't know who I was!" Pull the
              other one.


              It's the truth.










                     
              Well, you certainly know it NOW.

      All heads turn. That came out unintentionally loud.


              Oh, we ALL know it now.
                     
              We know you as the man who's constant
              outbursts, his defaming of fellow
              professionals, have brought this game,
              this beautiful game into disrepute.
              Who had one of the best jobs in the
              country, at Derby, and managed to get
              the sack. Who had one of the best
              partners in the game, in Peter Taylor,
              and threw him away. Who was given the
              greatest gift in British football
              Leeds United, a team that in ten years
              hasn't finished outside the top four,
              and took them to the bottom of the
              first division. Yes, it's fair to say
              we all know who you are now.

      AUSTIN MITCHELL's eyes widen.


              OK, gentlemen, we're going to have to
              leave it there..


              Well, let's see where we are in a
              year's time, Donald Revie.

              Dear oh dear..


              Let's see where we both are in five!


              That's it for tonight's show. I'd like
              to thank Brian Clough and Don Revie
              for joining me...


              Thank you, Austin.

      The show wraps up. Theme music starts playing. REVIE removes
      his microphone, turns and walks out.

      CLOUGH is left staring, hollow-eyed. Wishing the ground would
      swallow him up..














       "LEEDS UNITED FOOTBALL CLUB" written on the side of the
       stadium.

       CLOUGH's car driver past.




       Inside the car: CLOUGH drives, staring at the road ahead.
       Talk on the radio of CLOUGH's dismissal..


                 Boys? Do you think your old man is a
                 fool?

                 No.


                 You're wrong. He bloody is.

       A silence. CLOUGH continues to drive.

                              CLOUGH 
                 Who is the least mature person in this
                 car? Who most needs to bloody grow up?
                 Who's been making a right arse of
                 himself the past few months?

       The BOYS can't help laughing..
                              CLOUGH 
                 Who fancies a trip to the seaside? To
                 see Uncle Pete?


                 Me!


                 Me, and all.

       CLOUGH's foot hits the floor.






      CLOUGH's Mercedes heads `South', and accelerates into the
      distance.




      PETER TAYLOR is working in the garden. He looks up to see
      CLOUGH standing in the gate to his house..

      TAYLOR looks at CLOUGH. Their eyes meet. A poignant moment.


             They've kicked you out, already?


             They have.


             So how long was that?


             Forty-four days.


             Impressive.

      TAYLOR strains not to show his satisfaction..

                          TAYLOR 
             So what are you doing here?


             Don't make this difficult for me,
             Pete...you know why I'm here...and I
             won't bloody grovel.

      TAYLOR shrugs, "Please yourself". Turns and starts walking
      inside.

                          CLOUGH 
             All right. I'm grovelling. I'm on my
             knees.

      TAYLOR turns. Sees CLOUGH on his knees. Begging for
      forgiveness.


             "I apologize unreservedly for being a
             twat".










               I apologize for being a twat.


               "Unreservedly."


                      
               Unreservedly...


               "Because I can't do it without you."


               Because I can't do it without you.


               "I'm nothing without you."


               I'm nothing without you.


               "Please, please baby, take me back."


               Fuck off..!

      CLOUGH tails off, realizing he has no option..

                            CLOUGH 
               "Please, please baby, take me back."

      CLOUGH's sons watch from the car as PETER TAYLOR opens his
      arms, and the two MEN fall into an embrace.
      But in the clench, TAYLOR's smile fades, his expression
      suddenly becoming serious.

      TAYLOR holds CLOUGH tight, and whispers...


               You'll only fuck me up again, won't
               you?


               I love you, y'know.


               I know. But it won't stop you.

      A beat. CLOUGH thinks, then..









             So? Would you sooner go through it all
             without me?

      TAYLOR's face: freeing and condemning himself at once..


             Never.

      Our CAMERA slowly pulls back: over the Brighton landscape, as
      CLOUGH and TAYLOR disappear into TAYLOR's house..



















