







                           Written by

                     Cinco Paul &amp; Ken Daurio







   Snow and ice as far as the eye can see. What looks like a
   windowless MILITARY BASE surrounded by barbed wire fences
   sits in the middle of the wasteland.



   At the GUARD GATE, two RUSSIAN GUARDS play poker using an
   overturned barrel as a table.

   Russian Guard 1 shows a five of diamonds... and four Aces.
   The other Guard folds. Russian Guard 1 LAUGHS and drags in
   the pile of coins.

   While he SPEAKS IN RUSSIAN and does a celebratory dance, the
   coins fly up into the air. Russian Guard 1 stops dancing and
   sees that the coins are gone. He accuses the other Guard of
   stealing them. Russian Guard 2 swears he didn't take them.

   Russian Guard 1 grabs a shovel and wields it menacingly,
   until it flies up into the air. They both look up to see
   where it's gone. Then the metal barrel they were using as a
   table flies up, knocking them over.

   Russian Guard 2 looks up to see a GIGANTIC MAGNET SHIP


   A watchtower guard shouts. A door below opens as a bunch of
   Guards run out and point their guns at the magnet ship.
   Then...WOOSH! All of their guns are pulled up towards the
   ship, including the guards themselves, who are strapped to
   their guns.

   A SNOWMOBILE lifts off the ground and flies up to the magnet.
   Other vehicles and small buildings begin to pull away from
   the ground.

   Then--



   CLANK! The lab makes contact with the ship. It flies up and
   down, shaking the scientists and guards off. They fall to
   the ground. The magnet ship flies away with their lab,
   vehicles, and weapons.

   The remaining guards and scientists are strewn across the
   snow with the remnants of the damaged base. We see a porta-
   potty door open. A Confused Guard is sitting on the can
   reading a newspaper, having missed the entire incident. He
   closes the door.







   SECURITY FOOTAGE of the research station named PX LABS being
   carried away by the magnet ship plays on the screens at AVL
   Headquarters.

   We see the back of several heads watching the footage.

   There's a heavy sigh.


          Three weeks and we're still no
          closer to cracking this?

No response.


          Right... bring him in.


          Yes, sir.




Gru steps toward camera, holding some sort of menacing gun,
which he loads and cocks. He pulls the trigger, which shoots
out an inflatable unicorn balloon.

Smiling, he ties it to the windowsill next to some others.





A banner reads: "Happy Birthday Agnes!" and a massive
backyard party is in full swing. The yard is decorated with
pink balloons and streamers, and a BOUNCY HOUSE shaped like a
castle.

AGNES and several other LITTLE GIRLS slide down a slide.
They are all dressed as princesses, but Agnes is dressed as a
princess riding a unicorn.


          This is the best party EVER!!!

Edith, dressed as a ninja, emerges from beneath a table and
climbs across the monkey bars as a series of jousts, blades,
and boxing gloves come up from the ground underneath her.
She jumps down, narrowly avoiding a bear trap.


          Haha!   Yeah!



Two LITTLE GIRLS fish in a small kiddie pool. One of the
girls pulls up a toy duck and then razzes the other girl, but
then a LIVE PIRANHA jumps out and eats the toy duck.

A BOY and a GIRL sword fight. The Boy does a bunch of fancy
moves. The Girl waits for him to finish and then pounds him
on the head with a club.

Two kids in the background are on a see-saw made of bombs.
Agnes runs into the middle of the yard and points offscreen.


          Oh no!   A dragon is approaching!

All of the kids turn and see KYLE dressed as a dragon. He
GRUMBLES and then they SCREAM and huddle around Agnes. Then
Margo enters wearing a SUIT OF ARMOR and wielding a SWORD.


          Fear not, for here come the gallant
          knights to save us!

She gestures to a group of minions wearing tiny suits of
armor and wielding various MEDIEVAL WEAPONS. The Kids CHEER
as the minions charge toward Kyle. One accidentally hits
another with his sword. A fight ensues in which they use the
medieval weapons on each other.

One minion pounds another with a MACE. One Minion wanders off
from the fight with his helmet on backwards, wildly swinging
his mace.

Across the yard, Gru is busy grilling burgers and talking on
the phone. Not happy.


          No, no, no! What do you mean she's
          not coming?! I have a backyard
          full of these little girls who are
          counting on a visit from a fairy
          princess!

The mace-swinging Minion walks by and accidently, repeatedly
hits Gru with the mace in the shin.


          Ah!   Hurts! Ah! Stop it!

Gru kicks the minion's helmet and chases him off with a
spatula, sending him towards the party swinging his mace.
Gru SIGHS and returns to the call.




          Listen! I don't want a refund! I
          want a fairy princess... please!
          Please, I am begging you.
              
          You know what? I hope that you can
          sleep at night, you crusher of
          little girls' dreams!!!

Gru hits the phone with his spatula and hangs up.    Turns and
sees Agnes standing there.


          Ooh ooh!   When's the Fairy Princess
          coming?

Gru stares down at Agnes' big excited eyes. He opens his
mouth to tell her the truth, but can't do it.


          Any minute now!

Agnes squeals with excitement and runs off.


          Yayyy!

Gru looks worried--what do I do now?    He signals two minions.


          Stall them.




A hand-painted piece of cardboard reading "THE MAGIC SHOW" is
placed on an easel. Agnes and all of the little kids sit in
a semicircle on the grass. Two minions dressed as magicians
are doing a magic act with Edith as their assistant. One
minion blows up a balloon and puts it in Edith's mouth. Then
the other whips out a CHAINSAW and fires it up, heading
toward her.

Margo sees this and quickly intervenes.


          Whoa! Whoa! Okay, okay, alright.
          That's enough of the magic show!

The minions don't hide their disappointment.


          Awwww.



Margo suddenly looks around as if she just heard something.


          Wait, did you hear that? It
          sounded like the twinkling sounds
          of magical fairy dust.


              
          It's the fairy princess!   She's
          coming!

Margo gasps and points up to the sky.


          Look!

Edith spits out her magic balloon in horror and we follow it
up to reveal--

Gru. Dressed in a PUFFY PINK DRESS, fairy wings, glittery
eyelashes and tiara and magical wand.

Up on top of Gru's house, the minions struggle to lower him
down on a rope. Edith's balloon floats by and distracts
them.

They let go of the rope and Gru swings wildly, smashing into
the wall of the house and crashing to the ground.


          Aaaaaahh!

He stands up and tries to cover.

Agnes SIGHS HAPPILY, in awe of the fairy princess.


              
          It is I, Gru...zinkerbell! The
          most magical fairy princess of all!
          And I am here to wish Princess
          Agnes a very happy birthday!

Gru sprinkles the girls with glitter and they continue to
stare, frozen. Then a LITTLE GIRL raises her hand and speaks
with a lisp.


          How come you're tho fat?

Gru grits his teeth, then forces a smile and speaks with a
high-pitched, dreamy voice.




          Because my house is made of candy
          and sometimes I eat instead of
          facing my problems.

The girl starts to ask another question.


          How come you have-

Gru cuts her off with a puff of fairy dust to the face.   She



          Okay!   Time for cake!

As the kids run to the table, Agnes approaches Gru.


          Thank you, Gru-zinkerbell. You're
          the best fairy princess ever!

Gru smiles.


              
          You are welcome, little girl.

She runs off, but quickly returns.


              
          I know it's really you, Gru. I'm
          just pretending for the other kids.

She runs off again to join her friends. Gru watches her go.
Couldn't be happier. Then he is approached by JILLIAN, a
heavily-Botoxed mom.


          Hey there, Gru, Mr. Life of the
          Party!


              
          Hello, Jillian.


          Sooooo, I'm gonna go out on a limb
          here, but my friend Natalie is
          recently single, and...



In the background, a homely NATALIE leans against a buffet
table and seductively raises her eyebrows at Gru. The table
collapses to the ground beneath her.


               
           No, no, no, get off of the limb
           right now. No limb.


           Oh, come on...she's a riot. She
           sings karaoke, she has a lot of
           free time, looks aren't that
           important to her...

In the background, Natalie inadvertently walks in front of a
bottle pitch game, is struck by a ball, and falls to the
ground.


           No, Jill's, that is not happening.
           Seriously. I'm fine.


               
           Okay, fine. Forget Natalie.        How
           about my cousin Linda?

Gru walks off, passing by Edith and Margo.


           No.


           Oh, oh! I know someone whose
           husband just died!

SPLASH!   Suddenly Jillian is sprayed in the face with water.

Reveal Gru holding a HOSE with a SPRAY NOZZLE.


           I'm sorry.     I did not see you
           there.

SPLASH!   He sprays her again.    She falls down.


           Or there.

He drops the hose and walks away, CHUCKLING softly.





Gru takes Kyle out to the front yard.



A camera with nightvision is watching them. The screen
analyzes Kyle and a readout comes out as "SPECIES: UNKNOWN."
Kyle sniffs Gru's flowers.


             Kyle... Kyle!

Then it analyzes Gru and the readout says "TARGET ACQUIRED."


             Ky--Kyle!   No, do not do your
             business on the petunias!

Kyle lifts up his leg next to Gru's flowers.

He picks Kyle up and places him next to his neighbor's bush.


             There you go. Those are Fred's.
             Go crazy.

Kyle does and the bush immediately withers and dies.         Gru



             Good boy.


             Mr. Gru?

Gru turns and sees Lucy Wilde standing there.


             Wha?   I didn't... What... Yes?


                 
             Hi! Agent Lucy Wilde of the AVL.
                 (realizes her badge is
                  upside down)
             Oh. Whoops.
                 (clears her throat, all
                  business)
             Sorry, you're gonna have to come
             with me.


             Oh, sorry, I--Freeze Ray!



Gru whips out his FREEZE RAY and fires it.       A WALL OF ICE
heads for Lucy.

But before it gets to her, Lucy pulls out a retractable gun
from her purse, which acts as a FLAMETHROWER. Melting the
ice.


          You know you really should announce
          your weapons after you fire them,
          Mr. Gru. For example--

She pulls out a LIPSTICK. Fires it at Gru. The tip flies
through the air and connects with his chest, latching on.
ZZZZZAPPP! It tases him, which sends his body flailing in
different funny poses before passing out.


          Lipstick Taser! Oh, it works so
          good.




Lucy tries to drag Gru to her car, but he's too heavy.


          Man.    Ugh.     Large...person.

She gets an idea.

Lucy gets into her car. In the background, we see Gru begin
to come to, but he is struck by Lucy's car as she pulls back
and is knocked out again.


          Oh...sorry!

Closer now, Lucy gets out and stuffs his body into the trunk.

Just then Tom and Stuart come out of Gru's garage and see
their boss being loaded in. Lucy struggles to close the
trunk.


          Get...in...there...you...big...man!

SLAM! Lucy finally slams the trunk then quickly gets into
the vehicle.

Tom and Stuart exchange horrified looks.


          Boss!



They take off running after the car as it pulls away, running
as fast as their tiny legs will carry them. They get right
behind it and Tom LEAPS up onto the trunk. He reaches his
hand out to Stuart, who is falling behind.


          Koom ey lah!


          Koom ey lah! Koom ey lah!

Stuart leaps for the bumper and Tom catches him by his
overall straps. Tom holds on tight as Stuart dangles from
the back of the car, his overall straps stretching way out.


          Aaaaaaiiieeeaaaiiieeeaaaah!

As Lucy turns a corner, he slams into some garbage cans and
ends up skiing behind the car in a cardboard box.

Now in the box, Stuart continues to ride behind the car, and
even starts to get the hang of that, too. He waves at Tom,
and Tom waves back.


          Woooo!


          Ooooh!

All is good until they go past a clothesline and a sheet gets
stuck on Stuart.

The sheet forms a parasail which lifts Stuart up into the
air. He strikes a Superman flying pose. Then a flock of
GEESE fly toward him and one actually slams into his face.


          Quack quack!

It SQUAWKS at him as it flies off.

Lucy spots the commotion in her side view mirror and slams on
the brakes. SCREECH! Both minions fly forward--




Lucy sees this, drives forward, and opens the convertible
top, causing the Minions to land right in the passenger's
seat. They strike threatening karate poses.




           Hi-YAH!!

Lucy tases them and they pass out.       She floors it.




Lucy's car continues driving until it reaches a crowded PIER.
And doesn't stop. It drives right off the end of the pier.
A confused fisherman leaps for his life.


           What the--     Oh!






Lucy's car now transforms into an UNDERWATER VEHICLE. As the
minions come to, one of them tries playing with the radio
until Lucy slaps his hand away. They speed through the sea
and an octopus slams into her windshield. She turns on the
wipers, which hits the octopus in the face until he's had
enough and swims off in a cloud of ink.

She HONKS her HORN as she passes through a school of fish.


           Whoa...

As the fish pass the Minions look ahead to see a shark
heading for them with his mouth open. They SCREAM. Lucy
quickly steers the car out of harm's way. They pass by
several more sharks until they arrive at a GIANT SUBMARINE
with the letters "AVL" on the side.

A HATCH opens and Lucy's car goes inside.       The hatch closes
behind her.




The water drains out from the holding dock. A buffer and
hair dryer come out to dry off the car. A squeegee wipes off
the windshield.

Then the platform the car is on lowers down.





Lucy's car lowers into the center of the room as a large
circular table assembles around it, effectively locking them
in.

Lucy and the Minions get out of the car. She pushes a button
on her remote and Gru, with a starfish attached to his head,
is ejected from the trunk.


              
          Ugh...ooh...what...where...ah...oh,
          foot's asleep...ah...pins and
          needles...


          Good afternoon, Mr. Gru.


          Ehhh...


          I apologize for our methods in
          getting you here.


          I don't. I'd do it again in a
          heartbeat. I am not gonna lie--I
          enjoyed that. Every second of it.
          Gave me a bit of a buzz, actually.


          That's enough, Agent Wilde.


          Sorry, sir.


          Okay, this is bogus!

Gru peels the starfish off his head and drops it onto Tom's.
Stuart LAUGHS at him.


          I don't know who you people think
          you are, but--

A WAITER comes over with tea for Silas.


          We are the Anti-Villain League.



As Silas summons a map that shows all of the AVL offices
around the world, Lucy's car drops out of the way. Stuart is
trapped on the lowering platform and he scrambles to get back
onto stable ground. Silas continues.


          An ultra-secret organization
          dedicated to fighting crime on a
          global scale. Rob a bank? We're
          not interested. Kill someone? Not
          our deal. But you want to melt the
          polar ice caps? Or vaporize Mt.
          Fuji? Or even steal the moon?
          Then we notice.


          First of all, you've got no proof
          that I did that. Second, after I
          did do that, I put it back!


          We're well aware of that, Mr. Gru.
          That's why we've brought you here.
              
          I am the League's director, Silas
          Ramsbottom.

Upon hearing the name, Tom and Stuart start giggling.


          Bottom.


          Heeheheeeeheeehee.

Silas bristles at this, and glances over at Lucy.


          Hilarious.     Agent Wilde...


          Oh, me now...?

She continues the de-briefing, turning to the screens, which
show an image of the Magnet Ship stealing the lab.


          Um, recently an entire top secret
          lab disappeared from the Arctic
          Circle. Yeah, the entire lab.
          Just whoosh. Voom! Gone. Where
          did it go?




          I don't care.

The screen shows FOOTAGE of a TINY LITTLE BUNNY in a
scientific lab. Furry and adorable.


          The lab was devoted to experiments
          involving PX-41, a transmutation
          serum. What is PX-41, you ask?
          Mmmm, it's pretty bad... Look.

A LABCOAT TECHNICIAN approaches the bunny with a SYRINGE
containing the purple liquid. Injects some in its butt.


          Aaah!

Instantly the bunny transforms into a HIDEOUS PURPLE MONSTER
BUNNY. Gru and the Minions smile, impressed.

Then it goes crazy and attacks the scientist.    Gru covers his
eyes and the Minions pass out.


          Oh!

The bunny attacks the technician, then the camera...and the
film is over.


          Hmm, you usually don't see that in
          bunnies.


          As you can see, in the wrong hands,
          the PX-41 serum could be the most
          devastating weapon on earth.
              (struggles to get through
                the opening in the table)
          Fortunately it has a very distinct
          chemical footprint, and using the
          latest chemtracking technology, we
          found traces of it in the Paradise
          Mall.

On the screens we see images depicting a highly technical
diagram of the shopping mall.


          Ha!   A mall?




          Precisely. And we believe that one
          of these shop owners is a master
          criminal.

Silas scrolls through pictures of the mall's shop owners.


          And that's where you come in. As
          an ex-villain, you know how a
          villain thinks, how a villain acts.


          The plan is to set you up
          undercover at a shop in the mall,
          where hopefully you'll be able to--


          Okay, I see where this is going,
          with all the Mission Impossible
          stuff, but no. No! I am a father
          now. And a legitimate businessman.
          I am developing a line of delicious
          jams and jellies.

Silas shoots him a look.    He CHUCKLES.


          Jams and...jellies?


          Oh, attitude! That's right! So
          thanks, but no thanks.
              
          And here's a tip--instead of tasing
          people and kidnapping them, maybe
          you should just give them a call!
          Good day, Mr. Sheepsbutt!


          Ramsbottom.


              
          Oh, yeah, like that's any better!

Gru turns and heads for the door, followed by Tom and Stuart,
who continue to GIGGLE about Ramsbottom's name.




Gru exits the AVL headquarters, which he now sees is on a




Lucy leans out the door and taps him on the shoulder.


          Look, I probably shouldn't be
          saying this, but your work as a
          villain was kind of amazing, so if
          you ever want to get back to doing
          something awesome--give us a call.

She hands Gru her BUSINESS CARD.   Gru takes it and stares at
it.




Gru rows back to shore as Tom yells to him like a coxswain.
Gru GRUNTS with each stroke.


              
          Mack-oh! Mack-oh!    Mack-oh!




Gru carries a sleeping Agnes upstairs.




Gru enters to find Margo and Edith not in bed.   Margo is
texting someone.


              
          Hey, I told you guys to get to bed.


          Oh, sorry.


          So when ya goin' on your date?


          What?


          Remember? Miss Jillian said she
          was arranging a date for you.


          Yeah, well, she is a nutjob.    And
          I'm not going on any date.




          Why not?    Are you scared?

Gru stares back at Edith.     Gets a far-away look in his eyes.




We flash back to LITTLE GRU on the school playground. He
stares, lovesick, at a CUTE LITTLE BLONDE GIRL, named LISA.


              
          Hey, did you guys see the moon
          landing on TV?


          Yeah, I can't believe it.     It's so
          cool...


          Yeah, and you know what--

Gru approaches her.


          Excuse me, Lisa?

But she doesn't notice him.    He tries again.


               
          I was talking to Billy the other
          day.


          No way.


          He is so cute.

Gru clears his throat.


          And I think he likes me.


          Hey Lisa, I was wondering if you--

Gru reaches out and taps her shoulder with his pointer
finger.

Then one of the other little girls points to Gru's finger on
Lisa's shoulder.




          Ewww! Gru touched Lisa!         Gru
          touched Lisa!

The other girls turn and squeal, horrified.


          Eeeeewww!

A little buck-toothed red-haired girl shouts out to the
entire playground.


          Lisa's got Grooties!

The playground erupts with SCREAMS and everyone turns and
runs away.

Little Gru is left alone.     Crushed.




Gru comes out of the flashback.


          Scared? Of what? Women?! No,
          that's bonkers! I just-- I have no
          interest in going on a date, that's
          all. Case closed. I'm not scared--
          of women... or dates... let's go to
          bed.

Gru gives each girl a goodnight kiss.


          Goodnight, Edith.

Then he goes over to Margo, who's already in bed.


          Goodnight, Margo.

She continues texting as he gives her a kiss.


          Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Well, hold
          the horses. Who are you texting?


          No one.   Just my friend Avery.




          Avery... Avery? Is that a girl's
          name or a boy's name?


          Does it matter?


          No, no, it doesn't matter... Unless
          it's a boy!


          I know what makes you a boy.

Gru turns to Agnes, concerned.


          Uh...oooh...you...do?


          Your bald head.

Gru nods, relieved.


          Oh, yes...


          It's really smooth. Sometimes I
          stare at it and imagine a little
          chick popping out. Peep peep peep.

Gru sighs and gives her a kiss.


          Goodnight, Agnes.   Never get older.

Gru turns out the light and leaves the room.




Gru rides the elevator tube down to his lab, passing minions
in various stages of jelly making. A sign reading, JELLY
TESTING AREA" has been hastily pasted over a nuclear warning
sign.

A SUPERVISOR MINION checks his clipboard as the MINION next
to him steals a banana from his pocket. He turns, but the
Minion who stole the banana has hidden it in his mouth. We
see the ends of the banana pushing out his cheeks.


          Hey, oh!    Me banana!



The Minion with the banana in his mouth shrugs.

A single apple is passed down a line of Minions in the least
efficient way possible.

A few Minions mash fruits in large vats ala "I Love Lucy."

One wears a bunch of fruit on his head like Carmen Miranda
and sings the CHIQUITA BANANA song. His supervisor comes
over and tells him to get back to work.

The Minion tries to get out of the vat of fruit, but slips
and falls down into a large test-tube filled with mashed
fruit.

Then all of the mashed fruit is flushed down a large hole
where it is injected into jelly jars passing by on a conveyor
belt. The trapped Minion is injected into one of the jars.

Gru enters the lab and greets the minions.


          Hey, Tim, nice haircut!

He points at Tim.


          Donnie, hang in there, baby!    It's
          almost Friday.

Gru high-fives Donnie as he approaches Dr. Nefario.


          So, how's today's batch, Dr.
          Nefario?


          I developed a    new formula which
          allowed me to    get every known kind
          of berry into    one flavor of jelly.

Gru sticks his finger in and tastes the purple goo in the
jar. Makes a disgusted face, then attempts a smile.


              
          That tastes good...
              
          Love the flavor of that...


          It's horrible, isn't it?




          No! No! Oh, we're making great
          progress!
              
          Here, try some of this.

He hands a jar to a minion, who tries it. He GAGS!   Another
minion tastes some and scrapes it off his tongue. They smash
the jar and all the minions run away, disgusted.


          Whoa... okay, just because
          everybody hates it doesn't mean
          it's not good.

Dr. Nefario hangs his head.


          Listen, Gru. There's something
          I've been meaning to talk to you
          about for some time now.


          What?   What's wrong?


              
          I miss being evil. Sinister plots,
          large-scale crimes...It's what I
          live for! I mean, don't you think
          there's more to our future than
          jelly?


          Well, I'm also considering a line
          of jams...


          Um...the thing is, Gru...
              
          I've had an offer of employment
          elsewhere.


          Dr. Nefario! Come on, you're
          kidding, right?


          It's a great opportunity for me,
          bigger lab, more evil, full
          dental...

Dr. Nefario presses a button and his stuff folds itself up
into a traveling suitcase.



Dr. Nefario hangs his head.    Gru stares back at his old
friend.


           Very well. Let us give you the
           proper send-off.
               
           Minions!




Seven minions are lined up with seven fart guns. Dr. Nefario
sits in his scooter.


           The highest honor awarded. To Dr.
           Nefario for your years of service.
           The twenty-one fart gun salute!



Dr. Nefario COUGHS.     His eyes are watering (and not only from
the smell).


           Uh, I counted twenty-two.

Dave CHUCKLES, guilty.    Dr. Nefario fires up the scooter.


           Farewell, my friends.

The minions CRY. Dr. Nefario pushes another button on the
scooter, transforming it into flying mode. He GUNS the
engine and it begins flying away. At the slowest pace
possible. Everyone just stands there awkwardly.


           This may take a while. Go about
           your business.

Everyone walks off.


           I miss you already!

Gru examines Lucy's business card.     Makes a decision.




The shadow of a mysterious figure approaches Gru's front
door.





A Minion wears a French Maid's outfit and SINGS as he vacuums
the floor. The doorbell rings.

The Minion opens the door to see who it is.


          Hello?

A shadow falls across the terrified minion as something
unseen abducts him.




The vacuum moves back and forth across the floor by itself.
Another Minion walks by wearing a different Maid outfit. He
doesn't see the other Minion and closes the door.

Then he opens it again, cleans the doorknob, and closes it.




It's morning at Gru's house. Margo and Agnes sit on the
couch with a LAPTOP. Edith leans over the top of the couch,
looking on.


          Are you sure we should be doing
          this?


          Yes, it's for his own good.

On the screen is a DATING WEBSITE --the
girls are creating a profile for Gru.


          Okay, we need to choose a picture.

Margo clicks through pictures of Gru.    Each one is worse than
the last.


          No.




          Scary.






          Weird.

CLICK. The next picture is of Gru in a bathing suit.   The
girls react in horror.


          Aaaaaah!!!

Margo covers Agnes's eyes.


          What is that?!

Gru enters the family room.


          Good morning, girls! I have an
          announcement to make.


          Hey, what celebrity do you look
          like?


          Ummm...Bruce Willis.

The girls stare at him blankly.


          Mmmm...no.


          Humpty Dumpty!


          Ooh, Gollum!

The girls LAUGH.


          Okay, what are you doing?


          We're signing you up for online
          dating!


          Oh, okay...WHAT?! No, no, no, no,
          no, no, no, no, no.

Gru grabs the laptop away from the girls.




          Aw come on, it's fun.


          And it's time for you to get out
          there.


          No! Stop!      No one is ever getting
          out there!     Ever!

Gru hands a Minion the laptop, accidentally hitting him in
the face.


          Okay, now for the announcement:    I
          have accepted a new job.


          Whoa--really?


          Yes, I have been recruited by a top
          secret agency to go undercover and
          save the world!


          You're gonna be a spy?!


          That's right, baby! Gru's back in
          the game! With gadgets and weapons
          and cool cars...the whole deal.


          Awesome!

Agnes looks up at him in awe.


          Are you really gonna save the
          world?

Gru looks at Agnes.


          Yes.   Yes I am.

He coolly puts on a pair of sunglasses.

We pan to Dave mimicking Gru with a pair of sunglasses.


          Mocha!



And then to Kevin dressed in an Amish beard and tie.


          Cacao!

And then Stuart dressed as a little girl with pigtails.


          Papadam?




Establishing.




Gru comes down the escalator wearing the sunglasses, with the
three disguised Minions behind him. Stuart gets his dress
caught in the escalator. It comes off and he hides in a
nearby potted plant.

Gru glances at a store called the "EAGLE HAIR CLUB." He then
arrives at a charming, pink CUPCAKE STORE. The sign reads,
"BAKE MY DAY" Gru frowns and takes off his sunglasses.


          Hm.     "Bake My Day."   Blech.




Gru unlocks the door and enters. JINGLE! BELLS on the door
ring. The inside is sugary and clean and quaint. Gru takes
it all in. Then turns to the minions.


          Alright, here is the cupcake recipe
          I got off the internet.

The minions excitedly grab the recipe and head for the
kitchen. Gru kicks Stuart, who is still staggering around in
the potted plant.


          And don't go nuts with the
          sprinkles!

Gru is left alone. He looks around. Sees a BUNNY CUPCAKE in
a glass cake dish. Then a SHARK CUPCAKE in the next cake
dish. And in the next dish he sees Lucy's head. She makes a
funny face.



Gru SCREAMS, which causes Lucy to SCREAM and jump up, hitting
her head on one of the shelves, sending all of the CUPCAKES
flying.

Lucy immediately goes into action, using incredible and
frankly weird-looking MARTIAL ARTS MOVES to dispatch the
cupcakes as they fly toward her.


          Ha! Yaa!      Ho! Ooof!   Zaaa!   Ay-ay-
          ay-ay-ay!

She successfully eliminates all of the cupcakes, then turns
to Gru, out of breath.


          Whoo. Wasn't expecting that.
              (strikes a martial arts
               pose)
          Or was I?

Gru has a cupcake stuck to the top of his head, frosting side
down. Lucy gestures as if he's got a little food on his
face.


          Ooh... you got... You got... a
          little...

The cupcake slowly slides down, then falls to the floor.    It
leaves a long smear on Gru's face.


          Here, I'll-- I'll get it.

Gru stands frozen as she tries to clean him up.


          Oh, that's just spreading...um...


          Alright, alright.    I got it.    I got
          it!... Stop it!

Lucy backs off.


          Oh!     I'll let you get it.

Gru SIGHS and wipes the frosting off his face.




          Yeah, what you just saw there was a
          little something new I've been
          working on. It's a combination of
          Jujitsu, Krav Maga, Aztec warfare,
          and krumping.


          Okay, that's weird--why are you
          here?


          On assignment from Silas.   I'm your
          new partner. Yay!


          What?! No, no "yay." Ramsbottom
          didn't say anything about a
          partner.


          Well, seems that because of your
          checkered past, everyone else
          refused to work with you. But not
          me. I stepped up. And I'm new, so
          I kind of have to do what they tell
          me anyway.

Gru is about to respond when Dave the minion comes out the
kitchen door. He carries a cupcake in the shape of a Minion.


          Walla!

Immediately Lucy moves with lightning-quick reflexes. She
smashes his cupcake, flips him into the air, and pins him to
the counter. Dave SCREAMS.


          You know this guy?


          Yes, he's one of my minions.


          Oh, I'm sorry. I should have
          known.

She releases him.


          You're free to go.



Dave stares at Lucy. Immediately smitten. A magical glow
appears around her as romantic music plays. We go into
Dave's fantasy.




Dave and Lucy run along a beach together hand in hand.




Dave and Lucy have a romantic picnic together. They toast
each other with champagne. Dave drinks from the bottle.




Lucy and Dave sit on the railing of a moonlit footbridge.
Both fire ROCKETS into the air to create fireworks and are
about to kiss when--


          Dave...




Back to reality, where Dave is staring up at Lucy,
lovestruck.


          Earth to Dave!     You can leave now.

Dave goes back into the kitchen, never taking his eyes off of
Lucy.




CLOSE ON the Giant Cupcake on top of the cupcake shop. The
CHERRY on the Giant Cupcake rotates, revealing a CAMERA
hidden inside. VZZZZZT! The lens zooms.


          Now, what do we got? Who's on the
          list? Fire `em at me.





Gru and Lucy stand next to each other under a domed lamp
lowered from the ceiling.



Inside the dome of the lamp, Gru and Lucy are uncomfortably
close together looking at a video screen.


          First suspect...Hedda Blumentoft,
          proprietor of Mum's the Word Floral
          Shop.

The camera moves over to Mum's the Word Floral Shop and HEDDA



          No.    Not her.


          Okay, moving on...

The camera moves over to the "Stuff-A-Bear" store. CHUCK
KINNEY, a small perky man, holds up an empty teddy bear skin
for a little boy.


          Chuck Kinney, owner of "Stuff-A-
          Bear."

Kinney shoves the teddy bear's butt onto a sharp metal tube.
The bear inflates until it EXPLODES into a torrent of bear
skin and stuffing. The little boy CRIES.


          Ooh.


          I don't think so.

DING-A-LING-A-LING! The bell rings on the cupcake shop's
front door, signaling a customer.


          Hello?


          Oh!

Gru and Lucy quickly hide their equipment, look up and see
EDUARDO PEREZ at the door. They try to act natural.


          Buenos dias, my friends! I am
          Eduardo Perez, owner of Salsa &amp;
          Salsa Restaurant, across the mall.
          Now open for breakfast. And you
          are?




             Gru. And this is Lucy.    And we are
             closed.


             This is just gonna take un momento.
             I am throwing a big Cinco de Mayo
             party, and I am going to need two
             hundred of your best cupcakes
             decorated with the Mexican flag.
             It looks something like this.

He rips open his shirt, revealing a TATTOO of the Mexican
flag on his chest.


             What do you think?

He flexes and makes it wave.     Gru hides his eyes.


             Look away!

Lucy stares at it.


             You-- Whoa... Hooo...


             Anyway, I have to go. It's all
             settled! I pick `em up next week!
             Have a good day. Come by if you
             get a chance, okay?

He exits.    Gru GROANS, relieved.    Finally!

Then Eduardo pops back in.


             And welcome to the mall family!

Gru studies Eduardo's face and GASPS. He pictures Eduardo in
a red luchador mask surrounded by flames. Eduardo turns and
leaves. As soon as the door closes--


                 
             El Macho.


             What?


             But it couldn't be...




          Wha-- What? What couldn't be??


          That guy looks exactly like a
          villain named El Macho. From about
          twenty years ago.




Classic Spaghetti western sepia-toned shot of El Macho
looking menacing. He looks like the large Hispanic man from
the mall, only younger and wearing a Lucha Libre outfit and
mask .

El Macho pushes the BARKEEP out of the way and grabs a large
bottle from behind the bar.


          He was ruthless. He was dangerous.
          And as the name implies, very
          macho.

El Macho pours himself a shot and then smashes the bottle
over his own head.

He reaches down and pulls up a rattlesnake from below the
bar. He squeezes its head, squirting venom into the shot
glass. He drinks it down and then eats the glass.

He sticks the snake's fangs into a few dollars that he leaves
on the bar, before breaking through the wall behind him,
leaving an EL Macho-shaped hole.




El Macho head butts an armored truck and approaches the
passenger side window.


          He had a reputation for pulling off
          heists using only his bare hands.

When the ARMED GUARDS look over he punches through the bullet-
proof glass, knocking them both out of the truck. Then he
lifts the truck onto his back and runs down the street with
it.


          Ah, but sadly, like all the greats,
          El Macho was gone too soon.





A bird, flying in the air, is suddenly struck by an airplane.


          He died in the most macho way
          possible.

El Macho leaps out of the plane riding a SHARK, a ton of
DYNAMITE strapped to him. He plummets toward the mouth of an



          Riding a shark with 250 pounds of
          dynamite strapped to his chest into
          the mouth of an active volcano.

He pulls two grenades from behind his back, yanks the pins,
and holds onto them as he plunges into the volcano.

There is a MASSIVE EXPLOSION.


          It was glorious.




Lucy stares at Gru, confused.


          Yeah, sounds like El Macho's pretty
          dead...


          They never found the body. Oh no.
          All that was ever retrieved was a
          pile of singed chest hair.
              
          But... that face. It has got to be
          El Macho.

Lucy gets an excited look on her face.


          Then what do you say you and I
          break into his restaurant?
          Tonight.

Gru nods at Lucy's invitation.




          Yes, that's good, because I'm
          telling you--if anybody in this
          place has the PX-41 serum...

Gru looks out the window and points at Eduardo riding up on
the escalator, scratching his butt.


          ...it's him.




Gru enters and pushes the girls into their beds like a tour
guide anxious to finish a tour.


          Alright, alright, homework done,
          pajamas on, teeth brushed, time for
          bed.


          What's the big hurry?


          I just... I have a lot of work to
          do.


          Work, what kind of work?


          Very important business.
          So...hugs, kisses...
              
          ...good night, sleep tight, don't
          let the bedbugs blah-blah-blah-blah-
          blah--

Gru turns to leave, but Agnes is standing at the doorway.


          But you said you'd help me
          practice my part for the Mother's
          Day show!

Gru looks down at Agnes' puppy dog eyes.    He SIGHS.


          Fine, fine... Let me hear it.
          Quickly.





On Agnes.    She gives her lines.


                 
             She kisses my boo-boos
             She braids my hair
             My mother is beyond compare
             We love you, mothers, everywhere!

Gru frowns.


             Wow! That was...something else. I
             really liked the way you smiled at
             the end. Let's try this one more
             time, but a teensy bit less like a
             zombie, okay?


             Okay.
                 
             She kisses my boo-boos
             She braids my hair--


             Perfect!   Time to go!

As he heads for the door--


             I don't think I should do this.

This stops Gru.


             Well, what do you mean?    Why not?


             I don't even have a mom.

Ouch.   But Gru tries not to let this affect him.


             Well, you don't need one to do the
             show. I mean, you did the Veterans
             Day Pageant and you haven't been in
             combat.

Agnes looks up at Gru.


             This is different.




          Okay, well, then...maybe you can
          just use your imagination.


          You mean I pretend I have a mom?


          Yes, right. You can do that, can't
          you?

Agnes smiles.


          Yeah! I do that all the time!
          Thanks, Gru!

She gives him a kiss and runs off.   Gru watches her go, deep
in thought.




TWO MINIONS raise their ice cream sundaes and clink them
together!


          Hey!

Pull back to reveal many minions singing and dancing.

We move through the crowd, passing by the mace-wielding
minion with his helmet still backwards and a smaller server
minion with a tray of ice cream sundaes in mugs.

We cut up to the rafters, where more minions are dancing and
singing in formation, jumping and hopping all over the place
in elaborate dance routines.

Back on the floor, three arm-in-arm minions take the chorus.
One of them clearly having had one too many sundaes is being
held up by the other two.

Another minion tries to carry empty mugs down a spiral
staircase, but he's knocked off by a bunch of minions running
up the other way.

Several minions sit around a communal bowl of ice cream,
lazily sipping at it through long straws.

Gru enters and takes it all in.

Other minions raid an ice cream cart, hanging from the
canopy, drinking directly from the spouts.




          Alright, hey, hey--   No, no, no,
          no! Hey, please!

The Minions stop singing.


          Kevin, Jerry, watch the girls for
          me, okay?
              
          Dave, Stuart--come this way. With
          me! Come on!

Dave downs a jar of maraschino cherries and sprays whip cream
into his mouth before running after them, with a toothpick
umbrella in his mouth for good measure.


          Come on!

Once they are gone, the Minions go back to singing and
laughing.




Margo, Edith and Agnes are fast asleep in their beds. Kevin
and Jerry sing them a lullaby. Then smile and quietly close
the door.




Kevin holds up a golf ball.   Jerry happily jumps up and down.


          Hey, putt-putt?


          Oh!




Jerry puts the tee and ball in his mouth as Kevin stands on a
dresser, preparing to take a swing. He asks Jerry if he's
ready and Jerry gives a thumbs up.


          Una, doo--
              (laughs as he lowers the
               golf club to Jerry's
               head)



CRASH! CLANG! A noise comes from the backyard.      The minions
exchange looks. What was that?




Kevin and Jerry step out into the yard and look around
nervously, armed only with the golf club and tee.


          Boca!


              
          Boca!

They walk over to the garbage cans. The cans begins to
rattle. Kevin and Jerry SCREAM as a CAT pops up from one of
the cans. The cat MEOWS.

Kevin LAUGHS at him and imitates Jerry's scared face.


          Looka too!

Jerry slaps him.    Kevin slaps him back.   They start to slap
fight until--

A SPOTLIGHT comes down from above, lighting up the terrified
minions. Before they can scream...

WOOSH! Jerry is sucked up into the air as if being abducted
by aliens. Kevin grabs onto a flower, and then the cat to
try and anchor himself down, but they both fly up into the
air.

The light goes out. A few seconds later the light comes back
on and drops the cat back down. It turns off again and the
Minions are gone.




The mall is dark and the parking lot is empty, except for two
minions and Lucy's car.




A lone SECURITY GUARD walks through the dark mall, listening
to music on his headphones. He passes by Eduardo's Salsa &amp;
Salsa. Shines his light inside. All clear. He moves on.



Once the guard is gone, a floor tile is moved aside and Gru
peeks out. After making sure the coast is clear, Gru calls
down.


              
          We're stealth ninjas.    We make no
          sound.


          Right.   Gotcha.




Lucy kicks the door open.

She enters.   Gru reacts.


          Alright, El Macho, you're going
          down.

But before Gru takes a step, Lucy stops him.


          Wait!    Wait!


          What?

She produces a SPRAY CAN and sprays the air in front of her.
Gru frowns.


          What are you doing?


          I'm checking for laser beam alarm
          triggers.


          It's a restaurant!


          You never know what kind of booby
          traps this guy could have set.
          Huh? C'mon!


          There are no booby traps!

Gru takes a step and kicks a TRIPWIRE attached to a tiny
bell. TING-A-LING! Lucy points to the bell.




          Ha!   Booby!

Lucy GASPS as a door begins to creak open.      She hides behind
Gru.

A tiny CHICKEN hops out.      It CLUCKS.   Lucy is confused.


          Oh. There's a chicken. Are you
          lost little guy? You must be lost!


          Ha!   Some guard dog.

Suddenly, the chicken leaps into the air and lands on Gru,
pecking his bald head.


          Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiigh!

Gru runs in circles, trying to get the chicken off.


          Get it off of me! Get it off of
          me! Get it off of me!

Gru SCREAMS as the chicken goes up his shirt and bursts out
of his sweater through the chest, "Alien"-style. He grabs
it.


          I got you!

It pecks him on the head, escapes, and continues to attack
him.

Lucy thinks fast and grabs a tablecloth from a table.      She
lunges and covers the chicken with the table cloth.


          I got it!     Ha!

She tightens the tablecloth around Gru's neck, trapping the
chicken and Gru's head inside. A muffled scream comes from
under the table cloth and Lucy realizes what she's done. Gru
runs around trying to get the tablecloth off his head.

Lucy does a karate flip/body slam on Gru and the chicken.
She removes the table cloth. Gru's head has been replaced by
the chicken!


          Ha!



She goes to karate chop the chicken, but it flies off and she
hits Gru in the face instead.


          Oh!

The chicken regroups, CLUCKS, and attacks.

Lucy acts fast and presses a button on her watch, squirting
FOAM onto the chicken.

FSSSSSSHT!   The foam instantly hardens into a glass ball
around the chicken. Only its head sticks out. It wobbles
back and forth like a Weeble. Lucy turns to Gru.


              
          Ugh...


          What is wrong with that chicken?
              
          Hey, that pollo? Es loco.

Gru is unimpressed.


              
          No? Okay, let's go.




Gru and Lucy step into the kitchen. Lucy pulls out a HIGH-
TECH SCANNING DEVICE and aims it around the kitchen.


          You getting anything?


          No. Not yet. But hey, maybe you
          can find something with these x-ray
          goggles.

Lucy produces a pair of HIGH TECH goggles.    Gru shakes his
head.


              
          Bah...

Gru puts them on and looks around the kitchen.    We now see
the room from his X-RAY POV.




          How're they working? Tell me, tell
          me!

Gru turns to Lucy and sees her as a SKELETON.


          Ahh!   Ooof!


          What's wrong? Something wrong?


          Oh, that's an image I'll never get
          out of my brain. Blagh!

Gru makes a face, disturbed. Then quickly turns away and
spots something behind a painting on the wall...a safe. Sees
something inside it--a METAL CANISTER. Smiles.


          I knew it!

He goes to the wall and removes the painting, revealing the



          The serum is in here!


          Ooh, then let's get it!

He produces a SAFE-CRACKING DEVICE and places it over the
combination wheel. Lights blink and it goes to work.


              
          Oh, this is going to be good!
          Ahh...

CLICK. The safe opens, revealing--a JAR OF SALSA ("EDUARDO'S



          A-ha!
              (registering it's not the
                serum)
          What? It's... salsa?


              
          Awww man.





Eduardo enters the restaurant.   Senses something isn't right.
Frowns angrily.


           Oh... somebody's going to die
           tonight.

He cautiously walks through the restaurant. Sees the chicken
in the ball of cement. Gasps.


           Pollito!

Eduardo runs over to Pollito and picks him up.


           What'd they do to you? Pollito?
           Can you hear me?


           Boc!


           Who would do this to such a sweet
           little chicken? What? Who's
           there?

His eyes darken.




Gru and Lucy, who are ravenously eating the delicious salsa
with chips, turn to the door. Uh-oh.




Eduardo, carrying the chicken, makes his way to the kitchen.
Grabs a LARGE KNIFE off of a table.


           You coming out?! Or am I gonna go
           in?!




Gru and Lucy react to hearing Eduardo's voice. Gru pulls a
LASER CUTTER out of his jacket. Aims it at the ceiling.

TWEEEE!   The LASER fires, cutting a hole in the ceiling.





Eduardo approaches the kitchen, brandishing the knife. Ready
to confront any intruders. He shoves open the door and sees
chips and the salsa container sitting in the open wall safe.




Eduardo enters the room, just in time to see a pair of legs
disappear into the ceiling.


          Stop!

Lucy quickly pops down and hits him in the eyes with her foam-
shooting watch.


          My eyes!

He rubs his eyes, dropping the chicken and cracking its
encasement.




Lucy and Gru quickly run through the mall.


          Gru, call one of your munchkins!

Gru produces a communicator and calls into it.


          We've been spotted!    Come get us!




One minion sits on the hood of the car.   The other leans
against a tire, toothpick in his mouth.


          Huh?
                 
          Hey!     Loo-koo-meow-plah!


          Ah!    Koom-kwat!





SMASH! The car crashes through the glass doors and speeds
through the mall. They crash into a bunch of cleaning
supplies being pushed by a janitor.

Gru and Lucy watch them from the balcony above.


          Hm.   Subtle.

They both run over to meet the car at the escalators.

The car heads for the escalators. As they reach the bottom,
Gru and Lucy realize the minions are about to go up the other
one!


          Over here, over here!    Over...
          here.

Too late. The minions shake as they go up the bumpy stairs.
Once they reach the top they take a left and start driving in
circles around the balcony. Gru pulls out a grappling hook
and aims for the balcony railing.


              
          Hold tight!

They shoot up and land right back where they started - at
Salsa &amp; Salsa! The minions zoom by in the car and Gru SIGHS
in exasperation.

Just then, Eduardo emerges from the restaurant with fire in
his eyes and a knife in his hand. Eduardo produces many more
KNIVES and heads straight for them.


          I have you now!

BAM! Eduardo is struck unconscious by Lucy's car.       Just in
time.

Lucy opens the car door. One of the minions holds a
toothpick in his hand and leans on the steering wheel,
seductively.


          Rawr, rawr!

The other minion revs the engine suggestively.

Eduardo starts to wake up.    The car zooms past him.





CRASH! Lucy's car plummets towards the ground. Gru SCREAMS
hysterically, but Lucy just hits a button and the car
TRANSFORMS into a jet.

They fly off into the night sky.




It's a beautiful morning. An ICE CREAM TRUCK makes its way
down the street (playing the song the minions were singing
earlier). It stops and a couple of CHILDREN run to meet it.

Stuart opens Gru's front door, having heard the commotion.
Two other minions approach as well. Stuart spots the ice
cream truck and points to it, excited.


          Oh!   Oh!   Gelato!

And then suddenly a MOB OF MINIONS appears running for the
ice cream truck alongside the group of children. The minions
shove the children aside and clamor around the truck holding
out their money.


          Gelato!     Gelato! Gelato!

Stuart pushes himself to the top of the unruly pack and tries
to maintain order.


          Stopa!    Stopa!!

A hush comes over the minions.


              
          Hey-ho! Gelato!

Suddenly the ice cream cone on top of the truck transforms
into a LARGE TUBE and extends itself above the minions.
Stuart offers the tube a wad of cash and attempts to order
gelato, but the it begins SUCKING the minions into it. ZUP!


One by one the minions (dozens of them, including the minion
with his head still trapped in the jelly jar) are sucked into
the truck until there is only one left. He tries to make a
break for it, but the truck lowers a popsicle in front of
him.



He licks it, his tongue sticks, and he is yanked back into
the ice cream cone. The it closes and the truck drives away.

The children look on puzzled.




The hole that Lucy's car crashed through last night has been
patched with plywood boards.




PULL BACK TO REVEAL that Gru is inside a GARBAGE CAN
DISGUISE. Next to him is Lucy, also in a GARBAGE CAN
DISGUISE, using binoculars.


          All right, there he is.   Suspect
          #8: Floyd Eaglesan.



Floyd Eaglesan attempts to entice a customer to visit his
business, Eagle Hair Club.


          Oh.    Okay.


          See if you can get closer.
          Go...go.

Gru quickly stands up, revealing his legs, and takes several
steps toward Eagle Hair Club. Floyd looks over his shoulder,
and Gru stops. Floyd enters Eagle Hair Club and Gru inches
closer.


          Alright, what do--



Suddenly a MAN approaches the trash can with a steaming cup
of coffee. The binoculars readout says "WARNING! EXTREMELY



              
          Oh no. That's not good.

The man goes to throw the coffee in the trash and we see
Gru's legs pop out from beneath the can.



The man looks confused and tries again.     Gru dodges and takes
off running. The man chases after him.

Gru accidentally knocks into a bent-over woman's rear end.
Insulted, she turns around, sees the man with the coffee, and
slaps him across the face. Unfortunately, Gru doesn't see
the escalator ahead and goes tumbling down the moving stairs.

CRASH! BANG! CLANG! Finally, Gru pops out of the trash can
and lands at the bottom of the escalator with a THUD! Flat
on his face, he hears a familiar voice call out.


          Hey Gru!

Gru looks up and sees Margo, Edith and Agnes.


          Oh! Girls! What are you doing
          here?


          Well, we thought we'd come visit
          you at work.
              (looks at Gru and the
               trash can)
          So, you're saving the world in a
          garbage can?


              
          Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha...funny.

Lucy arrives on the scene, joining them.


          Hey, there you are.   Oh, who's
          this?


          Lucy, these are my girls, Margo,
          Edith and Agnes. Girls, Lucy.
          Lucy, girls.


          Hello.


          Hi.

Agnes gazes lovingly at Lucy.   A magical glow appears around
Lucy, who smiles back.




             Are you single?


             Oh!   Goodness...

Gru, immediately uncomfortable, claps his hands together.


             Oh! Hey! I have an idea! Since
             Lucy and I have lots of work to do,
             why don't you girls go and explore
             the mall!

Gru quickly shuffles the girls away from Lucy, trying to get
out of the uncomfortable situation. Gru pulls out his
wallet.


             Here is some money. Go buy some
             useless mall junk! Some headbands,
             and--


             Are you gonna marry Lucy?


             Are you out of your gourd?    No!
             She just works with me.


             Plus you love her.
                 
             You love her, you love her, you
             really really love her, and you're
             gonna get married, and I will be
             the flower girl, and--


             Okay, stop! That is a song of
             lies. I don't even like her!
                 
             Now go have fun!

Gru SIGHS.    The girls run off, but quickly return to hug Gru.


             Almost forgot! Hugs!


             Good luck saving the world.   Bye!


             Bye, Gru!



Lucy watches the group hug.      Smiles.   Gru heads back over to
Lucy, embarrassed by Agnes.


          Ha, ha, ha! Kids...right?
          They're...funny.


          Those girls totally adore you.       I
          bet you're a fun dad.


          Huh.
              
          I am pretty fun.




The girls are at the MALL FOUNTAIN. Agnes has her eyes
closed and a very intense look on her face, as if she's
really concentrating on something. There is something in her
tightly clenched fist. She tosses a PENNY. Then opens her
eyes, waiting for her wish to come true.

Then Edith emerges from the water wearing a DIVING MASK AND
SNORKEL, hands full of COINS.


          Is that stealing?


          Not if my wish was that I would get
          a lot of free coins.

Margo is busy texting.       Then something offscreen catches her
eye.

It's a boy. This is ANTONIO. Suave, cool, and a bit
dangerous. We watch in SLOW MOTION as he strolls behind the
fountain, and then disappears in its spraying water.

Margo looks for Antonio.       Backs into the fountain and nearly
falls into it.


          Whoa!

Antonio catches her.


          Cool glasses.

Margo CHUCKLES nervously.      He helps her back up.




          I'm Antonio.


          I'm...Margo.


          I was just going to get a cookie.
          Care to join me?


          Uh, sure.    I'm...Margo.

They begin walking away together, then Margo is reminded of
her sisters when Edith loudly clears her throat.


          Um...I'll catch up with you guys
          later. Bye!

She turns and runs after Antonio.


          Can I be the first to say...Ewwww!

Agnes grabs Edith and shakes her.


          We gotta go tell Gru!




Gru approaches Eagle Hair Club.


          All right, I'm going in.


          If it picks up any traces of the
          serum the sensor in your belt
          buckle--

Gru activates the high-tech scanning device on his belt
buckle.




Lucy is in the cupcake shop monitoring the scanning device
results. She can hear him and see from his POV.




          --will make a sound like this-- MEE-



              
          Okay! I get it!     I get it!




Gru fumbles with the automatic door, then enters Eagle Hair
Club.


              
          Welcome to Eagle Hair Club.

At the reception desk, a large chair shaped like an eagle
spins around. Sitting in the chair is Floyd, looking
sinister and petting a FURRY OBJECT that looks like a cat.


          It's about time you showed up...Mr.
          Gru.

His pet BALD EAGLE perched next to him SQUAWKS.


          You...know my name?


              
          When someone moves into the mall
          who is follically challenged, I
          make it my business to know all
          about them. You are bald. And
          that is bad.

He strokes the furry object. Kisses it.    Then places it on a
MANNEQUIN HEAD. It's a TOUPEE.


          There you go, my sweet.




Lucy monitors the chem-tracking device from inside the shop.


          I'm getting nothing so far. I
          think you need to move around.





Gru listens in on the headphones.

He steps over to a wall on which hangs a PAINTING of Floyd
flying with eagles.


          Wow, this looks interesting.     What
          is it?

Gru thrusts his hips at the painting.    Floyd watches him,
suspicious.


          I take it you're an art lover?


          No serum.


          Yeah, not so much.

He walks over to a podium with a TROPHY.     He thrusts his hips
at that, too.


          Oh, how about this impressive
          trinket?


          I'd hardly call it a trinket, Mr.
          Gru.


              
          Nothing.


          The International--


          Yeah, I don't care.

Floyd GRUMBLES in frustration.

Gru moves to a shelf filled with WIG SAMPLES.     He straddles
it.


              
          MEE-MO-MEE-MO-MEE-MO!!! Hold on.
          I'm picking up something! Behind
          that wall!




          Ah!    And what do we have here?

Floyd grabs a sample.


          These are my trial wigs.
              
          You should take one.

Gru sticks his head into the shelf to investigate.


          No thanks. So what's on the other
          side of the wall?


          Here you are! Look at me!     Focus!


                 
          Gru?


          I promise that this wig will
          transform you from ugly to
          irresistible.

Gru stares at the wig.    Clearly getting caught up in what
Floyd's saying.

Gru is about to respond when suddenly Edith and Agnes burst
in, out of breath.







Gru stares at them.


          Date??? Boyfriend???
              
          What???

Floyd shrugs.




Gru, Edith and Agnes race across the mall. Then Agnes points
over to the salsa restaurant as Margo and Antonio walk in.




          There she goes!




Gru enters to see Margo and Antonio sitting together in the
back of the restaurant together. Margo laughs at something
Antonio said.


          Oh, you're so funny...


          Gross!    Look, they're in love!

These words hit Gru like a smack in the face.


          Oh, no, no, no! Do not say that
          they are...no no no, no!

He storms in.    Edith and Agnes follow.


          ...and my dream is to one day play
          video games for a living.


          Wow.    You're so complicated.

Gru storms over to Margo.     Attempts a smile.


          Margo.    What is going on here?


          Oh! Gru, se llama Antonio.       Me
          llamo Margo.


          Me llama-lama-ding-dong, who cares.
          Let's go.

SALSA MUSIC begins to play and a curtain opens across the
room. WOOSH! Someone leaps out, spinning like a tornado,
then lands in the middle of the restaurant with a flourish.
It's Eduardo.


          Whoa!

Everyone in the restaurant cheers.    Gru frowns.   Not this
guy!



The music continues and Eduardo dances across the floor and
out into the mall where he grabs a passing SHOPPER and pulls
her into the restaurant.

The confused woman holds on for the ride    as Eduardo twirls
and dances her all around the floor. He     dips her and she
melts, as do all of the women watching.     Eduardo gazes into
the woman's eyes and produces a business    card.


          Kids eat free on Tuesdays.

The woman grabs the business card from his hand with her
teeth.

Then Eduardo flings her across the floor and she twirls back
out into the mall where she knocks over her confused husband.
Then the song comes to an end and Eduardo strikes a final
pose.

Everyone in the studio cheers.


          Yeah!   Wahoo! Cool!   Awesome!

Everyone except Gru.   Eduardo walks over to him and gives him
a big warm hug.


          So good to see you again, mi
          compadre!

Gru tries to get out of the hug as quickly as he can.


          Oh, I see you have already met my
          father.


          What the-- Father?!


          Si! Look at this crazy small world
          we live in, eh? Come, sit, let me
          get you something.

Gru looks down and sees Eduardo's chicken glaring at him.    It
SQUAWKS. It's unsettling.


          Oh... look at you.

Eduardo scoops the chicken up.




              
          Haha. He likes me!

Gru tries to pet the chicken but Pollito lunges at him.


          Oh, oh, I'm sorry, Pollito is
          usually very friendly.
              
          He had a rough night.

The chicken stares relentlessly.   Gru CHUCKLES nervously.


          Well, we really should be going.
          Girls, come on.

Gru tries to gather the girls, but Eduardo stops him, pushing
Antonio and Margo closer together.


          That is a pity. Young love is
          beautiful, no?


          No!
              
          You know, they're not in love.
          They hardly know each other!

Eduardo suddenly lights up, having an idea.


          You are right, Cabeza de Huevo!
          They must get to know each other
          better. Antonio, why don't you
          invite your girlfriend and her
          family to our Cinco de Mayo party?


          No, no, I am--


          Si!

The girls are all thrilled at this, as is Antonio. As if on
cue, MUSIC begins playing and they all begin dancing
together.

Antonio takes Margo's hand and twirls her across the floor.
Gru stares at Antonio with a look that could kill. A waiter
comes by to give Gru a party drink, and he promptly crushes
the glass with his bare hands. His eye twitches.





Gru and Lucy sit across from Silas at headquarters.


          I'm sorry, El Macho? Hadn't we
          eliminated him as a suspect? After
          the whole salsa incident?


          Yes, but there has been a new
          development, and I'm telling you,
          this is the guy. You need to
          arrest him immediately. And his
          deviously charming son. I'm pretty
          sure that the son is involved, too.
          The son also. You've got to get
          the son.

Gru approaches Silas.


              
          I think that the son is the
          mastermind. There's a look.
          There's a devilish look in his eyes
          and I don't like it!


          Yes, but I don't really see any
          evidence for--


          Evidence schmevidence! I go with
          my gut, and my gut tells me that
          this guy is El Macho! Lock him up!
          Lock up the son. Don't forget
          about the son. The kid gives me
          the creeps!

Silas takes a deep breath and rubs his temples.


          Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear...

Lucy jumps in, trying to save the situation.


          Uh, but, on the less...
              
          ..."crazy" side of things, uh, Gru
          discovered traces of the serum at
          Eagle Hair Club.




          Hm...    Interesting...


          Yeah, and you know who made that
          happen? Huh?
              
          This guy. Nailed it. Amazing,
          right?


          No. I mean, sure, but it's not
          him. It is...
              
          ...El Macho.


          Mr. Gru.     Please--


          No.   It is him!   And I will prove
          it!

And Gru storms out.


              
          Gru, c'mon!

Once he's gone, Silas gives Lucy a look.


              
          He really thinks it's El Macho.
          Can you tell?

Silas is not amused.




The minion with the popsicle stuck to his tongue wakes up on
a beach, disoriented. He slowly sits up--

--and sees hundreds of minions partying!

This is where all the abducted minions were taken!

There are minions sitting at a Tiki bar, being tended by a
bartender minion...

...The French maid minion and a ukelele-playing minion are
dancing in the sand. They wave at him...



Meanwhile, Jerry approaches the popsicle minion with two
bananas. He gives him one, does a Hawaiian dance with the
other, then runs off for the water. Popsicle minion tears
off his overalls and follows suit.


             Koonga!

The Popsicle Minion, now nude, runs across the sand and jumps
into a clear, blue ocean. We pull back to reveal that
unbeknownst to any of the minions, this is all happening
inside a large terrarium, and they are being watched by a
mysterious figure in silhouette.




Gru sits with his laptop. He's on the eVillain site. He
clicks through various images of El Macho. Edith chases
Kevin, who has the wig in his mouth. A minion sets a stack
of magazines on the coffee table.

Then "YOU ARE NO LONGER CONNECTED TO THE INTERNET" appears on
Gru's screen. He grimaces and calls out.


             Kevin, the wi-fi's out!     Kevin?

He looks to the minion at the coffee table.


             Hey, Lance! Where the heck is
             Kevin?

The minion just shrugs and walks away.


             Alright, we need to revisit the
             number of vacation days you guys
             get. I can't find anybody anymore!

DING-DONG!    Someone's at the door.      Gru turns to it.


             Gru!   It's Jillian!

Gru pretends to shoot himself.


             I've got good news!





Jillian and her artificially beautiful friend SHANNON stand
outside on Gru's porch. Shannon texts on her phone, looking
bored.


          I have my friend Shannon here with
          me! I was thinking you two could
          get some grub, you know, tear it
          up! See what happens!





          Uhh, open up!

He sees Agnes walking by, singing softly and playing with her
unicorn. He whisper-shouts to her.


          Agnes! Agnes!     Tell Jillian I'm
          not here!

Agnes turns to the door.


          Gru's not here!


          Are you sure?


          Yes!   He just told me!

Gru, panicking, shakes his head and wags his fingers.


          I mean no, he didn't just tell me!


              
          Agnes--where is Gru?

Gru makes the "zip your lips" gesture.


          He's putting on lipstick!

Gru waves his arms.


          He's swatting at flies!



Gru waves his hand around his throat, making a "cut it off"
gesture.


          He's...chopping his head off!

Gru clenches his fists and grunts in frustration.


          He's...pooping?

Outside, Jillian and Shannon look confused.


          I know you're in there, Gru!
          There's no way you're getting out
          of this!

Kyle enters the room, carrying the bag with the wig in his
mouth.




Establishing.




Shannon sits at a table talking to Gru, who's offscreen.    A
waiter drops off a plate of spaghetti.


          I have to tell you, I was so
          nervous about tonight. I mean
          there's just so many phonies out
          there!

CUT TO Gru sitting across from her. Wearing a ridiculous WIG
from Floyd. And looking extremely uncomfortable.


          Yes, I hear you.
              


          Oh, so do you work out?


          Well...


          I mean, obviously, you don't, but
          would you consider it? Huh?




          Physical fitness is very important
          to Shannon. As you can tell,
          right? Huh?

Shannon drops to the floor and starts doing push-ups.


          Ah.   I can tell.


              
          Solid.

She switches to one-armed push-ups.


          We are in a restaurant, you know.

Gru looks even more uncomfortable.

Just then Lucy  enters the restaurant.     She
approaches the HOSTESS.


          Hi.   Takeout for Lucy?


          Sure, just a sec.

The Hostess leaves. Lucy looks around and then spots Gru.
Sees him with the wig and Shannon who is now doing crunches
on the floor. Lucy narrows her eyes, then has an idea. She
presses a button on her watch, which transforms into a HIGH
TECH EAVESDROPPING DEVICE, and puts it in her ear. Now she's
able to hear Gru and Shannon talking. She watches them,
intrigued. Shannon has returned to her seat.


          Your accent is so exotic.


          Ah. Well, thank you very much.      I
          was--


          I know someone who can fix that for
          you. And you'll be talking normal
          in no time.

Gru is starting to sweat.


          Hahaha. Hoooo. Is it hot in here?
          Oof. How's the food?



He wipes his brow and accidentally shifts the wig on his
head. Shannon stares at Gru's hair.


          Wait a minute. Wait a minute.      Are
          you wearing a wig?


              
          What? Ah!
              
          I don't think so.


          I knew it.     You're a phony.   I hate
          phonies.


          Oh. What? No.      These locks are
          all mine...


          No they're not! You know what I'm
          gonna do? I'm gonna rip that thing
          off your head and show everyone
          what a bald-headed phony you are.


          I don't think so, Miss Lady.

Lucy presses a button on her watch and a target sight pops
out.

Gru watches in horror as Shannon reaches across the table for
the wig.

Quickly Lucy presses another button on her watch which fires
a MINI-DART GUN at Shannon.

PLIP. The mini-dart goes into Shannon's butt, knocking her
out instantly. And saving Gru from certain humiliation. Gru
stares at the now sleeping Shannon, confused.


          Hello... Hello, are you...?


          Hey, Gru.

Gru quickly removes the wig.


          Hello, Lucy, how you doin'...?




              
          Wow, looks like your date's out for
          the count. It's like she's been
          shot with a mild moose
          tranquilizer.

Shannon MOANS like a MOOSE, then passes out again.


              
          Yeah, I'm winking `cuz that's what
          actually happened.

AN ITALIAN WAITER approaches.


              
          `Scusi, whassa happenin' here?    She
          no like?


          Oh, she's just uh--
              

The waiter nods and leaves.


              
          Oh, oh, si, si...

Lucy turns to Gru.


          Shall we take her home?




Gru and Lucy carry an unconscious Shannon out of the
restaurant. Her head gets stuck in the swinging doors on the
way out. They try to dislodge her and accidentally end up
throwing her headfirst into a lamp post. They pick her up
between them, Weekend at Bernie's-style. They wave to a
passing COP. The cop tips his hat.




Gru and Lucy get in her car. But it's cramped with Shannon
in there too. She doesn't really fit.





Lucy's car drives down the street. Gru and Lucy now have
plenty of room in the car. We boom up to see that Shannon
has been strapped to the roof like a deer.




Gru and Lucy arrive at Shannon's house. Lucy comes to an
abrupt stop and Shannon flies off the roof and slams into the
car in front of them.




Gru and Lucy sit on the front steps of Shannon's house.


          Well, I think you did it. You just
          officially had the worst date ever.


          Huh, tell me about it.


          Don't worry--it can only get better
          from here, right? But if it
          doesn't, you can always borrow my
          dart gun. I've had to use it on
          one or two dates myself.


          Yeah, you know, as far as dates go,
          I think I'm good with just the one.

Gru and Lucy exchange looks.   He CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY.   Time to
go.


          Well, good night, partner.

She pats his shoulder and walks toward her car.   Gru gets up
to walk beside her.


          This was fun.


          Yes.   Surprisingly, it was.


          Oh, and uh, just between you and
          me? You look much better bald.



They smile at each other, and she gives him a peck on the
cheek and walks away.


          See you tomorrow!

Gru smiles a big smile. Shannon slumps over on the porch
behind him. Could he be...falling in love?




RIIIING! Gru's ALARM CLOCK goes off. He reaches out and
turns it off. Ready to greet the day.




Gru happily washes in the shower, acting out a puppet show
with his rubber ducky.


          Quack!     Quack!    Quack!




Gru brushes his teeth with two toothbrushes. He jokingly
arranges them in his mouth like walrus tusks, then BARKS like
a seal.




HEART-SHAPED PANCAKES are served to the girls sitting at the
table. Edith makes a face at getting hers.


          Yeah!


          So I take it the date went well?


          No!   It was horrible!

He laughs gleefully.    The girls exchange looks.    What?

Then he skips out of the room, dancing with a minion in the
kitchen. Agnes's face lights up. Yes!





Gru makes his way to work--on foot:

--he strolls down the sidewalk.

--he passes a MAILMAN and gives him a high five.


          High-five!

Then a POLICEMAN, with whom he exchanges mimed gunfire.

Then a NUN, with whom he bumps rumps.


          Bump it.

Seeing something offscreen, Gru GASPS.

--he stops traffic so a happy family of DUCKS can cross the
street.

--he plays ultimate frisbee with a bunch of COLLEGE KIDS,
balancing the spinning disc on his pointy nose.

--he joins a group of OLD LADIES doing Tai Chi.

--he "air" drums with a couple of BUCKET DRUMMERS on the
curb.

--he picks a flower, then walks by a MAN and a WOMAN sitting
alone with their backs to each other at a cafe. He quickly
turns their chairs around so they find each other and hands
the man the flower for the woman. They smile and Gru goes
his merry way.




Gru continues happily dancing through the mall on his way to
the cupcake shop. He shimmies with a FAT WOMAN on the
escalator, then GAPS and stops suddenly upon seeing Eagle
Hair Club closed. The MUSIC abruptly ends.

Gru sees Silas speaking with an AVL AGENT.    Gru approaches
him.


              
          Mr. Ramsbottom?


          Oh, hello.




          What are you doing here?


          We got him.


          Got who?


          Floyd Eaglesan! Our agents located
          a secret room in his shop last
          night, and uh, discovered this!

He snaps his fingers and an AVL agent hands him a METAL
CANISTER in a ziploc bag. Silas holds it up.


          It's empty, but we found traces of
          the PX-41 serum in it. He's our
          man. So somehow, in spite of your
          incompetence, we solved this one.

TWO AVL AGENTS carry Floyd away in handcuffs.


          I was framed! You won't get away
          with this! Get your mitts off of
          me! I am a legitimate businessman!

Gru turns back to Silas.    He is stunned by this.


          Ah.   Alright. So...what now?


          Well, now you're free to go back to
          your "business." Mmmm. Jams and
          jellies. And it looks like Agent
          Wilde will be transferring to our
          Australian branch.


              
          Australia...?


          Yes. But thank you--for
          everything. And by everything of
          course I mean...nothing.
              
          Toodle pip and cheerio, Mr. Gru.



Silas walks away to join the AVL agents.   Gru stares blankly,
sadly. And then Lucy approaches him.


          Hey there.


          Hey.


          So...we got him.


          Yay.  That's great.
              
          And now you're going to Australia?


          Well, it's not definite yet. Still
          figuring it out. Already been
          working on my accent.
              
          Wallaby. Diggeri-doo. Hugh
          Jackman.
              
          So...um. Pretty excited...


          Great.   Well...good luck.


          Thanks. You too.
              
          Oh. Here. I wanted to give you
          this.

She holds out her lipstick taser.


          Your lipstick taser?


          Yeah, it's just a memento. Just,
          you know, from the first time we
          met.


          Oh.    Thank you, Lucy.

Gru accepts the lipstick taser.


          Agent Wilde!



Lucy ignores this and just waits, not wanting to leave.     She
and Gru stand there awkwardly.


          Well... it looks like they need
          you, so...


          Yeah, I uh, I better go.    Bye, Gru.

And she leaves Gru.    He stands there.   Completely miserable.




Gru walks back home, completely depressed.

Walks past the college kids playing frisbee.      Catches the
frisbee and tosses it down the sewer.

Walks past the group of bucket drummers.    As he passes he
KICKS one of the buckets.

Walks past the old ladies doing Tai Chi. As they balance on
one leg he pushes them all and they all fall over.




It's pouring rain.    Gru sits alone outside his house.
Miserable.

And then an UMBRELLA approaches him. It looks like it's
traveling on its own. But when it gets closer it lifts up,
revealing Agnes.


          I brought you an umbrella.

Gru takes the umbrella and Agnes joins him.    They both huddle
under it.


          Ah, thank you.


          What're you doing out here?


          Remember when you said that I liked
          Lucy? Well, it turns out...you're
          right.

Agnes's face lights up.




          Really?


          Yes, but...well, she's moving away.
              
          I'm never going to see her again.

Agnes's face falls. All her hopes and dreams shattered.     But
she tries to encourage Gru.


          Is there anything I can do to help?


          Oh, I don't--I don't think so,
          sweetheart.


          Well, is there anything you could
          do?

Gru thinks.




Gru is on the PHONE.


          "Hello, Lucy. This is Gru. I know
          up to this point our relationship
          has been strictly professional, and
          you're leaving for Australia and
          all, but..."
              
          Okay, here is the question. "Would
          you like to--to go out on a date?"

PULL BACK TO REVEAL Dave the minion standing across from Gru,
pretending to be on a cell phone on the other end of the
line. And wearing a RED-HAIRED WIG. He shrugs.


          Eh, no.


          Okay, that's not helping.

He hangs up.


          All right.     Here we go.   For real
          this time.



He stares at Lucy's card. Then turns to the phone. It's a
stand-off. He does stretches and calisthenics to psych
himself up. He SIGHS.


          I can do this.

He stares down the phone again. It sits there, taunting him.
We cut back and forth between Gru and the phone, until
finally--


          Agh!    I hate you!

He produces a FLAMETHROWER and burns up the phone.    Dave
dives out of the way.


                 
          Ah.

RIIIIIING !!!    The FIRE ALARM goes off.

CHOP! Suddenly AXES chop through the wall. Several minions
in FIREMEN'S GEAR enter.  Another minion imitates a siren
through a bullhorn.


          Beedo!    Beedo! Beedo! Beedo!

One continues chopping everything in sight with his axe, then
chops his way right through the wall of the house and falls
outside. Another minion brings in a MASSIVE HOSE, turns it
on, and goes flying around the room as it whips around like a
snake. Dave tests out a fire extinguisher.


          Beedo!    Beedo! Beedo! Beedo!

Gru takes away the bullhorn from the Siren minion.    But he
keeps on making the noise.


          Beedo!    Beedo! Beedo!

Dave fires the extinguisher at the Siren minion. He makes
the noise again and Dave sprays him with the fire
extinguisher, sending him flying offscreen.





The minions enjoy another day at the beach. Kevin the Golf
minion drifts out in the water on an inner tube. He fixes
his coconut bra, then unpeels a banana and eats it.




A hand pulls a lever in a control room.




Suddenly a WHIRLPOOL appears in the water right next to him.
He gets sucked into it.

Kevin is pulled down to the bottom of the habitat and into a





Kevin pops out of the tube and lands in a waiting metallic
chair. His hat follows him down the tube and lands on his
head.

CLICK! A metal strap fastens around his waist.    He shrugs
and continues to eat the banana.


          Kevin?

Kevin looks over and sees the French Maid Minion strapped
into a chair nearby. He has a banana too.


          Tom?

They raise their bananas in the air.


          Bello!   Compai!

And then a GIANT DEVICE appears, looking like a huge, scary
HYPODERMIC NEEDLE filled with purple liquid. The needle
comes toward the French Maid Minion.


              
          Compai!

The needle is injected into him and administers the serum.



The French Maid Minion starts to shake.    Contorts.   Then
MORPHS into a PURPLE MINION.


          Blaaah!

Kevin points and LAUGHS at him. He doesn't see the needle
come down behind him. It injects him with the serum as well.


          Oh...




Gru's vehicle makes its way up the winding road to Eduardo's
house.




Gru drives the vehicle, looking deeply depressed. The girls
sit in the back, dressed up for the Cinco de Mayo party.


          Cinco de May-yay-yo! Cinco de May-
          yay-yo! Cinco de May-yay-yo!

Gru's expression doesn't change.   They pull up to the front
gate.




Gru's vehicle pulls up in front of the open gate in front of
Eduardo's house. His car almost knocks a bunch of parked
cars off the cliff.

The grounds are set up for the most elaborate and fun Cinco
de Mayo party of all time. Sumptuous spreads of MEXICAN FOOD
everywhere. LANTERNS hanging from trees. PEOPLE having a
great time.

Gru and the girls enter the compound.


          Whoa!   This place is awesome!


          Okay. Let's party. Ah? But first
          let's go over the rules. Because
          what is fun without the rules?

On Agnes with her mouth and arms full of churros.




          Agnes, easy on the churros.

On Edith, swinging her ninja sword.


          Edith, try not to kill anyone.


          Hai!


          Margo--

As Gru turns to Margo he sees that she is holding hands with
Antonio, face-to-face, almost close enough to kiss.


          Hello, Mr. Gru.

Gru furrows his brow.


          Aghhh!    Okay...

He grabs Antonio and drags him far away from Margo.


          Gru!


          There must be the standard six feet
          of space between you and boys.
              
          Especially this boy.

Gru turns and sees that Antonio is back next to Margo.


              
          You are a funny man. There are no
          rules, Seor! It's Cinco De Mayo!
              
          Come on! They're starting the
          dance!

He grabs Margo's hand and takes off.    Edith and Agnes follow.
Agnes explodes with delight.


              
          Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriba!

Gru watches them go.    Frowns.





Gru, sneaking through the party, spots Antonio and Margo
dancing.

Gru sneaks up on Antonio, using the flashing strobe lights to
cover his approach. Suddenly Antonio is gone and Gru is the
one dancing with Margo, who has her back to him and is
oblivious to what's going on.

Antonio reappears and kicks Gru in the crotch from behind.
He dances once again with Margo while Gru hunches over in
pain.

Gru then gets the upper hand and starts choking Antonio and
shaking him. Margo turns around and sees this.

Gru and Antonio see they are being watched by Margo and start
casually dancing next to each other as if nothing is wrong.

As the song ends, Margo takes Antonio's hand and pulls him
away from Gru off the dance floor.

Gru is defeated and all alone.




Gru sits by himself in the corner, sulking and staring at
Lucy's lipstick taser. A WAITER walks by and places a
tortilla chip sombrero on his head with the rim filled with
guacamole. He breaks off a piece, dips it, and eats it.


          So glad you could make it, mi
          compadre.

Gru looks up and sees Eduardo standing there.   Gru quickly
hides the taser.


              (sensing something's
               wrong)
          Hey, what's wrong?


          Oh, nothing. Nothing is wrong.
          I'm just chilling with the
          guac...from my chip hat.

Gru takes another scoop of guacamole, smiles, and gives a
thumbs up. A glob of guacamole falls from the sombrero.
Eduardo puts his arm around him.




          Gru, please. I know that look all
          too well. It is the look of a
          broken heart.


          How did you know?


          Believe me, my friend, I too have
          spent many nights trying to drown
          my sorrows in guacamole.


          You?


          Yes. But we are survivors.
          There's much more to us than meets
          the eye. Enjoy the party.

Eduardo gives Gru a meaningful look. And then walks away.
Gru watches him go. Deep in thought.

Gru notices Eduardo suspiciously sneak away from the party
and head into the house.

Gru gets up from the table and follows Eduardo. As he walks
through the party, several partygoers break tortilla pieces
off his sombrero to eat.




Eduardo enters a dimly-lit room. Gru sneaks behind and peers
through a crack in the door.




Eduardo stands in the center of a secret room, which is lined
with Mayan-style totem poles. He dances on the tile floor,
which lights up and plays "La Cucaracha" with each strategic
step.

The musical pattern is a code which opens a secret passageway
through the largest totem's mouth. Eduardo enters and the
mouth closes behind him.

Gru tentatively enters the room. He pauses at the tile
floor. He tries to replicate Eduardo's "La Cucaracha" code,
but a glob of guacamole from his sombrero falls to the floor
and hits the wrong tile. This activates a booby-trapped
totem pole, which halves Gru's sombrero with a spear.




          What the--oh!

Gru observes the destroyed sombrero in his hands.


          Huh.

Gru attempts the code again, but missteps.    An axe from the
wall swings at him and misses.


          Oooh!

Gru missteps again and one of the totems lights up and spits
fire at him, burning his face.


              
          Aaaahhh...

He missteps again and a club whacks him over the head.


          Oh!

One of the totems shoots darts at him, piercing his nose.


              
          Aaaahhh!

Gru falls to the floor.


          Oooohhh.

His head hits the correct tile, and the Mayan passageway
opens. Gru walks to the door, pointing at the totems and
gloating.


          Aha!    Ha ha ha--

The passageway doors slam on his arm.


                 
          Oh!

He pulls his crushed arm through the doors.


          Ouch!





A 747 jets through the sky.




Lucy sits alone and stares out the window.    Depressed.   She


She grabs an in flight magazine and opens it up to an ad for
wristwatches. It reads; "IN THE SKY, HE IS THE ONE MAN
EVERYONE CAN TRUST" and shows a picture of Gru giving the
thumbs up in a cockpit.


          Say what?

Lucy reacts, shakes her head, and now the picture is just a
regular airline pilot in the cockpit.

Lucy turns the page. It's another ad, saying simply "Gru
Now!" and showing a picture of a muscular Gru diving from a
waterfall. She GASPS and slams the magazine shut, then
slowly reopens it to find the picture is really just a random
muscular guy diving. It says "GO NOW - TO HAWAII!"


          Would you like some peanuts or
          pretzels?

Lucy looks up from her magazine to see the flight attendant,
who looks like Gru. She REACTS. Then looks across the aisle
and sees a lady that looks and sounds like Gru, talking to
another man who looks like Gru.


          Ha ha ha ha ha! That's a good
          joke.

Then Lucy looks behind her and sees the young mother looks
like Gru. The baby turns around and also looks like Gru.


          I just did a boom boom.

The flight attendant tries to get Lucy's attention.


          I really need you to make a choice,
          hon.

Close on Lucy as she has a moment of epiphany.




          I choose Gru.
              


Lucy runs to the exit door and flings it open.   WOOSH!   Air
rushes throughout the cabin.


          Thank you, Gru stewardess!

The flight attendant stands up, recovering from her twirl.


          You're welcome!

The other passengers wave as the plane's oxygen masks fall
from each overhead console. And with that, Lucy jumps from
the plane, holding her purse.




As Lucy falls from the sky she presses a button on her purse
and it transforms into a hanglider. She flies off with
purpose.




Elevator doors open revealing EL MACHO'S UNDERGROUND LAIR.
Gru stands in the doorway, pulling the dart out of his nose.
The lair is a massive villainous complex that looks a lot
like hell. Gru takes the place in. It's awesome and
terrifying. The magnet ship is there!


          You have not lost your touch, my
          friend.

Gru turns around and sees Eduardo dressed in El Macho's old
wrestling outfit, like we saw in the flashback.


          Ha ha!    I knew it!   You are El
          Macho!


          That's right!


          Nobody believed me! Ho ho!     But I
          knew you weren't dead!




              
          Of course not. I merely faked my
          death, ha, ha!
              
          But now it's time for me to make a
          spectacular return to evil!
          Doctor, I think it's time we showed
          Gru what we're up to here.

Standing in the middle of the lair's walkway is the one, the
only...Dr. Nefario.


          Dr. Nefario?


          Nice to see you, Gru.


          Whaaat? This-- So, this is your
          new job opportunity?


          Absolutely. You're gonna like
          this.

Dr. Nefario pulls a lever. A platform rises with the Purple
Minion version of Kevin strapped to a chair on it.


          Sorry--I had to borrow some of your
          minions, but it was for a worthy
          cause.


          Oh!   Kevin? Agh!


          No, he's not Kevin anymore. Now he
          is an indestructible, mindless
          killing machine!


          Blah!


          Just watch this!

He then presses a BUTTON.

--a machine gun lowers and the purple minion's RIDDLED with
BULLETS, but unhurt.



--a FLAMETHROWER shoots fire at the purple minion, but he's
completely unharmed.

--an axe is swung at him, but he just eats it.

--an atom bomb falls on him, but he just swallows it and it
explodes harmlessly in his belly.

--a POLICE CAR is dropped onto him, and he devours it whole.

Gru stares, stunned.


          And here's the best part! I've got
          an ARMY OF THEM!

The lights come on above El Macho, revealing hundreds of
caged PURPLE MINIONS.

Gru can't believe his eyes.    El Macho LAUGHS.


          Soon I will unleash them on the
          world--and if anyone, anyone,
          tries to stop them...YEOW! Their
          city gets eaten!
              
          We can do it together!


          Together?


          Together! I have admired your work
          for years, amigo. Stealing the
          moon?! Are you kidding?! We would
          be unstoppable! Men like you, men
          like me, we should be ruling the
          world!
              
          So, are you in?

Dr. Nefario pops a celebratory noisemaker in the background.


          Woo-hoo!

El Macho eagerly awaits Gru's reply.   Gru just stares at him.
How does he get out of this?


          Uh...yeah...probably...

El Macho is taken aback.




           Probably?

Gru realizes he's in danger and quickly tries to backpedal.


           I mean, yes! Yes. Of course, yes,
           I just have a lot going on right
           now...I just need to get some
           things off my plate before we start
           taking over the world, that's all.


           `Scuse me?


           No--no, forget it! One hundred
           percent! I am in!
               (pretending to hear
                something)
           I think--what is--do you hear that--
           I do. That's Agnes calling me from
           on the surf--

Gru steps into the elevator and the door shuts. Then opens.
He's frantically trying to press the button that will return
him to the surface.


           Totally in!

The doors close and Gru is gone.       El Macho stares, deep in
thought. Clearly suspicious.


           You know what? I am not so
           convinced that he is in.

El Macho presses a button that releases the Purple Minion.


           Blah!





Edith knocks a piata down with a BAT, then beats the crap
out of it.


           Edith!   Agnes!      Come on!

SMACK!   Edith accidentally hits Gru in the face with the bat.




          Ooof!

Edith takes off her blindfold.


          Sorry.


          We need to go home now!    Where's
          Margo?


          But I didn't get a turn!




Margo sits at a table alone and depressed, wearing the chip
hat. She looks like she's been crying.


          Margo!

Gru approaches her with the other girls in tow.


          Come on, we're leav--hey, what's
          wrong?


          I hate boys.

Gru turns and sees Antonio dancing with a PRETTY GIRL.   Gru
frowns.


          Yes...they stink.   Sorry, honey,
          we've got to go.

He takes her hand and leads her offscreen before popping back
into frame and firing the freeze ray at Antonio. We see he
is now frozen in a block of ice.




SCREEECH! Gru's car pulls out of the driveway and speeds
down the mountain, just as Lucy's hang glider lands at
Eduardo's.





Lucy looks around, but doesn't see Gru.   She maneuvers her
way through the crowd.


          Oops, sorry!

She makes it through, but still no sign of Gru.

Suddenly Pollito appears and exchanges looks with Lucy. He
SCREECHES and flies towards her. She strikes a martial arts
pose ready to defend herself. As she does, her purse falls
to the ground.

The attack never comes and she looks down to see Pollito
pecking at her purse.


          Pollito!   What's the matter?

El Macho appears and picks up the chicken, petting it.


          Oh, hey!   Eduardo!


          Lucia! I apologize. Pollito, he's
          usually not like this. The same
          thing happened the other day
          with... with Gru and...

El Macho drops off, deep in thought.   Connecting the dots.
Lucy is oblivious.


          Oh, speaking of Gru...uh, have you
          seen him? I really need to talk to
          him.


          Yes, I think he's somewhere around
          here. You two are close, no?


          Oh, I don't know. I mean close...
          I wouldn't say we were close. Why,
          did he say we were close? Did he
          say that?




          It's more what he didn't say. For
          instance, he never mentioned...that
          you were both working for the Anti-
          Villain League!!!

Suddenly El Macho turns Pollito around revealing that he has
her AVL credentials in his beak. El Macho grabs Lucy.


              
          You're coming with me.

He leads her away.


          Hey!

We see Dr. Nefario watching this, in shock.      He's holding a
drink and a Mexican flag cupcake.


          Crikey.




The vehicle pulls into the driveway.




Gru walks the girls into the family room. Two minions sit in
front of the big screen TV playing a video game.


          So Eduardo's actually El Macho?
          Cool!


          No, it is not cool. Plus, I pretty
          much knew it was him all along, so
          if anyone's cool, it's me.

The BIGSCREEN TV BEEPS. Gru and the others turn to look.
It's Dr. Nefario. He's at El Macho's, whispering and looking
anxiously around him from under a table.


                 
          Gru!


          Well, Dr. Nefario...




              
          El Macho's on to you. He knows
          you're working for the AVL. And
          he's got your partner!

Gru is confused.


          Lucy? Wha--that's impossible!
          She's on her way to Australia...


          Nefario!

Dr. Nefario looks nervously offscreen.    El Macho's coming.


          Sorry, gotta go!

Nefario disconnects the camera.   The screen goes blank.

Agnes GASPS and turns to Gru.


          He's got Lucy?


              
          Not for long.

Gru begins to walk out of the room.    He turns to the minions.


          Come on.
              
          We're getting her out of there.

Gru marches out of the room, fire in his eyes.    A man on a
mission. To save the woman he loves.

The minions are visibly disappointed to leave their video
game. One of them clutches the controller in his hand and
continues to play until the moment he exits the frame.




Gru gets on his motorcycle. It's the GRUCYCLE, a Gru-style
motorcycle, like Arnold in Terminator 2.





A playhouse in Gru's front yard drops away, revealing a hatch
in the ground. Out drives Gru. Two minions sit behind him
holding on.

He speeds down the road.    Ready to kick some butt.




The yard is now filled with ROCKET SHIPS.

From behind, we watch El Macho emerge from his home to survey
the troops.

Some minions file into the rocket ships.    El Macho watches
them and LAUGHS maniacally.




EVIL MINION POV: The evil minion Kevin runs down the street,
nearing Gru's house. He is scared by his own reflection in a
shiny parked car. He spots a tricycle and eats it.

Then Kyle spots him and GROWLS.

Kyle runs off and evil minion Kevin gives chase.   He stops
when he sees the front door.




Margo and Agnes sit on the floor playing a princess board
game. Next to Agnes is her unicorn.

They hear a SCRATCHING SOUND outside the window.   Agnes looks
scared.


          What was that?

Margo stands up. Makes her way toward the window, which is
covered with drapes. Then reaches a nervous hand and pulls
back the drapes.


          I don't see anything.

Suddenly, evil minion Kevin appears at the window, looking
really scary!

Margo SCREAMS.



SMASH! Evil minion Kevin crashes through the window and
lands in the family room surrounded by shattered glass and
tangled up in the curtain. He turns to the girls, who slowly
back away. He looks at Agnes and ROARS.


          Run!

Margo grabs Agnes and they run out of the room, accidentally
dropping the stuffed unicorn behind.

Agnes stops and runs back for it.


          My unicorn!


          Agnes, no!

Agnes stops and sees evil minion Kevin already has it in his
mouth.

Agnes screams a crazy HIGH-PITCHED SCREAM. It SHATTERS all
the glass in the room, including the glass in evil minion
Kevin's goggles. He spits out the unicorn. He is slowed him
down for a bit, so Agnes safely grabs the unicorn, and Margo
grabs Agnes's hand.

They run for the elevator to the lower level, with the purple
minion hot on their tails.   The elevator drops just in time.
Evil minion Kevin slams into the glass door.




Margo and Agnes run into the lab to find half a dozen minions
milling about.


          C'mon!   Hurry!


          Whoa!

Edith plays ping-pong with the minions using nun-chucks like
Bruce Lee. Margo shuts the big iron door.

Edith and the minions stare back at Margo.


          What's the matter?

CRASH! The purple minion has eaten its way through the
ceiling!




          Whoa!

It drops down into the lab and lands on a dazed yellow
minion. The girls SCREAM as it jumps up and dashes towards
them.

Evil minion Kevin stomps toward the girls.    They are backed
into a corner. It's all over.

Then suddenly a HYPODERMIC NEEDLE enters frame and injects
evil minion Kevin. He falls over, writhing on the floor.
Then he sits up and--

Has turned back into a YELLOW MINION.    It's Kevin!


          Ooh-la-la!     Pilatos?


          Kevin!

The other minions dog pile on him with friendly hugs.


          Dr. Nefario! You're back!

Reveal Dr. Nefario holding the needle.


          In the flesh.

Nefario produces a VIAL filled with YELLOW LIQUID.


          Behold, the antidote!

He walks over to a vat of the jelly.


          Come on. Let's finally put this
          horrible jelly to some good use.

He pours the antidote into the vat.




Gru makes his way up the road leading to El Macho's house.
He is wearing handcuffs, and being led at spear-point by Dave
and Stuart, who have been painted purple to look like Evil
minions. But they are goofing around and giggling. And they
still have a few yellow spots.




          Hey, guys.     Come on!   Stay focused
          here!

The minions somber up.


          Okay, okay.

Gru covers a smeared yellow spot with purple paint.

They approach the front gate, which is closed. Dave boosts
himself onto a stray box and speaks gibberish into the
intercom. He hears Evil Minion gibberish in response. He
responds back in Evil Minion gibberish.

The intercom buzzes and the gate begins to open.

The gate opens and there are DOZENS of PURPLE MINIONS milling
about. They eye Gru and his captors suspiciously.

Dave and Stuart poke Gru with a spear.


              
          Curses. Foiled again. These guys
          captured me.

The Evil Minions CHEER at seeing this.

Gru, Dave and Stuart have to walk all the way to the house
surrounded on all sides by evil purple minions. The painted
yellow minions are very nervous. The purple minions eye them
as they pass. They GROWL and the yellow minions attempt to
GROWL back.

It's extremely intense, but it looks like they're going to
make it.

Then one of the evil minions makes a slobbery raspberry at
one of the painted ones. They get into a raspberry fight
until the painted minion is grossed out and tries to rub the
slobber off him. It rubs off the purple paint.

One of the evil purple minions points and SCREAMS. They're
exposed! All of the purple minions run towards Gru, Dave and
Stuart. Teeth bared. Ready to chomp.


          Run!

They take off running.





Gru and the yellow minions burst into El Macho's backyard.
The Evil Minions give chase.


          Up that tree! Hurry, hurry!

They climb a tree up to the roof of the house, only to be
pursued by more minions up there. And the Evil Minions have
devoured the tree so they can't go back that way either.

With no escape, Gru and the minions run up a tower until they
reach the top--a dead end.

Here come the purple minions. They're trapped. Gru kicks
them away and the yellow minions try to fight off the purple
ones. But they are clearly doomed.

And then Gru's ship appears hovering above them! Modified as
a jelly-dispensing weapon and with Dr. Nefario at the
controls! The minions hang on the sides holding JELLY


The ship opens fire on the evil minions, transforming them.
POP! POP! POP! POP! One by one they transform back into
yellow minions. One of the Minions wipes the horrible
tasting jelly off his tongue.

Dr. Nefario sticks his head out the side of the ship.


          Hello, Gru!


          Hey, hey!    Nice work, Dr. Nefario!

Gru leaps onto the ship.


          I put an antidote in the jelly.
              
          I mean, I'm happy to create an evil
          army to destroy the world, but
          nobody messes with my family.


          Thank you, Doctor!   Now let's go
          get the--

Gru looks over to see Margo, Edith and Agnes onboard the
ship, holding jelly blasters.




          Hi!

Gru is flabbergasted.    He turns to Nefario.


          You brought the girls?


          Yes!
                 
          Oh.     Was that wrong?

Gru's ship flies toward El Macho, blasting purple minions all
along the way.

From behind a large jelly gun Edith unloads round after
round.


          Wooooo!    Yeeeaaahhh!

El Macho witnesses his evil minions being converted back to
regular ones.


          Oh no! What's happening to my
          minions?
               
          Gru?

Gru turns to Nefario and the girls.


          You guys take care of the rest of
          the minions.
              
          I'm going to find Lucy.

Gru leaps out of the ship down to the roof El Macho is on.
He has two big jelly weapons in his hands.

Meanwhile the ship flies off with its jelly blasters firing,
and comes to land on the ground below.

The minions and the girls start jumping from the ship.    Agnes
takes aim.


          Eat jelly, you purple freaks!
          Waaaaah!



Agnes' gun is a little too big for her and the kick sends her
a bit out of control. But she still manages to hit a number
of Evil Minions. The tide is turning.

Meanwhile, Gru has gone ballistic on the evil minions.   BLAM!
BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! He takes the remaining few out.

El Macho kicks an evil minion at Gru, but he manages to hit
it with jelly and transform it back to yellow. Gru holds his
gun up to El Macho and gives him a threatening look.


          It's over, El Macho.   Now where is
          Lucy?


              
          Let me show you.

He turns to a computer and pushes a button.

A fountain stops spewing water and underneath it STEEL DOORS
open from the ground. And out of them rises a ROCKET.
Strapped to it is Lucy. Tied to a SHARK with TWO HUNDRED AND
FIFTY POUNDS OF DYNAMITE strapped to her.

Gru is horrified.   He GASPS.


          Oh, hey Gru! Turns out you were
          right about the whole El Macho
          thing, huh?
               
          Yay!

El Macho calls to Gru, brandishing a remote.


          One push of this button and I send
          that rocket straight into the same
          volcano where I faked my death.
          Only this time--it's for real!


                
          No!

Dave swoops in on a rope and grabs the remote, Tarzan-
style...


          Tally ho!



But unfortunately he smacks a roof support and drops the
remote. It bonks a bunch of minions on the head and lands on
the ground.

El Macho stares down Gru.   Fire in his eyes.


          We could've ruled the world
          together, Gru. But now--you're
          gonna die.

He pulls out a vial of PX-41 and drinks it. Gru GASPS. El
Macho transforms into a giant, purple, furry creature. He


Gru pulls the trigger on his jelly gun, but he is out of
ammunition. He then pulls out the FREEZE RAY and fires,
encasing El Macho's fists in blocks of ice. El Macho GROWLS
and slams his fists to the ground, shattering the ice and
knocking Gru off the platform and onto a scaffolding. Gru


The scaffolding tips over. El Macho grabs the scaffolding
and holds it above his head, ready to crush Gru.

Suddenly Gru pulls out Lucy's lipstick taser and fires it at
Purple El Macho! The jolt of electricity has him shaking and
dancing and ultimately sizzling and smoking, until he finally
collapses on the ground.


          Lipstick taser!

Lucy smiles at this.


          Aw...he copied me.

Gru runs off to save her.   The minions surround El Macho,
cocking their jelly guns.


              
          I am not afraid of your jelly guns.


          Oh, this ain't a jelly gun,
          sunshine.

Dr. Nefario fires the Fart Gun directly into El Macho's face,
causing him to pass out. The minions CHEER, firing their
jelly guns into the air.



One of the minions stands on top of El Macho and poses for a
big game hunter-style photo. Dr. Nefario smiles for the
camera as well.

Gru runs toward the rocket.


          Don't worry about me, Gru! I'll be
          fine. I have survived lots worse
          than this.
              
          Okay, that's not entirely true.
          I'm actually kind of freaking out
          up here!


          Don't worry--I will get you out of
          this!

Gru attempts to untie Lucy. And then sees Pollito has walked
over to the remote. Gru and Lucy GASP. The chicken looks at
Gru and Lucy, then pecks the button.


          I really hate that chicken.

The rocket blasts off into the air. The Minions and Girls
watch in horror as Gru and Lucy fly off on the rocket.




Gru uses his knife to cut Lucy's ropes. They SCREAM as the
shark gets loose and falls down to a SUSHI BAR below where
all of the CUSTOMERS and SUSHI CHEF CHEER.

Meanwhile, on the rocket Gru rips a panel off the side,
revealing a mess of WIRES inside.


          Is there a red one?   It's usually
          the red one.

Gru starts to pull out wires left and right.   To no avail.


          Gru, anytime now!

Gru GASPS, realizing they are approaching the VOLCANO. Time
is running out. Death is imminent. He looks Lucy in the
eyes.




           Listen, Lucy--we may not get out of
           this alive, so I need to ask you a
           question.


           Uh, better make it quick!


           If I'd asked you out on a date,
           what would you have said?


           Are you kidding me?!   Yes!

Gru smiles. Then realizes that the rocket is still careening
toward the volcano. He grabs Lucy.




Gru and Lucy grab hands and leap off the rocket.

The rocket plunges into the volcano.

Gru and Lucy plummet through the air.

KA-BLAAAAM!!! The volcano explodes in a massive tempest of
fire and smoke and lava.

The impact of the blast hits Gru and Lucy and sends them
flying.

SPLASH!   They hit the water.

BAM!   BOOM!   The volcano continues exploding.

SPLASH! Gru emerges, soaking and out of breath.     Fire and
lava flying all around him. He can't find Lucy.


           Oh!  Lucy!
               
           Lucy! Where are you?!

After a few moments, Lucy also emerges.    Gru is incredibly
relieved.


           Oh, Lucy!


           Gru!



Lucy smiles and hugs Gru. They both go underwater.       Then
come back up. Sputtering. And in love.


          Sorry...I guess you kind of need
          your arms to tread water, huh?

The Minions appear in the rowboat.


              
          Mack-oh! Mack-oh!      Mack-oh!

But they pass right by them.


          They'll be back...



Romantic music plays under the title card.




Four minions, dressed in matching suits, begin to sing a All-
4-One's "I Swear," pronounced "Underwear" in Minionese.

We are at Gru and Lucy's wedding reception. We PULL BACK to
the WEDDING CAKE, and then to Gru and Lucy dancing. As they
dance we see all of the wedding guests watching: Gru's Mom,
Dr. Nefario, Silas, Jillian, Shannon, Natalie, etc.

Gru dips Lucy and they attempt their kiss, but their noses
keep bumping. They finally manage to kiss and the crowd


We see the three girls watching in their beautiful bridesmaid
dresses. Agnes can barely contain her glee. PAN OVER TO
Edith, who makes a face.


          Can I be the first to say--ewwww!

The minions finish the song.

The girls sit at their table.    Agnes clearly has something on
her mind. She SIGHS.


          Okay.

She stands up on the table.




          Excuse me!

Looks out at the crowd, but they can't hear her.


          Um...hi!   Excuse me!

She still doesn't have the crowd's attention, so Margo taps
on her glass. Everyone looks to Agnes, who is visibly
nervous.


          Uh...hi, everybody! I'd like to
          make some toast. Uh...

She looks out at the crowd. Is really nervous. Looks over
at Gru. He smiles. Mouths "okay." This helps, and Agnes
pulls herself together and recites the Mothers Day poem from
earlier.


          She um...she um, kisses my boo-boos.
          She braids my hair.
          We love you mothers, everywhere!

Agnes turns to Lucy and looks her right in the eyes.


          And my new mom Lucy is beyond
          compare.

Lucy smiles, melting. The crowd goes "awwwww." Agnes and
Lucy spin around in a hug. The crowd cheers and applauds.
Gru, Margo and Edith join Agnes and Lucy in a group hug. The
family is complete.


          To the bride and Gru!

A minion begins to spin The Village People's "YMCA" at the DJ
table. The minions, several of whom are dressed as The
Village People, begin to perform the song. The minion
dressed as the Chiquita banana lady also joins in.

Then the entire family boogies across the dance floor,
including Dr. Nefario and Gru's Mom.








A minion poses Gru, Lucy, and the girls for a formal picture.
Everyone looks good. They all smile.



Another picture adds Gru's Mom, Dr. Nefario, and two minions
to the group.



Another picture adds even more minions to the group.



An evil minion pops up and photobombs the last picture!


           Blaaaaah!


