FADE IN:



A PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN is standing on the street corner waiting
for a bus. She's carrying books and looking very collegiate.

A black stretch LIMOUSINE with darkened windows drives past,
SLAMS ON ITS BRAKES, and backs up. The Young Woman stares at
her reflection in the windows, wondering what this is all
about.

Finally, the REAR PASSENGER WINDOW zips down, revealing LLOYD
CHRISTMAS, age 30. He's a pleasant-enough looking guy, if a
little shaggy. He's wearing a dark suit.


           Excuse me, can you tell me how to
           get to the medical school? I'm
           supposed to be giving a lecture in
           twenty minutes and my driver's a bit
           lost.


               
           Go straight aheads and makes a left
           over za bridge.

Lloyd checks out her body.


           I couldn't help noticing the accent.
           You from Jersey?


               
           Austria.


           Austria? You're kidding.
               
           Well, g'day, mate. What do you say
           we get together later and throw a
           few shrimp on the barbie.

The Young Woman turns her back to him and walks away.


               
           Guess I won't be going Down Under
           tonight...

He SIGHS and zips the window back up.





Lloyd climbs through the driver's partition into the front
seat. Then he puts a CHAUFFEUR'S CAP on his head and drives
away. We see that HE'S THE DRIVER!

The dispatch radio CRACKLES TO LIFE:


                
            Carr 22, come in, car 22...

Lloyd grabs his CB mike.


            This is 22.


            22, where the hell are you, Lloyd?
            You're running late on the East Side
            pick-up.


            Cool your jets, Arnie. I'm on my
            way.


                
            Well hurry it up. And make sure you
            park legally. One more ticket and
            your ass is history.




This building is white with black spots on it, like a
DALMATION. Over the front door is an awning shaped like a
DOG'S SNOUT, whiskers included. A van pulls up outside.

The vehicle is decorated like a GIANT POODLE, with four legs
hanging off the sides, a tail in the rear, and a dog's snout
on the front grill. MUTT CUTS is written on the side of it.

HARRY DUNNE climbs out. He's in his early 30s and dressed in
a ridiculous BEAGLE COSTUME, including a CAP WITH FLOPPY
EARS. He goes to the rear of the van, opens it, and a swarm
of DOGS pile out.


            Okay, gang, single file. You know
            the rules: No pushing, no humping,
            and no sniffing heinies...



The door to the shop opens and Harry's annoyed boss, MR.
PALMER, sticks his head out.


          Hey, why aren't those mutts on
          leashes?


          The same reason you're not on a leash,
          sir because it's demeaning and it
          chafes like hell.


          Just get them in here now! They all
          have to be bathed and clipped in an
          hour.

Palmer disappears back inside. Harry CALLS to the dogs but
they pay no attention. He struggles to keep them from
wandering off. He grabs a couple of SMALL POOCHES and sits
them on a wall.


          You kids stay right here...

As he turns to round up the other, we discover that the wall
isn't a wall it's a flatbed truck. The truck drives away,
taking the two dogs with it.


              
          Hey, wait a minute!

Harry chases after the vehicle.




Lloyd Christmas pulls the limousine into a long, tree-lined
driveway. He gets out and looks up in awe at an IMPRESSIVE
STONE MANSION. He WHISTLES to himself, then walks to the
front oor and RINGS THE BELL.

The double-front doors of the mansion open and MARY SWANSON
appears. She's 25 and gorgeous. Lloyd's jaw drops open when
he lays eyes on her.


          Hello.
              
          I'll be just a minute...



As Mary steps back inside, Lloyd takes out a tiny can of
Binaca. He sprays his mouth, under his arms, his hair, behind
his ears...





Lloyd is driving and Mary is in the back, looking out the
window, lost in thought. She's got a BRIEFCASE resting on
her lap and she fingers the leather nervously. Lloyd keeps
glancing at her in the rear-view mirror, but for a moment he
is speechless. Then:


          Why you going to the airport? Flying
          somewhere?


              
          How'd you guess?


          Well, I saw your luggage, then when
          I noticed the airline ticket, I put
          two and two together.
              
          So where you heading?


          Aspen.


          Oh, you're gonna love it. I hear
          California's beautiful this time of
          year.
Mary looks back out the window and Lloyd sneaks another
glance.


          Name's Christmas. Lloyd Christmas.


          I'm Mary.

ON LLOYD - we can almost see his mind work. He's desperate
to impress her.


          Uh, this isn't my real job, you know.
          It's only temporary.




          Oh?


          Yeah, you see, my friend Harry and I
          are saving up our money so we can
          open our own pet store.


          That's nice.


              
          I got worms.


          I beg your pardon?


          That's what we're gonna call it: I
          Got Worms. We're gonna specialize in
          selling worm farms you know, like
          ant farms. A lot of people don't
          realize that worms make much better
          pets than ants. They're quiet,
          affectionate, they don't bite, and
          they're super with the kids.


          Aren't ants quiet, too?

Lloyd realizes she has a point.


          Uh... well, sure but they aren't half
          as affectionate. And if you cut an
          ant's head off, it won't grow back.


          I see.


          And best of all, worm farming is a
          seventy-five-thousand-dollar-a-year
          industry. I wouldn't mind having a
          piece of that pie, if you know what
          I mean.

To her credit, she doesn't. They continue driving. Mary looks
at her watch and crosses her legs. Lloyd can see that she's
concerned about something.




          What's the matter? Little tense about
          the flight?


              
          Something like that.

Lloyd SWIVELS AROUND and STARES over his shoulder at her.


          It's really nothing to worry about,
          Mary. Statistically, they say you're
          more likely to get killed on the way
          to the airport. You know, like in a
          head-on crash, or something.


          Um, Lloyd, could please keep your
          eyes on the road.


          Good thinking. There's a lot of bad
          rivers out there.

Lloyd turns back to the steering wheel.





Lloyd is putting the last bags on a cart. He closes the trunk
and turns to Mary. She looks nervous and disconcerted as she
reaches into her purse. She pulls out a ten-dollar tip.


          Here you go.


          Keep it. It was my pleasure.

For the first time, Mary Swanson offers a slight smile. This
makes her more lovely than ever.


          Relax, Mary. Just get trashed and
          pass out. You'll be there before you
          know it.


          Thanks Lloyd.
              
          And good luck with your worms.



Then she PICKS UP HER BRIEFCASE and walks into the terminal,
followed by a PORTER pushing her bags. Lloyd watches her,
ENCHANTED, until she's out of sight.

Afterwards, he climbs back into the limo,  LOVESICK. For a
moment he doesn't even have the energy to  turn the key. He
just drops his head against the steering  wheel, DEVASTATED.
There's a TAP on the window. Lloyd looks  up to see a POLICE
OFFICER standing there.


          Come on, move it, you're in a red
          zone.

Lloyd starts the limo and pulls away.





Mary looks tense as she moves through the throngs of
travelers. Her pace is slow, deliberate, and her eyes are
focused straight ahead.

She passes a row of phone botths and two MEN one dressed in
an ARMANI SUIT, the other in a PLAID SPORTCOAT watch her.


          She's gonna leave the briefcase at
          the foot of the escalator. You make
          the pick-up.


          Piece of cake.


As Lloyd pulls his limo slowly away, he glances in the airport
window and SEES MARY



When she stops at the foot of the escalator, he stops, too.
She puts down the briefcase and checks her coat pocket for
her ticket. Lloyd's attention is distracted by a HONK. He
turns to see a car irectly behind him.


              
          Drive around me, you pinhead!

When he turns back to watch Mary in the terminal he sees
that SHE'S GONE, and she's LEFT HER BRIEFCASE AT THE FOOT OF
THE STAIRS. Lloyd jumps to ATTENTION.



He pulls the car into a HANDICAPPED SPOT and hops out. He
starts to run into the terminal, then notices the Police
Officer and suddenly goes into a spastic walk, limping and
dragging him leg behind him like a palsy victim.



The Armani Man nods to the Plaid Sportcoat and he starts to
approach the briefcase. Just as Plaid Sportcoat is reaching
for the handle, LLOYD RUNS BY AND GRABS IT. He CONTINUES UP
THE ESCALATOR three steps at a time. The two men look at
each other, dumbstruck.



Lloyd runs with the briefcase to the TV monitors that post
the departure times. He looks frantically at the confusion
of numbers.


          Damn!

QUICK CUT of a dejected Lloyd looking out the window as he
watches as Mary's airplane taxiing away.



Lloyd comes out with the briefcase, passing the two men, who
FOLLOW HIM AT A DISTANCE. He starts walking down the sidewalk
when suddenly he STOPS IN HIS TRACKS.

HIS POV - his limo is being towed away    under the supervision
of the Police Officer.

He takes off after it, but to no avail.

          You can't do this! I'll lose my job!

As Lloyd watches the limo get towed out of site, he runs his
fingers through his hair.





We see the Mutt Cuts van pull up and park at the curb. A
dejected Harry climbs out. At the same time, a taxi pulls up
and drops off Lloyd. (He's clutching Mary Swanson's
briefcase.) Both he and Harry climb the steps of the building.
They disappear inside without acknowledging each other.



ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STREET - a black Cadillac pulls up
and parks. Inside are the Armani suit and the Sportcoat.
They are J.P. SHAY and JOSEPH MENTALINO (aka JOE




           Who the hell do you figure this guy's
           working for?


           I don't know, but we'd better find
           out...

Mental takes some PILLS and starts CHOMPING them.


           Your ulcer?


           It ain't gonna kill me.



Lloyd and Harry trudge up the stairs and proceed silently
toward the door of their apartment.



Lloyd and Harry ENTER and   pass each other quietly as they
both plunk down in their   favorite easy chairs. (Lloyd still
has the briefcase in his   lap.) Harry's caged parakeet, PETEY,
tweets hello, but the two   guys just sit there SILENTLY.

The place is a mess. Wallpaper's peeling off the walls. The
carpet is threadbare and filthy. In the corner we see a
miniature WORM FARM and a large terrarium filled with dirt
and worms. Here are a couple pieces of haggard furniture
with stuffing spilling out of the gashes.


           I got fired again.

Lloyd shakes his head.


           I don't mean to be harsh, Harry, but
           let's face it, you are one pathetic
           loser. No offense.


           None taken. Were you shitcanned,
           too?




          Of course not.
              
          I quit.


          Why'd you quit?


          I had a hunch Arnie was gonna fire
          me.


          Why didn't you wait and see if your
          suspicions were well-founded?


          Winners control their own destiny,
          Har.

Lloyd fetches a couple beers from the fridge and throws one
to him.


          You know, the thing that really chaps
          my ass is that I just spent my life
          savings turning my van into a poodle.
              
          The alarm alone cost me two hundred.


          Big deal. That car's an old bomb
          anyway.


          What are you talking about? It's
          only six years old.


          That's forty-two in dog years.

They open their beers and drink simultaneously. Then Harry
notices the briefcase.


          What's with the briefcase?


          It's a love memento.


          Huh?




            The most beautiful woman alive. Her
            name was Mary. I drove her to the
            airport. Sparks flew, emotions ran
            high, breasts heaved. She left this
            case in the terminal and flew to
            Aspen and out of my life. End of
            story.


            What's in it?


            DO you really expect me to go snooping
            around in someone else's private
            property?


            Why not?


                
            It's locked.

They take another sip of their beers. Suddenly we hear a
LOUD KNOCK at the door. Petey the parakeet starts to SQUAWK.
The guys look at each other, ALARMED, then Harry tip-toes to
the



HARRY'S POV - a DISTORTED-LOOKING J.P. Shay and Joe Mental
are standing at the door.


                
            Friend or foe?



            We don't have any friends.

Harry is still squinting out the peephole.


            Can't recognize them. Could be student
            loan thugs again, or the IRS, or
            maybe somebody pissed off about that
            case of Girl Scout cookies you bounced
            a check on.




          Hey, I ordered Mystic Mint. The little
          swindlers gave me Peanut Butter
          Praline.


          Well, whoever they are, they look
          serious. One of them's even wearing
          plaid.


              
          That's a hostile pattern. I say we
          bail and get down to unemployment.

Lloyd GRABS THE BRIEFCASE and the two of them EXIT out the
window and down the fire escape.





The poodle van pulls up to the curb in front of the building
and PARKS NEXT TO A FIRE HYDRANT. Lloyd and Harry climb out.
Lloyd takes a trash can and places it OVER THE






STANLEY GRABNER is small, plump, balding, not a lot of laughs.


          Gentlemen, I'm delighted to say that
          neither I nor the unemployment
          epartment of the state of Rhose Island
          can do anything for you.
              
          You've run out of chances. You're
          unemployable. Remember last year?
          Middle of winter I busted my butt to



fifty an hour, and you went and blew it!


          Blew it? For your information, we
          only missed three days in two months.


          Yeah, and that was because of a
          blizzard




              


Grabner falls back in his chair, exhausted.


          Come on, Stan. I'm sure you can find
          something else for us. How about
          another crack at that Suicide Hotline?

Grabner jumps up.








J.P. Shay is looking through Harry and Lloyd's kitchen
cupboards as Joe Mental comes out of the bedroom.


          The briefcase ain't here. He must've
          taken it with him.


          Shit.
              
          Well he's gotta come home sometime.

Joe Mental ominously approaches Petey the parakeet's cage.


          Maybe we should leave him a little
          message to let 'em know we're playing
          hardball.

Mental opens the cage door and wraps his meaty fist around
the bird, who SCREECHES IN




              
          I taut I taw a puddy cat.

Mental smiles, and as we PAN to J.P. Shay, we hear a bone-
chilling O.S. SNAP and Petey the bird stops SQUAWKING.




              
          I did, I did...



The Mutt Cuts van pulls up to the curb. A depressed Lloyd
and Harry climb out and mope up to their apartment building
entrance.


          Give me what's left of our dough.
          I'll go to the corner and buy a few
          necessities.

Harry hands his friend some crumpled bills.


          What's cheaper, Thunderbird or Night
          Train?


          Get Robitussin it's a better buzz.





Lloyd comes out of the store with his arms full of groceries.
He stops at a newspaper machine, pulls out his WALLET and
removes a quarter.

He drops the quarter in the machine, opens it, and realizes
that he DOESN'T HAVE A FREE HAND to pick up the newspaper.
He puts his wallet inside the machine, picks up the newspaper,
and as he does so THE MACHINE SLAMS SHUT WITH HIS WALLET


Lloyd SIGHS, puts his grocery bags on the machine, and checks
his pockets. NO MORE CHANGE. Just then, an ELDERLY WOMAN
struggles by using a WALKER.


          Excuse me, little old lady, do you
          have change for a dollar?


          Change? No, I'm sorry, I don't...


          Well could you do me a favor and
          guard this while I go break a dollar?
          My wallet's locked in this machine.




          Of course, young man...

Lloyd runs back into the store. We HOLD ON THE STORE DOOR as
Lloyd EXITS a few seconds later with a handful of quarters.
Suddenly he stops in his tracks. The ELDERLY LADY, HER WALKER,
AND HIS GROCERIES ARE GONE. As he takes a closer look, he
sees that







A thoroughly beleaguered Lloyd is trudging empty-handed up
the steps to his apartment.



The door opens and Lloyd ENTERS. Harry is sitting on the
couch, looking almost comatose.


          Where's the booze?


          It's gone. I got robbed by Grandma
          Walton. She got my wallet, too.

Harry drops his head and lets out a MOAN.


          Come on, man, cheer up. We've been
          own before. I'm sure we'll land on
          our heads somewhere.

          It gets worse, Lloyd. My parakeet
          Petey he's... he's dead.

Lloyd looks touched by this.


          Oh man, I'm sorry, Harry. What
          happened?


          His head fell off.


          His head fell off?




            Yeah, he was pretty old.

Lloyd puts his hand on Harry's shoulder compassionately.


                
            I don't suppose he had a warranty...?


            Nah, I bought him used.

As Lloyd thinks about the unfairness of life, he grows upset.


            That's it! I've had it with this
            ump! We don't have food, we don't
            have jobs, our pets' heads are falling
            off, we're surrounded by roving gangs
            of larcenous old




            Okay, calm down.


            No I won't calm down.

Lloyd flops down in a chair.


            What the hell are we doing here
            anyway, Harry? We've got to get out
            of this town.

            Yeah, and go where?


            I'll tell you where: someplace warm,
            a place where the beer flows like
            wine, where beautiful women
            instinctively flock like the salmon
            of Capistrano.
                
            I'm talking about Aspen.


            Aspen?


            That's right, Aspen.




          I don't know, Lloyd, the French are
          assholes.


          Let me ask you something: do you
          want to end up like Petey dead in
          some flea-ridden apartment, face-
          down on a Dear Abby column, with a
          soggy sunflower seed pressed against
          your beak? Or do you want to enjoy
          your life?
              
          Come on, Harry, don't let Petey's
          eath be in vain. Don't you see what
          he was saying? Spread your wings,
          man. he was saying? Spread your wings,
          man. Fly.


              
          What are you talking about, Lloyd?
          His head fell off.
              
          Wait a second, I know what you're up
          to. You just wanna go to Aspen so
          you can find that girl who lost her
          briefcase and you need me to drive
          you there.


          That's bullshit. I'll drive.
              
          And what's so wrong about going
          someplace where we know someone who
          can plug us into the social pipeline?

              
          I don't know, Lloyd. I think we should
          stay here, hunt for jobs, and keep
          saving money for the worm store. I'm
          getting a little sick and tired of
          always running from creditors.

Lloyd moves to the window and looks out at the gray, wintry
cityscape.


          You know what I'm sick and tired of,
          Harry? I'm sick and tired of having
          to eek my way through life. I'm sick
          and tired of being a nobody.





              
          But most of all, I'm sick and tired
          of having nobody.

There's a deadly SILENCE as they both think about this. Then
Harry tries to lighten the mood. He opens his arms wide.


          Come on, Lloyd. Give us a kiss.


          On the other hand, maybe you're right,
          Harry. Maybe we should stay here and
          try our luck in bankruptcy court.
          With all those lawsuits against us,
          I'm sure we'll win at least one. It
          could be a boost to our egos.

Harry sees that Lloyd has a point. He stands and approaches
Petey's cage. His eyes fill with tears.


                 
          Petey, I made a promise to you once,
          man...
                 
          ...and I'll be damned if I can remember
          what it was.





The Mutt Cutts van is going down the highway while Danny
Wilson's "Mary's Prayer" plays on the soundtrack. The van
drives past and we HOLD ON a sign that reads: "YOU ARE LEAVING




SHOTS of the car travelling down the road while the song
continues to play.



Harry's behind the wheel and Lloyd's in the passenger seat.
The Animal's "We've Got to Get Out of This Place" is BLASTING
on the radio and the guys are SINGING ALONG:




          "We've got to get out of this place,
          If it's the last thing we ever do,
          We've got to get out of this place,
          Girl, there's a better life, for me
          and you..."

Lloyd turns down the radio.


          Well, we're finally doing it. Do you
          realize that in all the years we've
          known each other, this is the first
          time we've done this together.


          Been run out of town?


          Taken a trip.

Harry reaches over and UNDOES HIS SEATBELT. Lloyd watches,
curious.


          Why'd you do that?


          What?


          Take your seatbelt off.


          Because we just cleared the danger
          zone.

          Huh?


          Don't you know anything, Lloyd? Ninety
          percent of all accidents happen within
          five miles of home. We've already
          traveled 6.3 miles.




          Well what about the people who live
          around here? What if we got into an
          accident with one of them?



Harry considers this, then sheepishly puts his seatbelt back
on. Lloyd opens a bag of Doritos and fiddles with the radio.


          Where'd you get those?


          Bought 'em when we filled up.


          Lloyd, I thought we agreed to confer
          on all expenditures. We're on a tight
          budget, remember?


          This didn't come out of our travel
          fund. I was able to scrape up twenty-
          five bucks before we left. You know,
          so we could live in style.


          Where'd you get twenty-five extra
          bucks?


          I sold some stuff to Billy in 4-C.


          You mean the blind kid?


          That's right.

Lloyd looks out the window guiltily.


          What did you sell him, Lloyd?


          Just some odds and ends.


          Specifically?


          Oh, a few baseball cards, a sack of
          marbles, Petey, three comic books a
          second, are you telling me you sold
          my dead bird to a blind kid? Well
          who else was I gonna sell it to?


          But Lloyd, Petey didn't even have a
          head.




          Put your mind at ease, friend. I
          took care of it.





At the bottom of the stairs leading up to the building is a
little blind boy, BILLY. He sits in a wheelchair playing
with a PARAKEET WHOSE HEAD IS SCOTCH-TAPED ON. He throws the
ead bird up, but it flops into his lap.


          Fly!

Joe Mental and J.P. Shay approach and climb the steps.



CLOSE ON A NOTE - taped to Harry and Lloyd's apartment door.
It reads: TO ALL OUR




PULLBACK to reveal Joe Mental and J.P. Shay.


          Those bastards. They're rubbing it
          right in our faces.


          Shit! Andre will have a goddamn
          aneurysm if we don't get that
          briefcase back.

          Don't   worry, we'll get it back. And
          I'll   tell you something else. They
          ain't   gonna reach Aspen, either.
          I'll   make sure of that.

Mental takes out more ANTACID PILLS and starts to chew on
them.



A pissed-off Shay and Mental EXIT the building. Mental pops
more antacid pills into his mouth as they descend the stairs.
Little Billy is still tossing the lifeless parakeet into the
air.




          Come on, boy, fly!

Plop. Then Billy hears Shay and Mental on the steps and CALLS



          Excuse me, mister. Is there something
          wrong with my bird?

Mental picks up the bird, studies it, then angrily and WINGS
IT DOWN THE STREET as hard as he can.


          Don't worry, Ironside, he just flew
          south for the winter.





Harry is still driving while Lloyd studies a map spread out
before him.


          How far have we gone?


          According to this map, about an inch
          and a half.


          Shit. We're gonna need a smaller map
          or we'll never get there. We don't
          have enough gas money.

          Relax. We have more than enough.


          I believe you're wrong, Lloyd.


          And I believe I'm right, Harry.


          I still say wrong, Lloyd.


          How much you wanna bet?


          I don't bet.



Lloyd looks at his friend, incredulous.


          What do you mean you don't bet?


          I mean I don't gamble, you know that.
          Never have and never will.


          Oh, bull. I'll bet you our next meal
          that I can get you gambling before
          the day's out.


          There's no way, Lloyd. You can't do
          it.


          I'll give you three-to-one odds.
          That's three feedbags if you win,
          against only one if you lose.


          You're wasting your money, Lloyd. I
          already told you, I don't gamble.


          Okay, five-to-one I can get you
          gambling before the day's out.


          Sorry, pal, no way.


          Make it ten-to-one.
Harry sticks out his hand.


          You got yourself a bet, sucker!

As Harry SHAKES LLOYD'S HAND, Lloyd breaks into a BIG SMILE.
Harry immediately realizes he's been had.





The Mutt Cutt van is sandwiched between mountainous tractor-
trailer trucks.





Lloyd and Harry are sitting at a booth, surrounded by tables
of tough-looking TRUCKERS. Harry oesn't look happy. A middle-
aged, no-nonsense WAITRESS approaches their table with a
couple of burgers and drinks. She puts them down in front of
the boys and starts to walk away.


                   



The Waitress reluctantly returns to the table.


             What's the soup du jour?


             It's the soup-of-the-day.


             Sounds tasty. I'll have a bowl.


                 
             Anything else before I leave the
             area?


             Actually, this chocolate milk isn't
             mixed very well. Could you please
             bring me a spoon?

The Waitress SIGHS and picks up the milk. Then she BLOWS




             There. Now you don't need one.

The guys watch her stomp away.





back country-folk, don't it, Harry?

Harry wipes off his straw with a napkin. As he moves to put
it in the ashtray, he accidentally






          Uh-oh...


          What's the matter?


          You spilled the salt. That's bad
          luck. We're driving across the country
          and the last thing we need is bad
          luck. Quick, toss a handful of salt
          over your right shoulder.


          What for?


          Because that's good luck.

Harry shrugs, shakes some salt into his palm, and flings it
over his shoulder. Suddenly they hear a




              
          What the fuck?!


          Or was it the left shoulder?

They turn and see a burly TRUCKER wiping salt out of his
eyes.


          Who's the dead man threw shit in my
          eye?

The huge Trucker stands and squints at Lloyd and Harry. He's
wearing a FOAM BASEBALL CAP that says: WINE 'EM, DINE 'EM,



          It was a terrible accident, Sir.
          Believe me, I would never do anything
          to offend a man of your size. Please
          accept my most sincere apology.

The Trucker GROWLS and approaches the table, egged on by his
equally burly FRIENDS.


          Teach him a lesson, Sea Bass!



Sea Bass glares down at Harry's hamburger.


          You gonna eat that?


          Um... the thought had crossed my mind.

At this, Sea Bass leans over and DROPS A BIG, BROWN WAD OF





          Still want it?

Harry stares at the burger non-commitally.


          Nah, you go ahead.

Sea Bass picks up the burger and walks back to his table, to
the LAUGHTER of his friends.





J.P. Shay is at the gas pump filling the black Cadillac while
Joe Mental stretches his legs. A large truck pulls away,
REVEALING THE PREVIOUSLY HIDDEN MUTT CUTTS VAN. Mental smiles
at this, and we




The Waitress drops the check on Lloyd and Harry's table and
STOMPS away. Harry studies the bill and SIGHS.


          Perfect. I'm out eight bucks and I
          still haven't eaten.


          Well if you'd stop picking fights
          with the locals...
              
          Wait a second. I think I just had an
          idea. Follow me...

Lloyd stands and walks over to Sea Bass and his pals. A
nervous Harry trails after him.




          Excuse me, gentlemen, I'd just like
          to apologize for that unpleasant
          scene a little earlier.


          Huh?


          What I'm trying to say is, my friend
          and I would like to buy you guys a
          round of beers, just to bury the
          hatchet.

Harry stares at Lloyd like he's out of his mind, but the
Truckers seem to like the idea.


          Make it four boiler-makers.


          Whatever you want, sir. I'll have
          the waitress send them over. Oh, and
          fellas hope to see you again down
          the road.

Lloyd and Harry move away from the table toward the CASHIER.


          Lloyd, what are you doing? You know
          we can't afford to buy them drinks.

Lloyd hands the Cashier their check.


          Um, Sea Bass and the fellas offered
          to pick up our check. They said just
          add this to their tab.


              
          Sea Bass said that?


          Well, if that guy at the table over
          there is Sea Bass...

He points across the room to Sea Bass and company. Sea Bass

TO MISS OUT ON HIS FREE DRINK. The Cashier is convinced.


          Okey-dokey, if that's what he wants...



Harry smiles at this. He grabs a couple Beef Jerky's, a candy
bar, and a copy of The National Enquirer off the counter.


          Oh, and put these on there, too.


          You got it.


              
          By the way, how far is it to Rhode
          Island from here?





The front door BURSTS OPEN and a red-faced Sea Bass STORMS
OUT, followed by his buddies, the Cashier, and the Waitress.


          I'm gonna kill those sons-of-bitches!


          Hurry and you'll catch 'em. They was
          on their way to Rhode Island.

The Truckers jump in their rigs and RUMBLE AWAY   in the
OPPOSITE DIRECTION our boys are headed.





The Mutt Cutts van breezes by.


A jubilant Harry's driving and chewing on a mouthful of Beef
Jerky.


          I just wish we could've seen Sea
          Bass's face when he got the bill.


          I hope we never have to.


          Don't worry. That fish-head is
          probably half-way to Providence by
          now.




          I hope so.

Harry checks his rear-view mirror nervously.


          Hey, stop the car. I gotta take a
          whiz.


          Are you crazy? I'm not stopping now.
          What if they figure out we went the
          other way. They'll be on us in no
          time.


          But I gotta go. What am I supposed
          to do?


          Hold it.


          I can't hold it. I'm about to explode.


          Well... just take a whiz in an empty
          beer bottle. There's a couple on the
          floor in the back seat.


          Are you serious?


          Yes, I'm serious. I'm not stopping
          now. We could get killed.
Lloyd SIGHS. He takes an EMPTY BEER BOTTLE from the back
seat and UNZIPS his fly. Suddenly we hear a PEEING SOUND.
Then:


          Uh-oh...


          What's the matter?


          The bottle's almost full and I'm
          still going.


          Well stop going.




          I can't stop once I already started,
          you know that. Quick, get me another
          bottle.

Harry can BARELY HOLD THE STEERING WHEEL as he reaches way
in the back seat for an empty.


          Jesus, be careful! You almost went
          off the road.


          I'm sorry, Lloyd. I'm doing the best
          I can.

He hands Lloyd another empty and Lloyd quickly makes the
switch.


          Here, hold this.

Before Harry knows it he's holding the full BOTTLE OF URINE.



As the Mutt Cutts van travels down the highway, it passes a
STATE TROOPER on a motorcycle hidden in the bushes. The
Trooper takes off after them.



Harry is doing his best to steer while now holding FIVE FULL
BOTTLES AND Lloyd is still going at it in the passenger seat.


          What are you, a goddamn camel?


          Hey, I haven't gone all day.

Just then they hear a LOUDSPEAKER:


              
          Pull over!

They turn to see the POLICE MOTORCYCLE cruising right beside
then. Harry rolls down his window and CALLS OUT:


          Huh?






Harry glances down at his sweater he's wearing, then back at
the Trooper.


              
          No, it's a Cardigan! But thanks for
          noticing!

He rolls his window back up and turns to an equally baffled
Lloyd.


          Jesus, what is this, the fashion
          police?

The Cop turns on his SIREN.










The STATE TROOPER is walking up beside the stopped Mutt Cutts
van, staring at it with isapproval.


          License and registration, please.

Harry hands him the papers.

          You know, you fellas were all over
          the road back there.


          Yes, sir, we had a little... ifficulty
          in the car.


          Uh-huh.
              
          Have you boys been doing a little
          rinking maybe?


          No, sir.




           Then what's that?

He points to the OPEN, FULL BEER BOTTLES hidden in the seat
between them.


           Oh, that's nothing, sir.


           Do you know it's against the law to
           rive with an open alcohol container
           in this state?


           But, your honor, he's telling the
           truth. It's not beer.

The officer smirks.


           Is that right?

The Trooper reaches in and picks up one of the bottles. He
inspects the beer label, then MOVES




           Sir, I wouldn't TROOPER --You'd keep
           your mouth shut if you knew what was
           good for you.


               


Harry shoots Lloyd a look as the Trooper begins GULPING down
the piss. He pauses uncertainly and a SICK LOOK COMES OVER
HIS FACE. He takes a DEEP BREATH. Then:


               
           Get the hell out of here.



The Mutt Cutts van is pulling back onto the highway while
the officer remains in the breakdown lane with his hands on
his knees.







The van is making steady progress through the dark night.



Lloyd is driving now while Harry sleeps in the passenger
seat. The song, "Cut Flowers" by The Smithereens, starts to
play as Lloyd FANTASIZES about his future in Aspen.





Lloyd is walking up the steps of a luxurious, snow-covered
chalet, carrying Mary's briefcase. The sky is absurdly blue
and children are making a snowman on the lawn. It's all out
of a dream world. He KNOCKS on the door, tentatively. Mary
opens it. She looks at him, then at the briefcase, and breaks
into the BIGGEST, SWEETEST SMILE he's ever seen. Then she
slowly backs into the house, gesturing for him to follow...

Lloyd follows Mary down a hallway. As he trails after her,
she pulls off her shirt, revealing her bare back, and glances
over her shoulder at him.

CAMERA MOVES around a corner and now we're in a STEAMY
BATHROOM. The shower is running and we see the silhouette of
two people behind the curtain.


                    




                  
              How does that feel, Lloyd?


                    





CLOSE ON LLOYD - we see he's taking the TEGRIN CHALLENGE,
with different shampoos on either side of his head and a
noticeable part down the middle.


                  
              How's the other side?




            Nothing. Nothing at all.


                
            Lloyd, will you wash my nipples...?

ON MARY - her   hair is slicked back, making her look better
than ever. As   the CAMERA PANS DOWN toward her breasts, we
are surprised   to see not breasts but a SET OF HEADLIGHTS
SUPERIMPOSED   OVER HER CHEST AREA. The headlights FLASH ONCE.
Then TWICE.

ON LLOYD - he blinks, confused at what's happening.

JUMP CUT   TO - an eighteen-wheeler is ROARING RIGHT TOWARD
THE MUTT   CUTTS VAN on the highway. Lloyd quickly veers back
into his   lane and avoids tragedy by a whisker. A shaken Lloyd
lets out   a SIGH OF RELIEF, and we





The Mutt Cutts van is parked outside this seedy establishment.
A neon sign blinks: GROUP




                
            I don't know, Lloyd, I feel a little
            sleazy staying here when we're not
            even engaged.


                
            Hey, it's the only motel that charges
            by the hour. We can't afford anything
            else.



Lloyd and Harry are sitting in a large, HEART-SHAPED JACUZZI.
Lloyd is sipping a beer and Harry is absorbed in the Enquirer
as the water swirls around them.


            Yep, this sure is the life. Cold
            beer, a hot tube, and fuzzy pink
            sheets... You know, there's only one
            thing that could make this moment
            any better.




          What's that?


          If you had a nice set of knockers.


          That's two things, Lloyd.


          Right now I'd settle for one.

Lloyd takes a swig of beer. Harry puts down the paper and
looks around at the romantic decor.


          I don't know, Lloyd, these places
          just don't do it for me. Brings back
          too many memories.


          What happened, Harry? Some little
          filly break your heart?


          Nah, it was a girl. Fraida Felcher.
          We stayed at a place like this once
          No-Tell Motel out on Route 31.


          Felcher? You mean the babe who worked
          for the tractor company?

Harry nods.


          The same. We had this incredibly
          romantic time. Boy, I thought we'd
          be together forever.

          Then about a week later, right out
          of the blue, she sends me a John
          Deere letter.


          That's cold, Har. Give you any reason?


          I called her up and she gave me some
          crap about me not listening to her
          enough or something like that. I
          wasn't really paying attention.



Harry reaches for a beer and busts it open. He takes a big
gulp.


          Thing that really hurts is I think
          she was seeing another guy. Never id
          find out who.

ON LLOYD - he does his best to hide his GUILT.





We see that the black Cadillac is   parked a few cars over
from the Mutt Cutts van with J.P.   Shay in the passenger seat.
PAN OVER to a payphone. Inside is   Joe Mental. Outside the
booth, an ANXIOUS MAN impatiently   paces back and forth as he
waits for the phone.


              
          The boys are holed-up in a little
          love nest for the night. I think
          they're a couple of fucking weirdos.



NICHOLAS ANDRE is pacing around the room with a cordless
phone. He's in his late 30s, wears a ponytail, and dresses
in Aspen/Rodeo Drive chic.


          What in hell are those guys up to?
          Is it possible that they're Feds?



          Unlikely from what I've seen.

The ANXIOUS MAN taps on the phone booth and motions for Mental
to hang up.


          I don't like this one goddamn bit,
          Mental. You and Shay were supposed
          to grab that bag so we could end
          this shit. Now I don't know what the
          hell's going on.

Andre SIGHS and wipes some perspiration from his upper lip.
The Anxious Man KNOCKS on the booth again.




          Hold on a second, Mr. Andre...

Mental puts the phone down and motions the    Anxious Man closer
to the booth. The Man moves forward a few    inches. Mental
motions him even closer. When he's about a    foot away, Mental
punches his hand through the glass of the    booth and knocks
the Anxious Man out cold. Then

Mental picks up the phone again.


          Sorry, boss. You were saying...?


          Look, Mental, just find out what
          they're up to. I want to know who
          these guys are.


          Don't worry. I'm on it.

Mental hangs up the phone, looks around to make sure he's
not being watched, then approaches the parked Mutt Cutt van.
He's joined by J.P. Shay.

As they get within five feet of the vehicle, we hear a LOW
GROWL. They stop in their tracks and turn, expecting to see
a dog but there isn't one. They both take another step
forward, and the GROWL GETS LOUDER AND MEANER. Again, Mental
and Shay stop. He peeks under the car. Nothing.


          What the fuck...?

Finally, Shay reaches for the door handle. As soon as he
touches it, though, the car alarm goes off but instead of a
siren, it's the incredibly annoying sound of a POODLE YAPPING.
Mental jumps back and pulls his gun.


          Where's the goddamn dog?

Shay shrugs, nervous. The YAPPING grows EVEN LOUDER now,
forcing a flustered Shay and Mental to retreat from the scene.





ESTABLISHING SHOT of a luxurious mountainside home.





An agitated Mary Swanson (the young woman who lost her
briefcase) is pacing back and forth in




younger second wife, HELEN.


          It just doesn't make any sense. I
          left the money exactly where they
          instructed me to.


          Actually, it makes a great deal of
          sense, Mary. We should have called
          in the authorities the moment we
          knew Melvin had been kidnapped.


          Now, Helen, we've been through this
          already for Christ's sake, Karl,
          these bastards will extort us into
          bankruptcy if we let them.


          But I'd never forgive myself if
          something happened to Melvin.


          Stop upsetting my daughter, Helen.
          She's been through quite enough
          already.

          It's not her fault, Daddy. We're all
          a little on edge.

Just then the living room door opens and the pony tailed
Nicholas Andre ENTERS. He looks appropriately solemn.


          Has there been any word, Mr. Swanson?


          Nothing yet, Nicholas.

Andre looks upset.


          Perhaps I should call off the
          Preservation benefit this weekend.





schedule.


            No, Nicholas, it's imperative that
            we carry on as usual.

The atmosphere in the room couldn't be more somber. Karl
Swanson holds his hand out to his aughter.


            Don't worry, sweetheart. I'll do
            everything they ask. Nothing's going
            to happen to Melvin, I promise you.


            Thank you, Daddy.

Karl Swanson looks out the window, concerned.





The black Cadillac pulls over to the side of the road. Joe
Mental gets out of the car and props the hood open. He takes
out his gun, SLIDES IN A NEW CLIP, and puts it back in his
pocket.


                
            Lie down on the front seat. After
            they pick me up I want you to follow
            us.
Then he folds his arms and the two killers wait for the van
to come along.





Lloyd taps Harry's shoulder.


            You're it.

Harry taps Lloyd back.


            You're it.

Lloyd immediately taps Harry.




          You're it. Quitsies.


              
          Anti-quitsies. You're it. Quitsies.
          No anti-quitsies. No startsies.

Lloyd shakes his head, defeated.


          Damn, you're good, Harry.
              
          Hey, didn't I tell you this trip
          would be a blast?



Joe Mental squints down the road, sees the Mutt Cutts van
approaching, and starts WAVING HIS HANDS to flag them down.



Through the windshield we can see Mental waving. The guys
don't slow down, through. The just WAVE BACK as they BLOW
RIGHT BY HIM. Harry also toots the horn, which makes the




          See, I told you these country folks
          were friendly, Harry.



As an angry Mental watches them disappear down the road,
Shay sits up in the front seat.


          What happened?


          These fuckers are really pissing me
          off now.





We hear The Zombie's 'Time of the Season' as the van flashes
by.






          Refresh my memory on something, Lloyd:
          what exactly do we do when we get to
          Aspen?


          Well the first thing we do is take a
          good deep breath of that famous
          Aspenese air.


          Fresh, huh?


          The freshest. They say on any day of
          the week you can smell a moose-fart
          ten miles away.


                
          Wow... talk about paradise.
                
          And after we're finished breathing,
          what next, Lloyd?


          Then we make a splash on the social
          scene.

Just then, Lloyd notices something up the road.


          Harry, look the golden arches. Pull
          over, I'm starving.




The Mutt Cutt car is at the drive-through window.


          ...That's two cheese burgers, two fries,
          and two medium Cokes. Five seventy-
          two.

Harry hands a ten-dollar-bill to the Employee, who returns a
handful of change.


          Thanks.



Then, before he can  give them   the bag of food, the guys
absentmindedly DRIVE  OFF. As   they pull out of the parking
lot, the McDonald's  Employee   sticks his head out the window
and WAVES THE BAG OF  FOOD at   them.


           Hey!

But the guys are already around the corner.



The Mutt Cutt van is on the road again, cruising along.




           About this social scene how do you
           expect a couple mutts like us to
           make a splash in the land of pedigrees
           when we don't even have any money?


           Look, once we drop the briefcase off
           to Mary, she'll be so grateful she'll
           plug us right into the party circuit.
           After that, we do a little of the
           ski



rubbers, and walk out of there in the spring with enough
business connections to open a first-class worm operation.
You see, you don't get rich working, Harry. You get rich
knowing the rich.

           Where'd you hear that?


           Some bum down at unemployment.

Harry thinks about this.


           I don't know, Lloyd.


           What's the matter?


           Money does terrible things to people.
           I mean, we could lose our friendship.



Lloyd thinks about this.


          Yeah? So?

Harry nods and looks out the window. Suddenly SOMETHING DAWNS



          Hey, wait a second. Hold everything.


          What?


          Aren't you forgetting something?

Harry thinks about this.


          Back at Mickey D's? A little matter
          you might've overlooked...?

Harry wracks his brain, but to no avail.


          What?

Lloyd rolls his eyes.


          My change.

As a sheepish Harry gives Lloyd his change, they notice
something up ahead.



DOWN AGAIN. This time the Cadillac is PARKED SIDEWAYS ACROSS





          I think this guy's in trouble. Why
          on't you pull over.

Lloyd looks at Harry. Harry remembers that he's driving. He
pulls the car to the side of the road. Mental approaches the
passenger window.




          You guys going as far as Des Moines?
          My car died and I'm late for a
          business meeting.





They're back on the highway and Joe Mental is SITTING BETWEEN
THEM, looking extremely ANNOYED. The guys are in the middle
of an argument.


          It's a fruit.


          It's a vegetable.


          I'm telling you, it's a fruit.


          And I happen to know it's a vegetable.


          Tell you what, why don't we leet an
          impartial judge decide.


          Fine with me.

Harry turns to Joe Mental.


          Hey, Mr. Mentalino, settle our bet:
          Are jelly beans fruits or vegetables?

Mental grits his teeth as he pops a few antacid pills in his
mouth. He reaches into his coat pocket and we see a GLINT OF
STEEL. Just when he's about to pull the gun out, though,
Lloyd hits the breaks and SKIDS to a stop beside a bunch of
hitchhiking MIGRANT WORKERS.





The trio have picked up SIX MIGRANT WORKERS and everyone is
crammed into the car including a CRYING BABY who sits on a
pissed-off Mental's lap. Someone's playing a FLAMENCO GUITAR
and the gang is SINGING a SPANISH SONG.







The Migrant Family is gone now. Harry and Lloyd are playing
a game while Mental stares straight ahead, furious. His eyes
are watering and he looks ill.


          Okay, Harry, my turn. Let 'er rip.

Harry lifts a cheer and lets out a LOUD FART. Lloyd SNIFFS a
few times, then closes his eyes and WAFTS it up toward his
nostrils, as if it was the aroma of a fine wine.


          Hmmm... full-bodied, delicate bouquet,
          aged to perfection will rip no fart
          before it's time.
              
          Come on, Marquis of Dingleberry's
          rules: you got ten seconds. All right.
          I'll say: cheese doodles, chili dog
          extra onions, garden salad with blue...


          And...?


          Kit-Kat bar.

Harry throws up his arms, defeated. He hands Lloyd a buck.


          You're the best, man.
              
          Okay, my turn.

          Where are your manners, Harry? We
          have a guest.

Harry punches Mental's shoulder playfully.


          Come on, Mr. Mentalino. Let one fly.
          It's only a buck.





A large neon road sign beside the caf shows a man's
exasperated face with FLAMES SHOOTING FROM HIS NOSE, MOUTH
AND EARS. The sign advertises: HOTTEST CHILI







Lloyd and Harry are sitting at a table with a hateful Joe
Mental. The boys are each holding up a




          I'll do one if you will.


          Okay, you go first.


          No, you go first.


          No, you go first.


          Why don't you both stop being a couple
          of pussies and go at the same time.
          It ain't that hot.

Lloyd and Harry exchange a look, then simultaneously BITE



          Hmmm, not bad...


          Yeah, more tingly than hot.

Suddenly the boys' EYES LIGHT UP. THEY LET OUT A SHRIEK. A
smile begins to curl on Mental's lips. He pours them a couple
glasses of water from a pitcher.


          Have some water. It'll help.

Lloyd and Harry who are both sweating profusely now start
to GULP down their water. This, of course, makes it burn
more.


          Aw, shucks, that's right. Water just
          makes it worse...

The boys run to the bar and DUMP PITCHERS OF WATER ON THEIR
HEADS, much to the elight of a CHUCKLING Joe Mental.







Mental is on the phone outside the front door TALKING to
Nicholas Andre.




          It's Mental. I'm just sitting down
          to a nice meal with our boys.


          Good work. What did you find out so
          far?


          Nothing yet, but I'm gonna shake 'em
          own for information at lunch.
              
          Then I'm gonna kill 'em for dessert.


          Well eat fast, time's running out.

And whatever you do, don't let them get any closer. I don't
need them here running around Aspen.

Mental pulls a BLACK VIAL OF PILLS out of his jacket.


          Relax, they ain't gonna be running
          around anywhere after I dump a little
          cyanide in their pops.


Back at the table, the boys are soaked and HUFFING as if
they just finished the Boston Marathon. The burgers have
been served, but Lloyd and Harry are still too traumatized
to touch them.


          That really wasn't very polite of
          him, was it? Maybe we should loosen
          the screws of his chair.


          Harry Dunne, I'm surprised at you.
          Perhaps it's about time you brushed



fearing adults call the Bible. It's crammed with all kinds
of pithy rules to live your life by.




              
          You mean like 'turn the other cheek?'


          No, I mean like 'an eye for an eye.'
          Hand me those peppers the atomic
          ones.

Harry passes the jar and the two of them LOAD JOE MENTAL'S





              
          Here he comes.

Lloyd and Harry bite into their food as Joe Mental sits back
down at the table.


          Feeling any better, boys?

As he pours ketchup on his burger, the guys glance at each
other and TITTER. Then he picks it up and brings it to his
mouth. Just before biting into it, though, he PAUSES.


          So tell me, why you fellas headed to
          Aspen? Vacation?


          More like re-location.

Mental starts toward the burger but stops again.

          Doesn't look like you packed much.
          All I saw was a couple bags... and
          that briefcase.


          The briefcase isn't even ours. Some
          lady just left it at the airport.
          We're bringing it back to her.

This is news to Mental.


          You mean you don't even know her?


          Not really. I was just her limo river.



Mental looks at the two of them and realizes that they're
serious. Then he BREAKS OUT




            Talk about being in the wrong place
            at the wrong time...

Lloyd and Harry share a     confused look. Mental shakes his
head and BITES INTO HIS     BURGER, CHEWING HEARTILY. Almost
immediately, his happy     demeanor is replaced by a LOOK OF
HORROR. His FACE TURNS     RED, HE GRABS HIS STOMACH AND FALLS




The boys look at each other guiltily, then bend down to help
him.


            Hey, you okay, man? It was just a
            goof.



            My ulcer... quick... pills... in my coat...

Harry checks Mental's coat pocket        for his antacid pills but
unwittingly brings out the BLACK        OF CYANIDE PILLS. He shakes
some pills out and hands them to        Mental, who tosses them in
his mouth and starts to MUNCH on        them.

For a moment, he appears to improve. His BREATHING SLOWS and
he sits up. Then his EYES


MENTAL'S POV - QUICK ZOOM IN on the black bottle Harry is
holding!


            You son-of-a-bitch!

Mental GURGLES and keels over, DEAD.





Lloyd and Harry are back on the road, looking solemn.


            I can't believe it...




          Life is a fragile thing, Har. One
          minute you're chewing on a burger;
          the next minute you're dead meat.


          But he blamed me. You heard him.
          Those were his last words.


          If you don't count that gurgling
          sound.

Harry lets out a GROAN.


          Hey, relax, man, I'm just as
          responsible as you are we both
          slipped him the peppers and look at
          me, I on't feel guilty at all.


          Small comfort coming from a man who
          sells dead birds to blind kids.

          Don't you get it, Lloyd. I've got a
          ead guy pissed at me. His restless
          spirit will probably haunt me for
          the next seventy-five years.


          That's ridiculous. You probably won't
          live to see forty.

Harry perks up, cheered by this thought.

          Oh yeah.
              
          Wow. What a relief.



As the Mutt Cutts van flashes by on it's westward journey,
we





A DOCTOR is covering up the body of Joe Mental as he TALKS
to DETECTIVE DALE. The etective is a no-nonsense type in his
mid-forties with a military-regulation crewcut.




          ...My official conclusion is that the
          eceased expired from oxygen eprivation
          caused by the presence of cyanide in
          the bloodstream.


          You mean he was poisoned?


          Unquestionably. We found these by
          the body.

He holds up the container of cyanide pills. Dt. Dale nods
and approaches another COP in the b.g.


          Waitress says he was with a couple
          of younger guys. They're the ones
          who called the ambulance then they
          hit the road.


          Any idea where they were going?


          A witness at the next table thought
          he heard them say they were driving
          to France.

Dale frowns at this and the Cop shrugs.


          We got a report they were seen heading
          west on I-80 toward Colorado.

          Get a make on the vehicle?

The Cop consults his note pad.


          Yes, sir. They were driving an '84
          poodle.

Dt. Dale does a double-take.


          An '84 what?




              
          Well it might have been a wire-haired
          terrier, Detective. They're very
          similar in appearance.

The Detective looks confused, as we





The boys are extremely exhausted as they plow through the
black night toward Aspen.


          Let's get off and crash at a motel
          before I crash into one.
              
          I need a crib fast.


          Sorry, Har. We're gonna have to hold
          out. Seems we misjudged our expense
          allocation. If we pay for a motel we
          won't have enough for gas.


          What happened to the dough?


          We over-leveraged.


          On what?

          I sprung for Mr. Chili Pepper's last
          meal. Felt it was the least we could
          o after we deep-sixed him.


          Wait a second one burger put us
          over budget?


          The slob ordered a double-bacon eluxe
          and a chocolate malt.


          Oh.
              
          So what are we gonna do?




          Drive. We've only got ten more hours.
          We can take turns.





A frightened J.P. Shay is TALKING on the phone with Nicholas
Andre.


          You heard me, he's dead. The bastards
          killed him.



Andre nervously lights a cigarette as he speaks.


          Jesus Christ...

Andre's forehead begins to glisten with perspiration.


          All right, I want you back here now.
          If they're coming this way I'm going
          to need you.


              
          How's our bankroll doing? Giving you
          a hard time?


          Melvin's not the problem. It's these
          two other guys that have me worried.
          I wish I knew what the hell they

wanted.

Andre hangs up the phone and then disappears down his basement
stairs.



The room has a dirt floor. There's a stone WELL in the middle.
We hear MUFFLED HUMAN WHIMPERING coming from deep within the
well. Andre walks to the edge of the dark hole.


          How you doing today, Melvin?



Andre takes a hit off his cigarette and flicks it into the
well.





The Mutt Cutts van cruises down the lonely interstate.



Lloyd is now FAST ASLEEP in the passenger seat as Harry drives
on. A roadsign reading DENVER - 602 MILES whizzes by. Todd
Rundgren's "Too Far Gone" begins to play while Harry peers
at the empty highway INTROSPECTIVELY. As the song plays we
see a series of quick shots:

A new sign says DENVER - 421 MILES. Lloyd is still asleep
with his feet now on Harry's lap.

Another sign reads DENVER - 201 MILES. Harry stares straight
ahead, practically catatonic. Lloyd's feet are out the window
and his head is on Harry's lap.

The next roadsign says DENVER - 157 MILES. Lloyd's feet are
now up over the headrest and his head is down where his feet
should be. Harry looks on the verge of blacking out.

Finally, a sign reads COLORADO STATE LINE - 25 MILES/FOOD,




The Mutt Cutts van pulls up to a gas pump. In the background
are several tractor-trailer rigs and a caf. Harry climbs
out, thoroughly exhausted, walks around and opens the
passenger door.

Lloyd tumbles to the asphalt, STILL ASLEEP. Harry nudges him
with his foot.


          Come on, wake up. You pay, I'll pump.

Lloyd comes to and grudgingly pulls himself up to his feet.



Harry moves to the back of the poodle van. He has to LIFT
ONE OF THE CAR'S REAR LEGS to unscrew the gas cap. Then he
sticks the nozzle in and starts to fill her up.





Lloyd comes around the   corner, dragging a BATHROOM KEY
ATTACHED BY A CHAIN TO   A CAR ENGINE toward the Men's Room.
When he gets it to the   door, he struggles to lift the engine
on it's side, finally   managing to slip the key into the lock.



Harry is yawning as he pumps the gas. Suddenly a Jeep Cherokee
pulls up and a long-legged, tanned, ATHLETIC BEAUTY climbs
out. This seems to wake Harry up.

The Athletic Beauty   smiles at Harry as she grabs a pump and
starts to fill her   jeep. Harry makes a feeble attempt to
brush his hair into   place, then CLEARS HIS THROAT and nods
to the skis on her   roof-rack.


          Skis, huh?


          That's right.


          Great.

She continues to pump gas.


          They yours?


          Uh-huh..


          Both of 'em?


          Um, yeah.


              
          Cool.




like a BIG DOG IS PISSING ON HIS LEG.


          Excuse me, you're spraying everywhere.



Harry turns to see the gas GUSHING ALL OVER HIS SHOES. He
immediately removes the nozzle and replaces it on the pump
as she smiles to herself.



Lloyd is standing in a stall urinating. He starts to read
the graffiti scrawled on the wall. Finally, he comes to one
that says: FOR A GOOD TIME, MEET ME HERE NOVEMBER 8, 1993,




He frowns at this, then looks nervously at his watch.

CLOSE UP OF DIAL - the date reads NOVEMBER 8.

ZOOM IN on the minute hand as it CLICKS TO EXACTLY 2:15.

Just as a concerned look crosses Lloyd's face, we hear the
BATHROOM DOOR SQUEAK OPEN AND SLAM SHUT! Terrified, Lloyd
quickly locks the stall door, then crouches on the toilet
bowl so his feet aren't visible. The sound of HEAVY FOOTSTEPS
approaches the stall and then stops. Lloyd looks down to see
a pair of SIZE 16 WORKBOOTS beneath the door. We can barely
hear a LOW GROWL. Then the stall handle JIGGLES. Lloyd holds
his breath. The ominous boots MOVE AWAY and Lloyd lets out a


All of a sudden the DOOR IS KICKED IN, AND A TOWERING FIGURE
STEPS INTO FRAME. Lloyd looks up and GASPS.

HIS POV - it's the Redneck trucker, Sea Bass.


          Well, well, well, if it ain't my old
          friend.
              
          And right on time...

As Sea Bass STEPS INTO THE STALL, we





The Athletic Beauty is back in her Jeep now and Harry has
sidled up to the driver's side. He leans against her side-
view mirror.




              (re: suitcases in
               back seat)
          That's a lot of luggage for a little
          vacation.


          Actually, I'm moving to Aspen. I've
          got to get away from my boyfriend.

He's such a klutz. My astrologer told me I should avoid
accident-prone guys.

Just then, the side-view mirror Harry has been leaning on






              
          Here, this is a little loose.

She throws the mirror into the back seat and takes out a
cigarette.


          Allow me...

He pulls out a match and lights it with a debonair flourish.
The Athletic Beauty nods her thanks. Harry tosses the match
to the ground, and we hear an O.S. WHOOSH! Wisps of smokes
rise around him and we hear the LOW CRACKLE OF SOMETHING
BURNING. 


          Look, um, maybe when I get to Aspen
          we can meet up... you know, for hot
          chocolate or something.

She looks him over and smiles.


          Why not? You seem pretty harmless.
          I'll give you my number. Just let me
          find a pen.

As she starts to rummage through her purse, Harry SMELLS THE
SMOKE. He looks down and sees that his RIGHT SHOE IS ABLAZE!
He shakes it, then tries to put it out with the other shoe,
but to no avail. Meanwhile, the Athletic Beauty is still
searching for a pen.




          I know I have one here somewhere...

Harry starts doing a soft-shoe dance to extinguish the flames.
This only helps to fan them.


              
          Look, why don't you just tell it to
          me, I've got a good memory.


          Are you sure you won't forget?


              
          Positive please hurry.

He begins hopping around violently.


          Is something wrong?

Harry shakes his head no as he bites his lip to keep from
screaming.


          Okay, my number is 652-2553.
              
          Oh, wait a second, that's my old
          number. It's so funny how your mind
          god sakes, give me the damn number!

She's taken aback by this outburst.


          Look, man, if you're gonna get pushy
          you can just forget it!

She throws the car into drive and PEELS AWAY.



Sea Bass has his meaty paw wrapped around Lloyd's neck as he
slides him up the wall of the toilet stall.


          First I'm gonna rape you, then I'm
          gonna kill you. Any last request?


          Um, yeah could you do it the other
          way around?



Sea Bass pushes Lloyd to his knees. Then the trucker steps
back and UNDOES HIS FLY. The sound of the zipper brings a
green color to Lloyd's face.

ON THE MEN'S ROOM DOOR - it bursts open and a FLAME-FOOTED
Harry rushes into the bathroom, panic-stricken. In his
desperation he PLOWS THROUGH THE STALL DOOR KNOCKING SEA
BASS ON THE HEAD and thrusts his flaming foot into the
toilet,



Harry breathes a DEEP SIGH of relief. Only then does he notice




Harry has to do a DOUBLE-TAKE for this to sink in. Then he
lets out an admonishing




           You've got some serious explaining
           to o, young man.





CLOSE UP - of Harry's BURNT SHOE     with the toes sticking out
on the accelerator.


           Look, Harry, I told you what happened,
           now drop it.

           Sure thing, Lloyd. I promise not to
           mention another word about you being
           in a bathroom stall with a six-foot,
           five-inch trucker with his pants
           own.


           That's a low blow, man.


           Not at that height it's not.


           Listen, bud, if you're trying to
           imply that I'm that thought look,
           we're almost in Colorado.









          I think it's about   time we pull over
          and change seats.   I've been driving
          for nine straight   hours I  don't
          have the energy to   start a new state.

Lloyd nods, and as he pulls off the exit, we



CLOSE ON A SIGN - it reads WELCOME  TO COLORADO, HOME OF THE
ROCKY MOUNTAINS. PAN DOWN to reveal  a number of POLICEMEN
stopping and checking cars as they  cross the border. A
HELICOPTER lands on the side of the  road and Detective Dale
hops out. He hurries to the COP in  charge.


          Any sign of them yet?


          No, but we're expecting them shortly.
          A motorist said he spotted a pooch
          about thirty miles back headed this
          way.

Detective Dale nods, satisfied.




ESTABLISHING SHOT of a mini mart.



The door opens and Lloyd gets in carrying a bag of Doritos
and a soda. He settles into the driver's seat and pulls a
Beef Jerky out of his back pocket.


          Hey, I picked you up a Beef Jerky...

When he gets no response, he notices that Harry is already
fast asleep in the passenger seat. Lloyd shakes his head.


          Boy, some guys just weren't cut out
          for life on the road.





Lloyd starts the engine and    pulls out of the parking lot to
the nearby freeway entrance.    As he enters the on-ramp, we
ZOOM IN on a sign that says:    ROUTE 80 - EAST. He's unwittingly
headed BACK IN THE DIRECTION    THEY JUST CAME FROM!





It's bright daylight now. Harry is sleeping peacefully in
the passenger seat while Lloyd sips a coffee. The van hits a
bump which causes Harry's eyes to flutter open.


          Hey, Mr. Sleepy Head, welcome back.


              
          How long have I been out?


          I'd say a good five hours, anyway.

Harry yawns and stretches.


          Great. We must be getting real close,
          huh?


          Should be. I've been averaging about
          ninety miles an hour all night.


          Good man.


          Boy, I'll tell you, this is one
          angerous highway. You wouldn't believe
          all the road pizza two dead ogs, a
          couple of rabbits, a snake and some
          big thing I couldn't even recognize.


          That's awful. Did you see them get
          hit or were they already lying there?


          I hit 'em.

Harry rubs his eyes and looks at the passing FLATLANDS.




          Funny. I expected the Rocky Mountains
          to be a little rockier than this.


          I was thinking the same thing. That
          John Denver's some full of shit,
          huh?

They both stare out the window.


          I must say, Des Moines sure is a
          pretty little town.


          Yeah, it really is.
              
          Wait a minute when did you visit
          Des Moines?


          Last night. We drove through it.


          What are you talking about? You were
          snoring like a baby when we went
          through Des Moines.

Lloyd shakes his head in amusement, then SNAPS HIS FINGERS
in Harry's face.


              
          Hello? Hello? Anybody home? Rise and
          shine.

          You were the one who was asleep,

numbskull. Here, take a sip of coffee. You're delirious.

A confused Harry sips the coffee and checks out the passing
terrain. Then something starts to awn on him. Slowly.


          Uh, Lloyd, refresh my memory: Doesn't
          the sun rise in the east and set in
          the west?


          In our country it does, yes.




          Then perchance you can explain to me
          why the sun is in our face at 7:30
          in the morning when we're heading
          west.

Lloyd thinks about this and then looks SICKENED.





The Mutt Cutts van is parked next to a couple rigs and Harry
is sitting beside it on the pavement, a BROKEN man.


          I'm only human, Harry. Anybody can
          make a mistake.

But Harry just sits there, practically catatonic.


          Come on, man, pull yourself together.


          You know, I got half a mind to just
          jump on the bus to Europe and say
          goodbye to your ugly mug forever.


              
          You can't take a bus to Europe, dodo.


          Oh yeah? Why not?

          You don't have a passport.

Harry lets out a defeated SIGH.


          Come on, stop being a baby about
          this. Okay, so we back-tracked a
          tad.


          A tad? Lloyd, you drove almost a
          sixth of the way across the country
          in the wrong direction. Now we don't
          have enough money to get to Aspen,
          we on't have enough money to get
          home, we don't have enough to eat,
          we don't have enough to sleep!




          Well it doesn't do any good having
          you sitting there on your butt whining
          about it. If we're gonna get out of
          this hole, we're gonna have to dig
          ourselves out.

Harry thinks about this.


          You know, you're absolutely right,
          Lloyd.

He stands up, brushes off his pants, and starts to walk toward
the highway.


          Where you going?


          Home. I'm walking home.


          You can't be serious.


              
          Why not? We're probably only five
          miles away.

Harry starts resolutely toward the road while Lloyd watches.



          Thanks a lot, Mr. Perfect. Like you
          never screwed up.
Harry suddenly STOPS IN HIS TRACKS and turns back to his
friend. He seems completely rained.


          Look, man... I'm sorry.
              
          I never should have let you talk me
          into this in the first place. You've
          got a good reason to goo a beautiful
          girl's waiting for you. But let's
          face it, Lloyd, there's nothing
          waiting for me in Aspen.
              
          There's nothing waiting for me
          anywhere.



Lloyd just stands there, SPEECHLESS, as Harry turns and walks
away. Out of frustration, he BANGS the snout of the car,
causing it to BARK.





Harry is walking down the highway, his thumb stuck out
unenthusiastically. A few cars WHIZ by, the cold wind whipping
at his clothes.

A station wagon blows by and throws a BAG  OF GARBAGE out the
window. It lands at Harry's feet. EXTREME  CLOSE-UP OF HARRY'S
FACE - a TEAR slowly rolls down his cheek  (like the Indian
in the commercial). PAN DOWN to the bag of  garbage. We see
it's a BAG OF ONIONS that's ripped open.

Suddenly a HEARSE pulls up and stops. It's an ominous-looking
vehicle and Harry hesitates. Then the passenger window rolls
down, revealing a contrite Lloyd at the wheel.


          Got room for one more, if you still
          want to go to Aspen.

Harry looks the hearse over.


          Where'd you find this baby?


          Used car dealer. I   traded the van
          for it. Plus I got   the guy to throw
          in fifty bucks for   gas money.
              
          Come on, man, what   do you say? We
          still partners?







An impatient Detective Dale is still staked-out at the
Colorado border with several other officers.


          It doesn't make sense. They should've
          been here hours ago.


          Maybe they're smarter than we thought.




          How smart can they be? They're riving
          a goddamn dog!

Another COP rushes over holding his walkie-talkie.


          We just got a report that they were
          spotted about two hours ago heading
          east near Des Moines on I-80.


              
          Des Moines?! Why that's five hundred
          miles from here!


          Guess they got wind of our welcoming
          party.


          We're wasting time. Let's mobilize.

Dt. Dale heads for his cruiser while the other Cops follow.
As the officers climb into their cars, we





Lloyd is driving and Harry has his feet out the window.


          Tell me something, Harry. Would you
          really have kept going home if I
hadn't come back to get you?


          Well let me put it this way, Lloyd:
          Do you remember when we were Cub
          Scouts and we got lost in the woods
          uring that blizzard? We huddled
          together all night, and we made an
          oath that if we ever got out of there
          alive we'd never ever leave each
          other's side again. Do you remember
          that?

Lloyd thinks hard about this.


          We were never Cub Scouts.




          Exactly.

Just then several COP CARS whiz by them in the opposite
direction with SIRENS BLARING and LIGHTS FLASHING. When Harry
glances back at the cop cars, he notices that there's a COFFIN
in the rear of the vehicle.


          What the hell is this? There's a
          coffin in the back!


          Relax, it's empty.


          I don't give a shit. I'm not driving
          anywhere with a casket. You know I'm
          superstitious calm down. We'll dump
          it off first chance we get.



Harry and Lloyd are swerving through traffic in the hearse.
Ahead of them is a REAL FUNERAL PROCESSION. The lead car is
a CADILLAC.



 A MAN and
a WOMAN are arguing.


          I married a cheapskate.


          Shut your trap, Gerdie.


          I'm so embarrassed. I'll never be
          able to show my face again.


          I knew something good would come out
          of this.


          We could have given him a more
          ignified burial.




          Your uncle was a cheap man. Remember
          what he got us for our twenty-fifth?
          A friggin' fern. There's no way I'm
          gonna spend a load to get him planted.



While the couple ARGUES ON, Harry and Lloyd cut in front of
them. The Man and the Woman on't notice this an soon the








Harry and Lloyd pull up to a large green dumpster behind the
market. The procession comes to a halt behind them. The guys
get out of the hearse and remove the coffin from the back.
Then they unceremoniously HEAVE THE COFFIN INTO THE DUMPSTER




ON THE LEAD CAR OF THE PROCESSION - The Woman's jaw is
practically on the floor.


          You son-of-a-bitch! I want a ivorce!









The hearse drives past a sign that says ENTERING ASPEN,






The boys stroll down the sidewalk, looking in the windows,
studying the passersby, taking in the sights and sounds of
the ski town.




          Isn't this wonderful? What more could
          a couple of single guys like us ask
          for?


          How about food and shelter?


          You're so materialistic.
              
          Why don't we get down to business
          and eliver the briefcase to Mary.
          Who knows, maybe she'll invite us in
          for tea and a strumpet or two?


          Jolly good idea, chap. And where oes
          the lovely young lady reside?


          Um... good question.

Harry throws Lloyd a concerned look, but then notices a phone
booth next to them.


          Well what's her last name? We'll
          look it up in the phone book.


          Hmmmm... You know, I don't believe I
          caught that either.

Harry's concern grows.

          What about the briefcase, Lloyd?
          There must've been a name on it,
          right?


              
          Come to think of it, there is. It's
          engraved right into the leather.


          What is it?


          Samsonite   spelled just like it
          sounds.



Harry starts flipping through the phone book. Then abruptly
HE STOPS and puts the book down, a DEFEATED look on his face.





The car is parked in a parking lot across the street from a
picturesque bridge. Harry and Lloyd are shivering in the
front seat as a LOUD, ICY WIND WHIPS though the hearse.
They're each spooning something out of a coffee cup and
sipping it.


          Any soup left?


          A little. Shall we share it?


          Please.

Lloyd opens a TINY KETCHUP PACKET and squirts half of it
into Harry's cup and the other half into his. They pour a
few drops of water in and mix it with their spoons.


          Mmmm mmmm good...

Lloyd smiles bravely at Harry. Harry notices something and
leans toward him.


          Hey, you got something stuck in your
          front teeth.
Lloyd picks a small speck out of his mouth and studies it.


          Hmmm... looks like an old piece of
          Beef Jerky.




          Wanna split it?


          You're pathetic. Get your own.

Loyd puts the floss-meat back in his mouth and chews it.
Another gust of wind swirls around them.




          I'm freezing my ass off, Lloyd.


          Roll up your window.


          It is rolled up.


          Then I guess the damn anti-cold system
          isn't working. You really should get
          it fixed if we're gonna live here
          all winter.


          What anti-cold system?

Lloyd points to the dash.


          Right here the A/C button. I put it
          on full blast about an hour ago and,
          if anything, the car's getting colder.

Harry stares at Lloyd and then throws down his cup, disgusted.
He opens the car door and starts to climb out.


          What are you going out there for?


          To warm up.


Harry gets out and leans against the car with his arms
crossed. Lloyd comes from around the other side.


          What are you worrying about now?


          I'm worried about how you're gonna
          survive the pummeling I'm about to
          give you.


          Huh?

Suddenly Harry LUNGES at Lloyd, who takes off around the
other side of the car. Harry leaps across the hood, but Lloyd
manages to evade his grasp.




          Harry, calm down! You're acting like
          a wild animal!


          Get over here and take your medicine,
          Lloyd!


          Sorry, doc, I can't take medicine.
          I'm a Christian Scientist!

Lloyd continues to outrun him around the car. Frustrated,
Harry opens the car and PULLS THE




          What are you doing?


          Something I should've done a long
          time ago. This stupid thing has been
          the root of our problems all along.

Harry starts walking toward the bridge spanning a river.


          Don't do anything foolish, Harry.


          Foolish? This is the most sensible
          thing I've done in years. I'm gonna
          toss this goddamn curse right into
          that river.
Lloyd starts to follow after Harry.


          You're making a big mistake, Harry!
          I'll never forgive you for this!

Harry keeps marching toward the bridge, determined to dispose
of the briefcase.


          Harry, hold up! Things are gonna get
          better, I promise! In fact, I think

I feel another piece of Beef Jerky in my left molar! It's
yours, Harry, all yours!

Harry stops in his tracks, intrigued.




          You're bluffing.


          No I'm not, man look.

Lloyd pulls his cheek back, revealing a molar. Harry squints
at it.


          That's a filling, you liar!

Just then, Lloyd makes a dash at Harry. Harry turns and runs,
but Lloyd TACKLES HIM as they reach the bridge. The briefcase
GOES FLYING, and the guys wrestle pitifully with one another
in the snow, rolling over and over.

Finally, Harry manages to get the upper hand. He climbs on
top and CLASPS HIS HANDS




          I used to have a life! A miserable
          one, but a life, nonetheless!

Suddenly Lloyd's EYES LIGHT UP as he sees something O.S.
behind his friend.



          Harry, look!

Harry turns and HIS EYES LIGHT UP, TOO. He lets go of Lloyd
as we see









Harry and Lloyd are hurrying down the sidewalk, clutching
the briefcase. The city is lit up with millions of tiny
lights, like a fantasy winter wonderland.


          Okay, here's the plan: We borrow a
          few bucks just a small loan from
          the briefcase, and we check into a
          cheap motel.




          Sounds good.


          And we'll keep track of the money we
          spend with IOUs.


          We'll be meticulous    right down to
          the last penny.


          That way, whatever we borrow we can
          pay back.


          Absolutely. We're good for it.


          You know, as soon as we get jobs.


          It'll come right out of our first
          paycheck.





A tuxedoed Bell Captain, BARNARD, is showing the guys around
an ENORMOUS AND LUXURIOUS SUITE. The place is big enough to
throw a touchdown bomb in.


          ...This is the Hotel Danbury's
          Presidential Suite, gentlemen. It's
          normally reserved for royalty,
          visiting dignitaries, and illustrious
          stars of stage and take it.

The Bell Captain is a bit taken aback, but pleased.


          Very good, sir. Are there any bags
          you'd like sent up?


          Thanks, Barnard, but we'll find our
          own chicks.


              
          I wasn't talking about ladies.




            Oh. Then go ahead and send thim up.
            What are their names?

Barnard SIGHS.


            Sir, I meant your luggage.

Harry forces a. embarrassed half-smile.


            Tell you what you can send up, my
            friend how about some chow?

The Bell Captain nods.


            I'll bring you a menu.


            Don't bother. Just order us one of
            everything.

At this, Harry serves Lloyd a reproachful look.


            One of everything? Lloyd...

Lloyd looks guilty.


            Oh, sorry.
                
            Make that two of everything.
Harry smiles at this as Lloyd pulls a wad of HUNDRED DOLLAR
BILLS out of his pocket. He rips one off and tucks it in
Barnard's top pocket.


            And here you go, Barney. You keep us
            happy, we'll keep you happy.

The Bell Captain, Barnard, is energized by this tip.


            Yes, sir!

He bows and leaves the room. Then Lloyd cracks open the
briefcase and inserts a SMALL PIECE






                 
             Our first IOU. Signed and dated.





Helen Swanson is KNOCKING on her step-daughter's bedroom
door. She's holding a tray with a couple of mugs on it.


             Mary? You awake?


                 





Mary is sitting in a chair looking sadly out the French
windows when Helen ENTERS.


             I brought you some tea. I thought it
             might help you relax.

Mary smiles.


             Thank you.

She takes a mug, sips, and pulls back.


             Yech! What's in this, whiskey?


             Uh, sorry... that one's mine.

Helen grabs the mug from Mary and hands her the other one.


             Feeling any better, honey?

Mary can't take her eyes from the window.


             Just knowing that Melvin's out there,
             being held by God knows who...
                 
             It's all my fault. I should've been
             there.




           Bullshit. You can't blame yourself
           for this. If you'd been there they
           would've taken you, too.

Helen pulls out a joint and torches it up. She takes a hit.


           Maybe we should just pay them the
           money again and get this thing over

with.


           Now Mary, everything that can be
           done is being done. You've got to
           stop torturing yourself.


           What am I supposed to do? Go about
           my life as if everything were fine?


           That's exactly what you should do.
           Get the hell out more, go skiing,
           socialize. Don't you see, honey? We
           can't let on that anything is wrong.
           If the press or authorities get wind
           of this, the kidnappers might panic.
               
           Who knows what they'd do to poor
           Melvin then?






The Guys pull up to the front of the hotel in the hearse.
Several HOTEL EMPLOYEES rush to help them. Harry and Lloyd
get out wearing OVERLY TRENDY SKI GARB, complete with fur
boots, NASA designed goggles, and splashy fluorescent colors
everywhere. The Employees all grab the shopping bags and
then line up as Lloyd TIPS THEM ALL handsomely.



The huge beds are covered in boxes and bags of new goodies.
Lloyd is going through it all. Harry is sitting out on the
balcony with his feet up on the railing, checking out the
mountain view.




           Oh god, it's really true. Last night
           I thought I might've been dreaming.


           It's no dream, Har. We finally cracked
           the big time.


           And it was so simple. All it took
           was somebody else's money.

Harry LIGHTS A CIGAR WITH A TWENTY DOLLAR BILL, takes a hearty
puff, and




           You know, Lloyd, I think you might've
           gone a little overboard with the
           spending today.

He blows out the twenty and tosses it off the balcony.


           What's the big deal? We're gonna pay
           it all back anyway, right?


           Sure, but do you really think you
           needed to buy those two surfboards?


           Surfboards? I thought those were
           beginner's skis.
This suddenly makes sense to Harry.


           Ahhh. I was wondering why you had
           those bindings put on them.

Lloyd opens a box and holds up a SCANTY NEGLIGEE.


           Where'd this come from?


               
           I bought it.


           What for?




          I like the feel of it against my
          skin...
                
          ...I mean, you know, when a woman's
          wearing it.

Lloyd inspects it more closely.


          Harry, how many women do you know
          who wear a size XXL?


          Look, leave me alone. I'm rich now.
          I'm supposed to have a few
          eccentricities.

There's a KNOCK on the door.


          Enter, parlez vous!

The Bell Captain, Barnard, ENTERS with a champagne bucket
and a newspaper under his arm.


          I brought you your newspaper and
          some champagne, gentlemen.
          Unfortunately, we didn't seem to
          have the, um, label you requested.

Lloyd examines the champagne's label and frowns.


          All out of Boone's Farm, huh?

          You have a rapier wit, sir. I took
          the liberty of bringing a comparable
          substitute: Dom Perignon.


          Guess it'll have to do, slugger, eh?

Lloyd smiles and over tips him.


          Thank you so much, sir.

He puts the tray down, hands Lloyd the newspaper, and heads
for the door.




          Oh, one more thing: You can     dispense
          with the 'sir' crap. Let's     face it,
          Barney, we're all from the     same mold.
              
          We just have a little more     dough
          than you right now.

Barnard smiles and EXITS. Harry comes back in the room. He
picks up a champagne glass and flicks it with his finger,
sending out a resonant RING.


          Cocktail hour has commenced!

He starts to open the champagne bottle as Lloyd begins
thumbing through the newspaper.


          Hey, later on what do you say we...?

He notices that Lloyd's mouth has dropped open at something
he's found in the paper.


          Lloyd... you okay?


              
          Harry, it's her.


          Who?


          Mary with the briefcase. This is
          her...

He shoves the newspaper at Harry.

CLOSE ON THE HEADLINE - it reads: SWANSONS TO HOST
PRESERVATION GALA TONIGHT; CITY'S ELITE EXPECTED. Underneath
this is a photograph of Mary with her parents.


          Mary Swanson...


          Come on, Cinderella, it's time to
          get you ready for the ball...

Roy Orbison's "Pretty Woman" plays over a...





-The boys are in a beauty parlor getting their hair shampooed.

-Harry and Lloyd sit beneath old-fashioned hair dryers. The
ATTENDANTS lift the dryers from their heads, revealing both
guys' hair in curlers.

-Lloyd's getting shaved by an ATTENDANT with a straight-razor.
Suddenly Lloyd grabs his neck

as if he's been nicked. BLOOD SQUIRTS OUT from between his
fingers. The other CUSTOMERS stare in horror at this. Lloyd
LAUGHS and shows everyone a SQUEEZE KETCHUP BOTTLE hidden in
his hand. Only Harry and Lloyd seem to find this joke amusing.

-We see them getting their nose hairs clipped. PAN DOWN to
the floor to reveal a PILE OF



-Then a   shot of a MAN next to them getting a pedicure. PAN
OVER to   Lloyd's bare feet  he has toe nails like Howard
Hughes.   Sparks are flying as an ATTENDANT wearing safety
goggles   tries to sand down Lloyd's toenails with an electric
sander.

-Harry is lying on his stomach with his shirt off, getting a
massage from a beautiful ORIENTAL MASSEUSE. He pulls a hundred
dollar bill from under his towel, hands it to her, and
WHISPERS in her ear. She smiles.

-Next we see the Oriental Masseuse lying on her stomach with
her shirt off, while Harry happily massages her back.

-The guys are in an expensive haberdashery. Harry comes out
of the dressing room in a very elegant BLACK TUXEDO. He
couldn't look any more suave. The SALEMAN nods, impressed,
but Lloyd shakes his head no and Harry goes back in.

-Harry reappears in another stylish WHITE TUXEDO. The Salesman
looks on hopefully, but Lloyd again disapproves.

-This time Harry comes out in a JUNIOR-PROM-LIKE SKY-BLUE
TUXEDO, complete with TACKY FRILLS. The Salesman looks
sickened as Lloyd give Harry the thumbs up.

PAN ACROSS THE STREET from the haberdashery - an apprehensive
J.P. Shay is sitting in a parked car, WATCHING HARRY AND








Throngs of GUESTS in black-tie and elegant gowns are entering
the building. Suddenly the hearse pulls up with Harry and
Lloyd BUMPER SURFING BEHIND IT. Harry's wearing his blue
tuxedo. Lloyd's tux isn't any better it's pumpkin orange.
 When the hearse
stops, the boys hand the driver Barnard a couple hundred
dollars.


          Thanks for the lift, Barney.



Nicholas Andre is greeting people at the door. However, when
Harry and Lloyd try to enter, he stops them and gives them
the once over.


          Excuse me, gentlemen, but this is a
          five-hundred-dollar-a-plate dinner.

Harry and Lloyd look at each other and shrug. Then Lloyd
takes out a WAD OF BILLS and peels

off TEN HUNDREDS, much to the amazement of Andre.


          This should cover a couple plates.


          I'm kind of hungry, Lloyd. What if
          we want seconds?

Lloyd thinks about this. Then he peels off another thou.

          Put us down for four plates, my good
          man.

They ENTER the party. As Andre watches them go, his associate
J.P. Shay comes up beside him, an alarmed look on his face.



          Jesus Christ, boss... it's them.

BACK ON HARRY AND LLOYD - the guys make their way through
the affluent crowd.


          I'm getting nervous, Harry.




          relax, Lloyd. These people are just
          like you and me.


          What are you talking about? They're
          educated, well-bred, charming, and
          sophisticated.


          So what? We can be sophistica holy
          shit, would you look at the fun bags
          on that hose hound.

He points out a busty BLONDE BOMBSHELL entering the party.
Lloyd rolls his eyes.


          Don't do this to me, Harry. I'm
          already a wreck. What if Mary oesn't
          like me?


          Look, let's just go saddle up to the
          bar and down a couple bowls of
          loudmouth soup. A little booze'll
          bring back that old Lloyd Christmas
          over-confidence.

The guys stand out at the glittering social scene as they
make their way to the bar.


              
          Two martinis, straight up.
As Harry and Lloyd silently take in the party, a BEAUTIFUL
RED HEAD reaches between them for a cocktail napkin, then
walks away.


          Shut up, Harry.


          I didn't say anything.


          Yeah, well I know what you were gonna
          say and I'm telling you to shut up
          in advance.


          How do you know what I was gonna
          say?




          I read you like a book.


          Okay, if you read me like a book
          then what was I gonna say?


          You were gonna say:
              (in Harry's looped

          'That's one fiery bush I wouldn't
          mind roasting my weenie in.'

Harry raises his eyebrows, IMPRESSED.


          And I would say 'shut up', because
          this is our chance to get in with
          the rich and powerful and you don't
          ingratiate yourself to the kind of
          people by acting like Ron Jeremy on
          Spanish Fly.

The Bartender delivers their martinis as we hear the o.s.
CLINKING of a glass. The guys turns to

see Nicholas Andre standing at a podium. Next to him is a
LARGE, COVERED DISPLAY. On his other side are Karl and
Elizabeth Swanson.


          If I could have your attention,
          please...

The crowd QUIETS.

          I'd like to thank you all for coming
          to this very special event. As you



founded and chiefly funded by our great benefactors, Karl
and Helen Swanson - is the world's foremost efender of
endangered species. Our



three separate varieties of animals that are currently listed
on the United Nation's charter of protected species. Tonight,
we are deeply honored to have Mr. Karl Swanson welcome our
twenty-fourth.



The crowd CLAPS as Mr. Swanson takes Andre's place at the
podium.


          Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the
          Icelandic Snow Owl.

He pulls the cover off, revealing TWO MAJESTIC, FLUFFY WHITE
OWLS IN A CAGE. Everyone OOHS and AHHS.


          These magnificent specimens were



year, two-million-dollar effort on our part. Together, they
constitute one-seventh of the snow owl population left on
the planet.

ON ANDRE - he's nervously eyeing Harry and Lloyd. He looks
pale.


          Here these lovely birds will be
          allowed to breed in a natural but
          protected habitat. And, God willing,
          with your help and that of the
          Society's, we will see these wonderful
          creatures flourish once more.

More APPLAUSE.


          Again, thank you, and enjoy your
          evening. Oh, and feel free to take a
          closer look at our new friends here.
          Enjoy.

The crowd APPLAUDS and begins to mingle again. Lloyd turns
back to the Bartender and holds up his empty glass.


          Two more, please.

Harry stares at Lloyd with concern.


          Lloyd, I've never seen you this
          uptight. You've gotta chill out.


          I can't help it. This is a very
          important night for me.





              
          Harry, have you ever wondered why
          you and I never have long-term
          girlfriends?


          What are you talking about? I went
          out with Fraida Felcher for two and
          a half weeks.


          That was a fluke.
              
          The reason we never have long-term
          girlfriends is because of one thing:
          We're afraid of the C word.


          That's crazy. We live for the C word.


          I'm talking bout commitment.


                
          Oh.


          Well I'm ready for commitment, Harry.
          The first time I laid eyes on Mary
          Swanson, I knew she was the one.
              
          Some things you feel in your heart,
          other things you feel in your groin.
          This girl makes me feel it all in
          the heart.

Suddenly Lloyd notices something across the room.




spectacular black cocktail dress.

Lloyd quickly turns toward the bar.


          Oh shit, there she is.




              
          Wow. You weren't kidding, Lloyd.
          She's an angel.
              
          Well, what are you waiting for? Get
          over there and talk to her.


          She's gonna think I'm some kind of
          psycho when she realizes how far I
          came just to see her.


          You have her briefcase she's gonna
          be thrilled to see you.


          And then what? She'll take it back
          and that'll be it. I'm a nobody.

Harry thinks about this a moment.


          Look, man, you just drove two thousand
          miles to see this girl. Don't quit
          on the last fifty feet.


               
          Wait a second, I have an idea. You
          go over and introduce yourself. That
          way you can build me up so when I
          come along I won't have to brag about
          myself. Tell her I'm good-looking
          and I'm rich and I have a rapist's
          wit.


          I can't tell her you're good looking,
          Lloyd she's got eyes.

Lloyd takes a big gulp of his new martini.


          Please Harry, I'm appealing to you
          as one loser to another. Just build
          me up and then give me a signal to
          come over. Please.

Harry SIGHS.




          All right. But you're gonna owe me a
          big one for this.

Harry straightens his polka-dot bow-tie, then APPROACHES
Mary, who is now standing alone, admiring the owls.


          Nice set of hooters you got there.

Mary turns to Harry, stunned.


          I beg your pardon?


          The owls. They're beautiful.


          Oh. Yeah.
              
          Are you a bird lover?


          Well, I used to have a parakeet, but
          my main area of expertise is canines
          that's dogs to the layperson.

She smiles at this.


          Thanks. I love dogs, too. So how

are you involved with them?


          Oh, I've trained them, bathed them,
          clipped them; I've even bred them.


          Really? Any unusual breeding?


          Nah, mostly just doggie-style. But
          one time we successfully mated a
          Bulldog and a Shitzu.


          Really? That's weird.


          Yeah. We called it a Bullshit.
              
          Just a little breeder joke.



She seems strangely charmed by this.


          Anyway, the real reason I came over
          is because I want to introduce you
          to a friend of mine.

Just then, Mary's stepmother approaches. She's holding a
martini and looking a little sloshed.


          Mary, I don't believe I've met your
          friend.


          Actually, we haven't been introduced
          yet.
               
          I'm Mary Swanson, and this is my
          stepmother, Helen.


          Harry Dunne. Pleasure meeting you
          both.


          I saw you come in earlier, Mr. Dunne.
          I was hoping we'd get a chance to
          meet.


              
          You were?


          That tuxedo I love a man with a
          sense of humor. So does Mary.

Mary shoots Helen a look, then smiles at Harry.


          Really?

For a moment, he's caught up in Mary's eyes, but then manages
to snap out of it.


          Anyway, about my friend you doing
          anything tomorrow, Mr. Dunne? Because
          I believe Mary's looking for somebody
          to hit the slopes with. Whuh?


          Helen, you're embarrassing me.




          Well you are, aren't you?
              
          Poor girl doesn't get out enough. So
          what do you say, Harry? Are you
          available?

Harry thinks about this, then looks across the room at a
hopeful Lloyd.


          Oh, I don't know. You see, my friend
          your friends for one day. You and
          Mary will have a ball.

Mary's captivating eyes meet his, waiting for an answer.


          Um... well... I don't know. You see, the
          thing is... sure.

ON LLOYD - he waits impatiently at the bar as Harry returns.


          How come you didn't call me over?


          Relax, you're golden. I got you a
          ate with her tomorrow.

Lloyd falls back against the bar and grabs his chest. He's



          Wha... you... I... it's...
                
          I love you, man. I love you!

Lloyd clamps an embarrassed Harry in a TIGHT EMBRACE.


          Okay, get a grip, Lloyd. You're making
          a scene.

Lloyd steps back elated.


          This calls for a toast!

He grabs a bottle of champagne out of a bucket and starts to
open it.




          You're gonna be my best man, Har, I
          mean it. It was always between you
          and my future wife's brother, but
          you just earned a seat at the head
          table, pal.

Suddenly the CORK SHOOTS OUT OF THE CHAMPAGNE BOTTLE AND





EYED OWLS. In quick succession we hear a BOK!, a SQUAWK!,
and a THUMP!

A HUSH falls over the entire party as everyone turns their
stunned attention to the cage.




Owls LIES ON ITS BACK, its species now one bird closer to
extinction.

Harry and Lloyd look on in horror. Harry takes the smoking
champagne bottle from Lloyd and places it on the bar.


              
          I think we've done enough hobnobbing,
          Lloyd.

The guys LOWER THEIR HEADS and slink out of the room before
anyone can figure out what happened anyone except for
Nicholas Andre, that is; we PAN to show that he's been
standing nearby watching their every move. And he doesn't
look very happy.





Nicholas Andre is pacing the room with a drink in his hand
while J.P. Shay looks on nervously.


          Maybe it was just a coincidence.


          Don't be stupid. It's a message,
          plain and simple: We killed their
          bird, now they killed ours.




          But how could anybody off a bird
          with a cork?


          These guys arent' just anybody.
          They're good. Look what they did to
          Mental. He was the best, and yet he
          fell right into their web.


          But the bastards already got our
          money. What the hell more could they
          want?

Andre runs his fingers through his hair.


              
          I don't know, god damn it!





A jubilant Lloyd is fixing his hair in the mirror. In the
b.g., Harry is putting on his new ski clothes including a
pair of thermal tights.


          Mrs. Christmas... Mary Christmas... Mrs.
          Mary Christmas. You

know, it has kind of a ring to it, oesn't it, Har?


          Sounds nice, Lloyd, but don't you
          think you may be jumping the gun a
          little? I mean, who knows, when you
          get to know her, you may find out
          she's not your type.


          Impossible. I know my type    when I
          see it. Now let me get this    straight,
          she wants me to meet her at    the
          Avalanche Bar and Grill on    Main
          Street?


          That's what she said. Ten o'clock
          sharp.

This is when Lloyd notices Harry's get-up.




          Time out. Where are going ressed
          like that.


          I, uh, thought while you were making
          your love connection I'd try my luck
          on the slopes.


          You mean you're gonna go out in public
          dressed in tights?


          These aren't tights. They're
          fashionable Euro-trash ski trousers.


          But you can see the outline of your
          who-who.

Harry looks down at his crotch.


          Really?


          Turn sideways.

Harry turns his profile against the window.


          Actually, it's just a tiny little
          lump. No one will ever notice.


          You're right. I can't go out dressed
          like this.





ESTABLISHING SHOT of the building.



People are putting their boots on and their skis are lined
up on the wall behind them. Mary is waiting by the fireplace
in an incredibly sexy snowsuit.



Suddenly Harry appears in the room, dressed ridiculously. As
he begins to clumsily make his way through the lodge toward
Mary, we see that he ALREADY HAS HIS SKIS ON. He kicks over
a row of skis and gets glares from all sides. Finally he
reaches her, OUT OF BREATH.


          Sorry I'm late. It's a bitch driving
          a clutch with these things.



Harry and Mary are at the front of the lift line. The couple
ahead of them get on a chair, and then they shuffle into
position. Harry crouches nervously, waiting for the chair.
The chair swings around, comes up behind them, and makes a
smooth pick up of Mary, that is. An embarrassed Harry is
STILL IN THE CROUCHING POSITION, having missed the ride.
Mary looks back at him, confused. Suddenly he pretends to be
stretching.



          You take the first run alone. I'm
          gonna loosen up down here.





Lloyd ENTERS the bar as the WAITERS are setting up for the
day.


          I'm sorry, we don't open until eleven.
This is disconcerting news to Lloyd.


          I'm meeting someone. Mind if I wait
          at the bar?

The Waiter shrugs and Lloyd sits down at the empty bar.





Harry and Mary are now sitting together on a chair as it
rises higher and higher toward the imposing mountain top.
Harry holds onto the chair's frame nervously.


          Beautiful day, huh, Harry?




          Glorious.

Mary takes a DEEP BREATH.


          God, it feels so good to get up here.
          I haven't been outdoors much in the
          last couple of weeks.


          Why not?


              
          There's been... family problems. I
          on't want to bore you with them.


          Thanks.

He looks mindlessly off in the distance. Then Harry notices
a PATCH OF FROST on the chair lift bar.


          Oh, look... frost.

He licks it and his TONGUE IMMEDIATELY FUSES WITH THE FROZEN
METAL. He tugs a few times, but it won't budge.


          Are you okay?


              
          Sure. I do this all the time...




As Mary and Harry arrive at the top of the lift, Mary
disembarks but Harry stays on.


              
          See ya at the bottom...

Harry and the chair lift swing around and start heading down
the hill.







The chair lift comes back around with Harry still sitting on
it, stuck to the bar. Two LITTLE KIDS climb on with him.


                
          Hi.
              
          Say, kids, you wouldn't happen to
          have a cup of warm water, would you?

The two kids just stare at him.





A despondent   Lloyd's got a couple of empties in front of him
now. The bar   is open and there are a few CUSTOMERS sprinkled
about. Lloyd   takes a sip of his drink and looks up at the
clock on the   wall. It's 12:30.

We see a pair of beautiful legs slide onto the stool next to
him. PAN OVER to reveal that it's the Athletic Beauty that
Harry had tried to pick up at the truck stop.


          Hi.

Lloyd GRUNTS a hello.


          Bad day, huh?

Lloyd GRUNTS once more.

              
          well don't worry, Mercury's supposed
          to be coming out or retrograde
          tonight. Things will get better.







Mary gracefully carves her way to the bottom of the hill and
stops with a snow-spraying flourish. She looks around the
outdoor patio for Harry. She spots something and does a DOUBLE-







has been removed from the cable). He's drinking a cup of
coffee and trying to act nonchalant, espite the gawking of
the other SKIERS. There's a MIME performing in the b.g.




          My god. Harry, are you okay?


              
          I'm fine, I'm fine. It'll come off.



CLOSE UP of Harry's head through a RIFLE SCOPE. REVERSE ANGLE
to reveal J.P. Shay a few hundred feet up the hill with a
high-powered rifle trained on Harry.


          You're luck just ran out, pal.

As his trigger finger TWITCHES with anticipation, we go




          This is silly. Let me help you...

Mary gets up and stands behind Harry. He MOANS nervously.
She grabs his head in both hands and starts pulling it away
from the bar. We see HARRY'S TONGUE STRETCH RIDICULOUSLY...
FIVE INCHES... SIX... THEN EIGHT. Harry GROANS in pain. Suddenly,
his TONGUE COMES UNDONE and Harry and Mary fall backwards
out of the path of J.P. Shay's bullet as it WHIZZES BY. We
hear the Mime in the b.g. CRY OUT in pain:




The poor Mime holds his bleeding hand and retreats nervously
into the lodge as the CROWD BOOS him.





Lloyd's now swimming in despair, as the Athletic Beauty
RAMBLES ON beside him.




          ...Anyway, after my boyfriend backed
          into my garage for the third time, I
          said to myself, 'Run, Cathy, run for
          your life before he kills you both'.
          Then you know what the klutz does
          and to be perfectly honest, I on't
          really care.
                
          Look, I'm sorry, but I'm not very
          good company today. I'll say.
                
          I have an idea. Why don't you tell
          me a little about yourself.


          Maybe some other time.

Lloyd motions for the BARTENDER.


          Excuse me, you wouldn't happen to
          know a Mary Swanson, would you?


          Sure. Her family comes in here all
          the time.


          Do you know where she lives?


          Yeah, they got that big place up on
          Alpine Drive.




The hearse pulls up to the house and stops.




          I've got to tell you, today was really
          just what I needed. Thanks a lot,
          Harry.


          My pleasure, Mary.

She beams and gives him a KISS on the cheek.




          So you'll pick me up tonight at 7:45?


          Better make it quarter to eight.
          I've got a few things to take care
          of first.

Harry watches, lovestruck, as Mary gets out of the car and
walks toward the house.


              
          Mary Dunne... Mrs. Mary Dunne... Got a
          nice ring to it.

We PAN from the hearse to some nearby bushes, where we see a





          Some best man.



MONTAGE of Lloyd walking through the hills of Aspen, totally






Lloyd is sitting forlornly on the bed while Harry feigns
surprise at what he's just heard.

          It doesn't make any sense, Lloyd.
          She told me ten o'clock sharp. Are
          you sure you went to the right bar?


          Believe me, it was the right place.

          I don't know, Har, maybe she just
          had second thoughts.


          I have a hard time believing that,
          Lloyd. The girl said she couldn't
          wait to see you again.

Harry paces back and forth when suddenly SOMETHING OCCURES





          Wait a minute...


          What?


          It just occurred to me. She must've
          meant ten o'clock at night.


              
          Do ya think...?


          Of course! Why would she have you
          meet her at a bar at ten in the
          morning?


              
          I just figured she was a raging
          alcoholic.

Harry BARKS OUT A LAUGH at their stupidity.


          Boy, aren't we a couple of beauties?


          I knew there was an explanation. And
          here I thought she was standing me
          up.


          That'll teach you to jump to
          conclusions.
              
          Anyway, since you have your night
          all

planned, I think I'll run out and catch a flick.

As Harry walks into the closet to change, Lloyd clenches his
fist and glares after him. Then he regains his composure and
moves to the bar.


          Will you join me in a good luck toast
          before you head out?




              
          Sure thing, pal. Whatever you think
          will help your chances.

Lloyd BITES HIS LIP at this. He fills two mugs with coffee
and throws a splash of Bailey's in each. He check to make
sure Harry is still in the closet, then pulls out a BOX OF







take.


          Pretty snazzed out for a movie, aren't
          you?


          Uh... it's for mature audiences. I
          on't wanna chance getting turned
          away at the door.


          I see.

Lloyd hands him the mug with the Ex-Lax. Then he lifts his
own glass.


          To my friend Harry the matchmaker.

Harry feels a pang of guilt but drinks up anyway.

          Mmmmm...

He GULPS DOWN THE DRINK.





Harry's driving along, WHISTLING happily to himself in
anticipation of the night. Suddenly we hear a LOW, INTESTINAL
RUMBLE. He reacts and rubs his stomach.





The hearse parks on the street and Harry gets out. He's
walking up the steps to the house when we hear more GASEOUS
THUNDER from his stomach. Harry stops in his tracks, gets
his insides under control, and continues to the front porch,
where he RINGS the bell.

Mary answers the door, fiddling with her earrings.


          Hi. Come on in.



Harry follows her inside.


          Make yourself at home. I'm almost
          ready. Just give me one more minute.

As she disappears down a hallway, we hear Harry's UPSET
STOMACH again. He notices a bathroom off the hallway and
rushes inside.



HOLD ON Harry's face as he quickly pulls his pants down and
nestles onto the throne. He lets out a SIGH OF RELIEF as he
does his business, then leans over and SLIDES OPEN THE WINDOW
to air the room out. He's still glued to the toilet when he
hears a KNOCK on the door.


              
          Are you in there, Harry?

              
          Be right out.


              
          I hope you're not using the toilet.
          It's broken.

ZOOM IN TIGHT on Harry's face - his EYES GO WIDE and a visible
SWEAT breaks out on his forehead.


          Huh?




              
          It doesn't flush.


          Um, no, I was just... shaving.



A confused Mary is standing outside the bathroom door.


          Shaving?


              
          Yeah! I was running a little late.
          Thought this would save time.


          Okay. Well I'll be in the living
          room whenever you're ready.



Harry's got his pants back on and is lifting the lid off the
toilet tank. He starts tinkering with a few valves.


              
          Come on, flush, you bastard...



Mary's sitting patiently on the couch with her legs crossed.
She looks at her watch, then flips on the TV.
ON THE TUBE - the news is on. A WOMAN REPORTER is addressing
the CAMERA gravely:


          We'll be back in a minute with the
          story of the blind Indiana boy who
          was duped into buying a dead parakeet.

We see Billy the blind boy from apartment 4-C sitting in
his wheelchair, holding up Petey the parakeet with its head
Scotch taped on its body.


          ...I thought he was real quiet...



The Reporter shakes her head and they go to a commercial.
Mary SHIVERS at this and turns off the television. Suddenly
the DOORBELL RINGS. She gets up and opens the front door.

HER POV - a dapper Lloyd is standing there in his new Aspen-
chic clothes.


          Yes...?


          Hi.
              
          Don't you remember me?


          Um... I'm not really...


          South Bend. I drove you to the airport
          last week.


              
          Oh my god. Lloyd, right?

Lloyd is thrilled at this.


          You remembered.


          What are you doing in Aspen?


          I brought you your briefcase You
          left it at the airport so I picked
          it up for you.

Mary's MOUTH DROPS OPEN.


          You're the one who took my briefcase?


          Yeah, it's back at my hotel room.
          Come on, let's take a ride. I'll
          give it to you.

Mary is torn between getting her briefcase and waiting for
Harry.


          Wait right here.



She goes to the bathroom door. Inside we hear the LOUD
CLANKING of metal against metal.


          Harry, what are you doing in there?



Harry's got the eintire toilet completely DISASSEMBLED now.
Various pieces of the commode litter the floor, including
the big plastic float ball. He's on his knees tinkering with
some pipes coming out of the wall.


          Uh... just cleaning my teeth. Give
          me a minute, Mary, I'll be right
          with you.


              
          Sorry, but something important's
          come up and I have to run out. It's
          sort of an emergency. I'll explain
          later.


          But Mary --


              
          --I'm really sorry, Harry. I promise
          we'll do this another time.

Harry hears her FOOTSTEPS echo down the hallway and then the
front DOOR CLOSING. Harry slumps against the sink, defeated.

          Great...





Lloyd is in the passenger seat, wearing a subtle, SATISFIED
SMILE. An anxious looking Mary is at the wheel.



The Jaguar pulls up in front of the hotel. As Lloyd and Mary
get out, we PAN OVER to reveal that they were being followed
by Nicholas Andre and J.P. Shay in a Mercedes.





Andre pulls a PISTOL from beneath his seat and slips it into
his coat.


          They're mine...



The door opens and Lloyd and Mary ENTER.


          ..So anyway, as soon as I got to
          town I tried to look you up but I
          idn't know your last name.

He leads her to the closed BRIEFCASE which is sitting on the
bed.


          I don't believe it. You really have
          it.


          'Course I have it. When Lloyd
          Christmas drives a woman to the
          airport, he makes sure she gets all
          her luggage, no matter what he has
          to

o.

Mary looks at Lloyd and smiles.


          This is incredible. You mean to say
          you drove two thousand miles just
          for me?


          Well... no... I mean, you know, there
          were other reasons...
              
          Actually, yeah, I guess I did.

She can't believe her ears.


          That is the sweetest thing I've ever
          heard.



He drops his head and Mary leans over and kisses him on the
cheek.





A sullen Harry is driving back to the hotel.


              
          It's all Kharma, Harry. You screw
          your best friend over and it's gonna
          come back to haunt you, plain and
          simple...





CLOSE ON LLOYD'S FACE - he's starry-eyed in love as he spills
his guts.


          Look, Mary, I know this may seem a
          little sudden but I've given it a
          lot of thought: You're the woman
          I've been waiting for my whole life,
          and I'm not ashamed to admit it --
              
          --Please, let me finish.

          I'm crazy about you. I've never felt
          this way about anyone. You make it
          so easy for me to tell you my
          innermost desires.

          Listen to me, I feel like a schoolboy
          again.
              
          A schoolboy who desperately wants to
          make sweet, sweet love to you.

Suddenly we hear   TOILET FLUSHING O.S.

REVERSE ANGLE REVEALS that Lloyd has been talking to an EMPTY
CHAIR. The bathroom oor opens and Mary comes out. She looks
around, expecting to see someone else.


          Oh... I thought I heard you talking
          to someone.



Lloyd is flustered. He swallows hard. It's the moment of
truth.


          Mary...

          I desperately want to make love to a
          schoolboy.


              
          Maybe I should be going now.


          No, that's not what Imeant. I meant...
          I really like you, Mary. I like you
          a lot.

She smiles at this.


          I'm gonna ask you something flat out
          and I want you to answer me honestly:
          What do you think the chances are of
          a girl like you and a guy like me
          ending up together?

Mary is obviously thrown by this question.


          Lloyd, that's difficult to say. I

mean we hardly --


          --I asked you to be honest, Mary.

          But Lloyd, I really can't --


          --Come    on, give it to me straight. I
          rove a    long way to see you, the least
          you can    do is level with me. What
          are my    chances?


          Not good.




          You mean not good, like one out of a
          hundred?




          I'd say more like one out of a
          million.




              
          So you're telling me there's a chance?

Just then, there's a KNOCK at the door. When Lloyd opens it,
he's face to face with Nicholas Andre.


          Nicholas... what are you doing here?


          I've been looking for you, Mary.

I've got some interesting news about your husband.

Lloyd looks at MAry, devastated.


          Husband?


          Aren't you two going to invite me
          in?

Lloyd and Mary hear a CLICK and turn to see Andre POINTING A
GUN at them. Andre steps into the room, and we




As Harry mopes through the lobby, we hear someone CALL OUT:


                 
          Hey!

Harry turns to see the Athletic Beauty approaching.


          You...? What are you doing here?





Nicholas Andre has his gun pointed at a stunned Lloyd and
Mary.




          Well at least you two got to say
          your goodbyes.


          Who are you?


          Don't play dumb with me, asshole.
          I'm the rightful ower of that
          briefcase you've been carrying.


          Uh-oh.

Mary can't believe what's happening.


          Nicholas, you... you motherfucker!
          My family trusted you!


          Shut up!


          Uh, sir, about the briefcase, I want
          you to know, my friend Harry and I
          have every intention of reimbursing
          you.

Andre looks alarmed. He motions Mary to the briefcase with
his gun.


          Open that damn thing!
Mary opens the briefcase and a pile of WHITE, CRUMPLED-UP
BALLS OF PAPER fall out along with a few packets of hundreds.


          What the hell's this? Where's all
          the money?


          That's as good as money, sir. Those
          are our IOUs. You can add them up
          yourself. Every penny's accounted
          for.

Andre looks like his head is about to BURST in anger.


          You're fucking dead!




          Now don't do anything hasty, man.





Harry gets out of the elevator and lets himself into the
Presidential Suite.



Harry ENTERS looking contrite and CALLS OUT:


          Lloyd, are you home? We've gotta
          talk, man. I have a serious confession
          to make.

Harry comes around the corner and STOPS COLD.

HIS POV - Lloyd and Mary are lying on the bed, their arms
handcuffed to the bedpost.


          Oh good, you found her. I'll just
          leave you two kids alone.

Harry turns to go, but bumps into the MUZZLE OF ANDRE'S GUN.


          Why don't you stay and join the party?




Harry is sitting beside Lloyd and Mary on the bed. Nicholas
Andre keeps his gun trained on them while he SPEAKS on the
phone:


          ..I want a one-way ticket to Rio De
          Janerio departing as soon as
          possible...

ON THE BED - Harry and Lloyd can't look each other in the
eye.


          You mean you two know each other?




              
          Yeah, we used to be best friends.


          Until he turned into a backstabber.


          Me a backstabber? You got a lot of
          nerve. I saw her first.


          Hey, I couldn't help it if she found
          me irresistable.

Mary ROLLS HER EYES at this.


          But you knew how crazy I was about
          her.


          Yeah, and you knew how crazy I was
          about Fraida Felcher, but that didn't
          stop you, did it?


              
          What are you talking about?


          Don't deny it, Lloyd. Fraida told me
          the whole sordid story.

Lloyd can't muster a defense.

          Look... I was gonna tell you about
          that. It was gonna be mentioned at
          the reading of my will. I swear, you
          can ask my lawyer.

Harry glares at him.


          Well I guess we both learned a little
          something about each other, didn't
          we?


          You said it, pal. Maybe we're not as
          good friends as we thought we were.




          Guess not.


          I mean, if one beautiful girl   could
          rip us apart like this, then   it seems
          our friendship isn't worth a   damn.
              
          Maybe we should call it quits   right
          here.


          Just tell me where to sign, bud.

Suddenly they hear the metallic CLICK-CLACK OF A GUN BEING



          Okay, which one of you losers wants
          to die first?

The guys exchange a look and SWALLOW HARD.


          I wouldn't pull that trigger if I
          were you.


          Why not? It'll look like just another
          Aspen love triangle. You caught the
          two of them in bed, handcuffed them
          to the post, murdered them, and killed
          yourself.


              
          Except you're forgetting one minor
          etail.


          What's that?

Lloyd and Mary look at Harry, hopeful.


          If you kill us, you'd be killing
          yourself.


                 
          Huh?




           You see, philosophers believe that
           we're all really just tiny pieces of
           one huge universal being. In other
           words, I am you and you are me, so
           if you were to kill us you'd be
           committing suicide, you unenlightened

idiot --


           --Shut up!

Mary sees that they're in deep shit now.


           What about my husband? Did you kill
           him, too?


           Husband? What husband?


           Mary's married, Harry.


           No need to worry about Melvin.
               
           Now this is the last time I'll ask:
           Who wants to die first?

Harry gestures with his head at Mary.


           Kill her. The bitch should've told
           him she was married back at the
           airport. It would've saved us a lot
           of trouble.

Andre points the gun at Mary.


           No, I'll go first, Harry. I was the
           one who got you into this mess.

Andre points the gun at Lloyd.


           No, wait, do me first. I'm the one
           who stole your girl, Lloyd. I eserve
           it.



Andre SIGHS and points the gun at Harry. Then, as Mary and
Lloyd look on in horror, he FIRES TWICE. Harry grabs his
stomach and falls off the bed to the floor.


          Jesus Christ! You killed my best
          friend, you bastard!

Andre smiles.


          If it's any consolation, you're about
          to be reunited.

He aims the gun at Lloyd, COCKS THE TRIGGER. Suddenly, a
SHOT RINGS OUT and the gun is blown out of Andre's hand.

ON THE FLOOR - Harry is very much alive and pointing a pistol
at the stunned Nicholas Andre.


          Harry! You're alive!

Just them, the door BURSTS OPEN and SEVERAL POLICE OFFICERS
storm in with their weapons drawn.


          Get your hands up, asshole!

Lloyd and Harry throw their hands into the air. A stunned
Andre turns to see six guns pointing at his head. He
reluctantly raises his hands. Mary and Lloyd are flabbergasted
by the turn of events.

There's a sudden commotion in the room. Pushing her way
through the mass of cops comes the Athletic Beauty. She
flashes an ID.


          Special Officer Kathryn Frick. Federal
          Bureau of Investigation.


              
          You gotta be kidding.


          Good work, Harry.

Lloyd looks to his friend, confused. Harry opens his shirt,
revealing a BULLET-PROOF VEST.




          She grabbed me down in the lobby and
          explained what was up. They slapped
          this on me and gave me a gun.


              
          But how did you...?


          We've been following   you two all the
          way from Providence.   Mr. and Mrs.
          Swanson had a homing   device plated
          in the briefcase.

The guys glance guiltily at one another.


          Yeah, about that dough...


          Every bill was counterfeit and marked.

Harry and Lloyd EXHALE A SIGH OF RELIEF.





There's a swarm of ONLOOKERS as Andre and J.P. Shay are
hustled into a police car and driven away. While Mary TALKS
to the police, Harry and Lloyd stare at her lovingly.


          She's something, ain't she, Har?

          You were right, Lloyd. She was
          efinitely worth the trip.


          Guess we have to admit it, she was
          too good for us.

Just then, a cruiser pulls up and Mary's husband jumps out.


          Oh god, baby, I missed you!

Harry and Lloyd stare in wonder as MEL GIBSON climbs out of
the car. Mary and Mel embrace, then Mel turns to the guys.




          I can't thank you enough, fellas. It
          was so darn dank in that well, I
          really thought it would be the death
          of me.

Harry and Lloyd are too stunned to respond. They look at
each other, and we





Lloyd and Harry come out of the elevator with their meager
luggage, but this time nobody rushes to their aid.



The guys EXIT the hotel and approach the Bell Captain,
Barnard.


          Hey, Barney...


          Yes, gentlemen?


          Look, we just wanted to say that we
          appreciate all you did for us during
          our stay.


          And we're, um, sorry about the money
          we gave you turning out to be phony.

          Don't worry about it, gentlemen. The
          Swanson family has promised to
          reimburse everyone.

This seems to please Lloyd and Harry. The hearse is delivered
to the front door.


          Well, anyway, thanks again for
          everything.

They turn to go, but Barnard CALLS TO THEM:


          Where are you two headed?




          I dunno. I'm sure we'll find a trailer
          camp somewhere to call home.


          Why not right here?

Harry and Lloyd look at each other, confused.


          This joint is a little out of our
          budget, Barney.


              
          Oh, I think we might be able to find
          you a free room somewhere -- after
          all, like you once told me, we're
          all from the same mold.
              
          You just don't have any dough right
          now.

The guys are STUNNED by Barnard's generous offer.


          Are you on the level?


          Absolutely. We'll just slide you
          into one of the employee rooms...

The guys beam at this.


          ...Provided, of course, you don't
          mind working one or two afternoons a
          week.

Harry and Lloyd lock eyes. Then:


          You know what, Barney, I think we'll
          take out chances down the road.

Barnard shakes his head as the two fools climb into their
hearse and drive off.



As the hearse drives down the road, we hear V.O.:




              
          Since we're finished elbow-rubbing,
          what next, lloyd?


              
          I say we head due south and try a
          little nose-rubbing with some of
          them slinky eskimo babes.


              
          Now you're talking my language. You
          know I got a weakness for blondes.

As they head toward their next adventure, the CAMERA PULLS






