Election - by Alexander Payne andJim Taylor



if 
top.location.href=location.href





	ELECTION by Alexander Payne &amp; JIM Taylor

	Third Draft July 22,1997

	Based on the novels by Tom Perotta




	The school stretches out before us, slumbering in the overcast morning 
	air.

	Along the front sidewalk, a lone JANITOR trundles a garbage bin filled 
	with overstuffed hefty bags.

	A weathered FORD ESCORT pulls into the empty PARKING LOT and comes to 
	a stop near the athletic field.




			None of this would have happened if Mr. 
			McAllister hadn't meddled the way he 
			did.  He should have just accepted 
			things as they are instead of trying to 
			interfere with destiny.  You see, you 
			can't interfere with destiny.  That's 
			why it's destiny.  And if you try to 
			interfere, the same thing's going to 
			happen anyway, and you'll just suffer.

	JIM MCALLISTER, a teacher in his mid to late-thirties, emerges from 
	the car in running clothes and carrying a briefcase, gym bag, and 
	coffee mug.  On his way to the field, he crosses paths with the 
	janitor.


			Morning, Lowell

	Lowell nods, hoists a bag and tosses it into a dumpster.



	JIM CIRCLES THE TRACK, sweating and panting.

	ON THE GROUND JIM does sit ups


			Twenty-one... twenty-two.

	He collapses onto his back.  His head rolls to one side, and he 
	glances past the fence at --



	Where a second CAR is just arriving.  JIM watches as TRACY FLICK, a 
	junior, and her MOTHER get out.

	The mother helps remove a CARD TABLE and a big plastic sack from the 
	trunk before Tracy heads toward the school.


					
			Good luck!

	JIM turns his gaze toward the sky, closes his eyes, sighs.



	Naked in the showers, JIM pumps liquid soap from the wall- mounted 
	metal dispenser.



	THE LEGS OF A CARD TABLE - as Tracy spreads them open and locks them 
	into place.

	STICKS OF GUM from a Plen-T-Pack are emptied into a FISHBOWL-

	SCOTCH TAPE is wrapped around the end of a pen to attach a piece of 
	string





	JIM adjusts the knot of his tie, notices a little shaving cream in his 
	ear.



	FOUR CLIPBOARDS  with pens and lined sheets of paper are being placed 
	in a row like little soldiers. The top of every sheet reads "Tracy 
	Flick for President: Official Nomination Signatures."





	JIM tries to place his lunch inside, but the shelves are too crammed 
	with old take-out containers. He opens one and smells it. Disgusted, 
	he drags a garbage can over and begins throwing things away.

	Lowell appears in the doorway wheeling his squeaky maintenance cart 
	and watches JIM conduct his purge as A CHINESE FOOD BOX misses the can 
	and rolls on the floor.



	Tracy is seated behind her card table strategically placed near the 
	school's main entrance.  A sign taped to the wall behind her reads, 
	TRACY FOR PREZ.  SIGN UP FOR TOMORROW, TODAY!  She checks her watch, 
	readies herself.

	JIM walks around the corner whistling vaguely.


			Good morning, Mr. McAllister.


			Not wasting any time, are you, Tracy?


					
			You know what they say about the early 
			bird.


			Yes, I do.

	An awkward moment passes between them.


			Well, good luck there, Tracy


			Thanks, Mr. M.

	AS JIM turns and walks away, Tracy watches him.  He stops and picks up 
	some litter, tosses it in a nearby garbage can.


			No matter what he says, Mr. McAllister 
			had it out for me from the start.  Oh 
			sure, he was all smiles and good wishes 
			and everything, but underneath he was 
			just as unfair and petty as anybody 
			else.



	Alone in his room, JIM studies the Omaha World-Herald


			He'll probably tell you how committed 
			he was to teaching and democracy and 
			integrity and all. Don't be fooled.

	After laying the paper down to circle an article, JIM leans back in 
	his chair and momentarily loses himself in thought.


			It's hard to remember how the whole 
			thing started, the whole election mess. 
			What I do remember is that I loved my 
			job. I was a teacher, an educator, and I 
			couldn't imagine doing anything else.

	Suddenly a VOICE --


			Hey, Mr. M. Mr. M.!

	JIM glances OUT THE WINDOW and sees a kid -- PAUL METZLER -- pointing 
	at him. Paul walks with a LIMP. Behind him, other STUDENTS approach 
	the school.


			Stop daydreaming! Get back to work!

	JIM enjoys the affectionate joshing and gives the kid  a wave. He 
	returns to his newspaper, a contented man.


			The students knew it wasn't just a job 
			for me.



	JIM sits in the bleachers, clapping his  hands  over his head.


			C'mon, wolverines!  Defense!  Let's 
			hold 'em back!


			I got involved. And I cared.



	JIM is dressed as a WESTERN VILLAIN, and his black hat reads "Lincoln 
	South." With a menacing grimace he approaches a group of FOOTBALL 
	PLAYERS at a poker table.


			And I think I made a difference.



	JIM has a comforting hand of the shoulder of a CRYING GIRL


			I knew I touched the students' lives 
			during their difficult young adult 
			years, and I took that responsibility 
			seriously.



	JIM trots up the stairs to receive a plaque. He beams.


			In the twelve years I taught U.S. 
			History, Civics and current Events at 
			Millard, I was voted Teacher of the Year 
			three times - a school record.



	Mr. McAllister reads aloud from the newspaper as he paces in front of 
	his class of high school juniors, Tracy Flick among them. The seats 
	are arranged in a SEMI-CIRCLE.


			Standing in front of a room full of 
			young people, trying to make them think 
			that's how I wanted to spend the rest 
			of my life,

	JIM slaps the newspaper for emphasis and addresses the class


			So would this be an ethical situation 
			or a moral situation? What's the 
			difference between ethics and morals, 
			anyway?

	Tracy shoots her hand into the air.  JIM notices but keeps looking 
	around.


			Anybody

	Other hands rise tentatively


			Derek


			Uh, ethics is like when you, uh, do 
			what society tells you is right and 
			morals are like, uh...


			You're on the right track,  who can 
			help him out?


			..morals are when...

	Tracy's hand goes higher.


			Michelle?


			Morals are like lessons, you know, like 
			the moral of a story; it's what you 
			learn from a story or a fable or 
			something. . .


			Or a life experience.  Good.  And 
			ethics?


			That's more like, urn... Ethics is how 
			you use the morals... that you learn 
			from a story?

	JIM weighs the answer, tries to be encouraging.


			Okay.  But we're still missing 
			something key here.  What are we 
			missing?


					
			I know.


					
			Tracy.


			Ethics are...

	FREEZE FRAME on Tracy, her hand lowering, her mouth agape.


			Tracy Flick.  Tracy Flick.  I've never 
			met anyone quite like Tracy Flick.



	JIM sits to one side, monitoring the student council MEETING about to 
	convene.  A younger Tracy enters briskly and, unlike her casual teen 
	comrades, has made an attempt to dress for success.  She takes a seat 
	right up front and opens her backpack.

	After preparing her notepad and pen, Tracy puts a MICROCASSETTE 
	RECORDER on the table in front of her and pushes RECORD.


			She first showed up in my life as a 
			freshman delegate in student council. 
			I'd seen a lot of ambitious students 
			come and go over the years, but I could 
			tell right away Tracy Flick was 
			different.

	JIM observes Tracy, trying to size her up.

	ON TRACY -- putting all her little things in order, finally folding 
	her hands to wait.


			It wasn't long before everyone knew who 
			Tracy Flick was.  She made sure of that.  
			Her drive was astonishing.  Even scary.



	INSERT	HILLARD HIGH YEARBOOK It fans open to the INDEX.

	PAN DOWN to Tracy's name followed by countless page references


			Some people say I'm an overachiever, 
			but I think they're just jealous.

	A page number turns BOLD, and the other numbers drop away

	Suddenly we are on that page, and we PAN to a headline: "Spanish Club 
	says Oh La!"

	PAN to the group shot and ZOOM in on Tracy smiling in a big SOMBRERO.


			My Mom always tells me I'm different -- 
			you know, special. And if you look at 
			all the things I've accomplished so far, 
			I think you'd have to agree.

	We see Tracy on other pages too: "Yearbook Staff goes for it!" "Junior 
	Achievers put on the dog!" "Student Council meets the challenge;" 
	Oklahoma's a hit!


			Here I am in Oklahoma.

	The STILL of Tracy in Oklahoma suddenly COMES TO LIFE.



	On stage, Tracy wears a cowgirl outfit and hams it up with exaggerated 
	gestures.


					 
			I'm just a girl who can't say no...



	It's the closed-circuit school NEWS BROADCAST. Tracy is delivering a 
	stand-up report from the crowded cafeteria. Her dress and makeup are 
	an obvious if lame emulation of a professional newswoman.


			And here I am on KMHS, our student-run 
			TV station.


			..that's why Principal Hendricks made 
			the controversial announcement that the 
			littering must stop.  Tracy Flick 
			reporting.



	A Student Council meeting is underway led by the president, LARRY 
	FOUCH.  A girl, ASHLEY, is speaking.  JIM observes from the side.


			But it was in SGA, the Student 
			Government Association, where I made my 
			biggest mark.  I never missed a meeting, 
			and I volunteered for every committee as 
			long as I could lead it.

	Before Ashley can finish, Tracy STANDS UP


			I agree with Ashley.  We should rent 
			the barrels at least a day beforehand.  
			What happened last time was a travesty,  
			I mean, we were --


					(trying to quiet 
					her)
			Yeah, no, I know, Tracy.  That's why 
			we're -- Look, can we just take a vote 
			on this?



	BACK TO TRACY still frozen mid-sentence, waiting to finish her answer.


			Now at the end of her junior year, 
			Tracy was poised to win the presidency 
			of the student body.  And so far she was 
			running unopposed.




			...the rules of conduct determined by a 
			culture at a...




			Oh.  There's one more thing about Tracy 
			I think you should know.



	CLOSE ON DAVE NOVOTNY, another teacher in his mid-thirties  


			Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe 
			it.



	Dave is leaning across his desk to speak with JIM at an adjacent work 
	area.  They eat sack lunches.


			A few months before the election, she'd 
			had an affair with my best friend Dave 
			Novotny.


			Don't tell me that.  I don't want to 
			know that.


			She's incredible.  Everything just gets 
			soaked.

	INT. JIM'S BASEMENT	DAY Dun-dun-DUN... Dun-dun-DUN

	JIM and Dave are playing the opening notes of "Foxy Lady" through 
	cheap, distorting amps. JIM plays bass. Dave plays guitar and sings 
	into a microphone. They're bad. As in not good.

	The basement is typical of a Midwest middle-class young couple -- half 
	storage and laundry, half makeshift roc-room.


			Dave came to Millard the year after I 
			did, and we hit it off right away. We 
			backed each other up in teachers' 
			meetings and shared an interest in 60's 
			music and micro-breweries.

	CLOSE ON DAVE really getting into it, playing to an unseen stadium. 
	Behind him JIM is very careful with his chords.


			You could tell Dave was one of those 
			guys who taught because they never 
			wanted to leave high school in the first 
			place, and that could get a little 
			irritating sometimes, but basically he 
			was a real good guy.


					
			Foxy. . . Foxy. . . You know you're a 
			cute little heartbreaker... Foxy... You 
			know you're a sweet little love maker...

	CAMERA DRIFTS toward the stairs leading up.



	CAMERA DRIFTS from the open basement stairway door and toward DIANE 
	MCALLISTER and SHERRY NOVOTNY seated at the kitchen  table. They are 
	fussing over little six-month-old DARRYL NOVOTNY in his highchair.


			Our wives became best friends too. And 
			when Dave and Sherry's son Darryl was 
			born, they asked us to be godparents.

	At a particularly grating note from downstairs, Diane gets up and 
	closes the basement door.



	AN ISOSCELES TRIANGLE is being drawn on the blackboard and bisected. 
	PULL  OUT to reveal Dave explaining.

	The class is taking notes, and we zero in on a younger Tracy.


			YOU probably think the worst - that Mr. 
			Novotny was just taking advantage of one 
			of his students, but it wasn't like that 
			at all. Our relationship was based on 
			mutual respect and admiration. I mean, 
			during my sophomore year in geometry it 
			was strictly professional between us -- 
			I mean, nothing.

	EXT. GODFATHER'S PIZZA -- NIGHT The parking lot, the neon lights, the 
	promise of good times.


			It wasn't until junior year when we 
			worked together on the yearbook that 
			things got serious.

	INT. GODFATHER'S PIZZA -- NIGHT Dave and  Tracy are at a booth along 
	with six other students.



	and the others shift positions. Others continue to disappear in the 
	same way, until only Dave and Tracy remain.


			One night he took us editors out to 
			celebrate after a deadline. Eventually 
			Dave and I were left alone and we got to 
			talking - not like teacher and student, 
			but like two adults.


			You know, Tracy... I don't know how to 
			say this, but...

	Dave's finger traces the rim of his frosty root beer mug.


			what?


			Well, I notice you don't seem to have 
			any close friends at Millard. You seem 
			to be kind of a loner.


			No, I'm not. I'm just really busy.


			I know.  I know its not by choice.  I 
			just mean, well, being the kind of 
			person you are, it must be really 
			difficult to find someone you can talk 
			to.


			What do you mean? What kind of person 
			am I?


			What kind of person?

	Dave looks directly into her eyes.


			Tracy, I've been watching you for going 
			on two years now, and I think you are 
			one of the most talented, hard-working, 
			sensitive, attractive, brilliant 
			students -- no, human beings -- I have 
			ever met.  I mean, you're the real 
			thing.  Special.


					
			Thank you.


			And I know sometimes people like you 
			have to pay a price for their greatness, 
			and that price is loneliness.

	Tracy nods in quiet recognition.


			I don't know.  Maybe I'm wrong.  But it 
			seems like you might need a friend.



	A DOOR with cloudy glass and a stenciled sign: YEARBOOK OFFICE.

	DISSOLVE through the door and TRAVEL through an empty room to discover 
	another door with a sign that reads DARKROOM.


			Since I grew up without a dad, you 
			might assume psychologically I was 
			looking for a father figure.

	DISSOLVE through the darkroom door to

	DAVE AND TRACY bathed in red light.  Tracy is sitting on Dave's lap as 
	they make out hungrily.


			But that had nothing to do with it at 
			all.  It was just that Dave was so 
			strong and made me feel so safe and 
			protected.



	Dave drives.  Tracy sits in the passenger seat.


			It was the first time somebody ever saw 
			the real me, the me that nobody else 
			knows.


					 
			Here, get down.



	Dave wheels his car into the open garage.  The automatic door closes 
	behind him.



	Dave stands up from his squat at the STEREO, and the sexy sounds of 
	Sade set the mood.

	Tracy is seated awkwardly at one end of the sofa, a Diet Dr. Pepper in 
	one hand.  Dave walks slowly toward her, a sexy, knowing look in his 
	eye.  The music is sexy.  Tracy is sexy. He's sexy.  Keeping his eyes 
	locked on Tracy's, he takes the pop can from her hand and takes a sip 
	himself.  Sexy.



	Dave and Tracy walk up the stairs and down the hall.  Dave enters the 
	bedroom first, while Tracy pauses in the hall. His arm reaches out and 
	pulls her inside.



	IN QUICK TIGHT CUTS we see Dave and Tracy DISROBING

	Tracy's head and naked shoulders lay themselves on Dave's pillow.  She 
	looks toward the foot of the bed at -- DAVE, unable to believe his 
	eyes.  He looks at naked Tracy up and down, up and down, his breath 
	quickening.  Sade wafts up the stairs.


			Look at you.

	He descends out of frame.


			When I think back on my relationship 
			with Mr. Novotny, what I miss most. is 
			our talks.



	JIM is riveted by Dave's story; he is both horrified and titillated


			You did it at your house?  Your own 
			house?


			Look, Jim...  Okay.  I know it all 
			seems crazy, and maybe it did start out, 
			you know, for the... for the sex and the 
			danger.  But now it's different.  Jim, 
			what I'm trying to tell you is that 
			Tracy and I are totally, totally in 
			love.


			In love?


			Yeah, it's serious.  I mean she 
			inspires me in ways Sherry never has.  
			She even wants to read my novel.


			But you haven't written your novel.


			That's the whole point. It's all in my 
			head; it's right here.  I just got to 
			get it out there. Tracy wants me to 
			write it so she can read it.  It's 
			beautiful.


			Dave, I'm just saying this as your 
			friend.  What you're doing is really, 
			really wrong, and you've got to stop.

	Dave draws a heavy sigh and buries his head in his hands perhaps JIM 
	has reached him.  Perhaps not.


			You're not just jealous, are you?  I 
			mean, we both used to talk about her


					
			That was just talk!  Fantasy talk! What 
			are you, nuts?  We talk about girls all 
			the time, but it doesn't mean anything.  
			I would never. . . I mean, I take very 
			seriously our strict moral code.  The 
			line you've crossed is... it's illegal 
			and it's immoral.


			I don't need a lecture on ethics, Jim, 
			okay?  I know what --


			I'm not talking about ethics.  I'm 
			talking about morals.




			Peek-a-boo!

	Sherry comes down the basement stairs with Darryl in her arms.


					(to Jim, 
					whispering)
			Look, I appreciate your concern. I 
			really do.  But like I said, I got it 
			under control.

	As Sherry approaches them, Dave rises to take Darryl, the perfect 
	father:  hug, tickle, kiss.


			I guess I don't have to tell you how 
			all this turned out.



	CLOSE ON DAVE slumped in a chair.  He is lost in agony: all he can do 
	is look down and draw short, gasping breaths.

	Principal Walt Hendricks is at his desk, examining a little BOOKLET.  

	sits on the vinyl sofa.

	CLOSE ON -- the small makeshift booklet whose cover reads, "There's a 
	place for us" in overdone fancy cursive.

	THE SECOND PAGE shows a cutout from a travel magazine of a swanky 
	BEACHFRONT HOTEL.  One room has been circled with the words "you and 
	me" written next to it.  Below: "A time and place for us."  We HEAR 
	Walt clearing his throat, swallowing.

	THE THIRD PAGE has glued to it a POSTCARD showing a couple hand-in-
	hand on the beach at sunset and reading, "Maui is for lovers." Below: 
	Take my hand and we'll soon be there.

	THE LAST PAGE has a cutout of a bouquet of flowers.  It reads, "Tracy,  
	See you in paradise?  Love, your 'teacher' David.  P.S. I really, 
	really need you now."  The booklet is lowered.


			Tracy's Mom -- she doesn't understand.


			No, I'd say she doesn't.  I don't think 
			I've ever seen a mother quite so upset.  
			We're all very, very lucky she doesn't 
			want this public.

	Dave looks at JIM for help. JIM looks away. Dave's breaths grow more 
	convulsive. Finally -


			But we're in love


			Dave. Dave, look at me

	Dave looks slowly up.


			I want you to get some help.



	Sherry cradles Darryl while Dave grovels at her feet.


			After Dave got fired, Sherry kicked him 
			out of the house and filed for divorce.


			Your novel? Are you fucking kidding me?

	Dave follows Sherry as she takes the baby into their bedroom and slams 
	the door in Dave's face. Dave pounds on the door, eventually sinking 
	to his knees and crying.


			Sherry   Sherry  Sheerrry. ...


			He ended up moving back to Milwaukee to 
			live with his parents. I haven't heard 
			from him in a long time. Poor guy. I 
			warned him.



	Tracy, still frozen, THAWS OUT. Maybe now she can finish


			...certain time in history and

	RINGGGGG  Maybe not.

	At the bell, students instantly shut their textbooks and collect their 
	things.


			Okay.  We'll pick up here next time

	Tracy is miffed as she puts her things away: slam, stuff, zip. She 
	slings her backpack over her shoulder and heads toward the door.  She 
	looks back at --

	MR. MCALLISTER who himself now FREEZES as he talks to a couple of 
	students


			Now that I have more life experience, I 
			feel sorry for Mr. McAllister.

	CLOSE-UP FROZEN DETAILS - of Jim's appearance - his slightly frayed 
	collar and bad tie; the heels of his old docksiders worn down at 
	irritating angles; the faded impression his too-big wallet has made in 
	his khakis; his growing bald spot; his ear hairs.


			I mean, anyone who's stuck in the same 
			little room saying the exact same things 
			year after year for his whole life, 
			wearing the same stupid clothes, while 
			his students go on to good colleges and 
			move to big cities and do great things 
			and make loads of money has got to be at 
			least a little jealous.  It's like my 
			room says - the weak always try to 
			sabotage the strong.

	Tracy turns and walks out the door.



	CLOSE ON A SMILING LITTLE TRACY - in a Sears-style portrait.  PAN 
	across a wall full of other framed photos of Tracy accepting awards, 
	dancing in a recital, poised to dive at a swim meet.


			One thing that's important to know 
			about me is that I'm an only child.  So 
			my Mom is really devoted to me, and I 
			love her so much.  She wants me to do 
			all the things she wanted to do in life 
			but couldn't.



	Tracy's mother, BARBARA FLICK, finishes a letter and puts it in an 
	envelope.


			See, Mom used to be a stewardess for 
			Northwest and now works as a para-legal.  
			She likes to write letters to successful 
			women like Janet Reno and Elizabeth Dole 
			and ask them how they got to be where 
			they are and what advice do they have 
			for me, Tracy, her daughter.

	CLOSE ON BARBARA'S TONGUE as the envelope flap slides across it.



	A politician's SMILE plastered to her face, Tracy is at her card table 
	vigorously gathering signatures.


			Nine times out of ten they say you have 
			to hold on to your dreams no matter 
			what.  The pressures women face mean you 
			have to work twice as hard, and you 
			can't let anything or anyone stand in 
			your way.

	A shabbily dressed BURNOUT -- DOUG SCHENKEN -- walks past and grabs a 
	huge handful of gum.


			One per person!  Put those back I

	John just keeps on walking away, and his two BUDDIES take great 
	delight in his nimble-witted, quick retort.


			Eat me



	While other students sit in groups around her, Tracy sits apart at her 
	own table, concentrated and alone. She is writing little numbers by 
	her signatures.


			Ninety-seven.. .ninety-eight.


			But you know,  winning isn't 
			everything.  If you play fair and follow 
			all the rules thoroughly, you'll always 
			come out ahead.  Win or lose, ethical 
			conduct is the most important thing.   
			Just ask Mr. McAllister.




			Mr. McAllister? Mr. McAllister! Wait up 


	Jim, his tie loose and his sleeves rolled up, looks up from unlocking 
	his car.  Tracy runs toward him holding out a TERM PAPER FOLDER.


			I got all my signatures.  One hundred 
			and fifty-eight -- way more than I need!


			Hey, that's super


			Here they are.


			You can put those in my box.  I'll look 
			at them tomorrow.


			Could you approve them now?  I'd like 
			to kick off my campaign right away, you 
			know, in the morning.


					
			Right

	He cursorily flips through the bound pages and offers them back to 
	Tracy.


			Looks good to me.


			Aren't you supposed to keep them?


			NO, that's fine


			I thought you were supposed to keep 
			them.


			Okay, fine. Sure

	JIM throws his briefcase and Tracy's folder into the backseat.


			Thanks for everything.


			You bet.

	Tracy stays put as JIM climbs in, shuts the door and fastens his seat 
	belt.


					
			I can't wait to start campaigning.


			Should be easy.  So far no competition.


			Hell, you know, Coca-Cola's the world's 
			number one soft drink, but they spend 
			more money than anybody on advertising.  
			I guess that's how come they stay number 
			one.


			Yeah.  Okay.  well, good luck Tracy

	They exchange a long, curious stare.  There's a tone at once 
	confrontational and vaguely sexual about this moment.


			You know, Mr. M., when I win the 
			presidency, that means you and I are 
			going to be spending a lot of time 
			together next year.  And I for one would 
			like that time to be harmonious and 
			productive. Wouldn't you?


			Sure


			Okay. That's good. I just wanted to 
			make sure.


			Good luck, Tracy.

	JIM pulls away and heads for the parking lot exit.



	JIM drives stone-faced, unblinking. Something about the music on the 
	radio mocks him.


			I don't blame Tracy for what happened 
			with Dave. How could I? Dave was an 
			adult more than twice her age.



	JIM pulls to a stop next to a giant DUMPSTER

	Out of his window come yellowed newspapers, balled-up fast food bags, 
	and other detritus. He speeds away.


			Sure, she got on my nerves once in a 
			while, but I admired Tracy. I really 
			did.

	INSIDE THE DUMPSTER we see Tracy's little bound book of signatures.



	JIM and his wife Diane sit at their dining room table, eating chicken 
	pot pies, baked potatoes with sour cream, salad with Lite Ranch 
	dressing. Not a word passes between them.


			Thank God for Diane.  She was my best 
			friend, my source of love and strength.  
			Oh sure, we'd had our share of bumpy 
			times, but we'd always seen them 
			through.  After nine years of marriage, 
			we were closer than ever.  And the 
			secret? Good communication.


			Anything wrong?


			Everything's fine.  Just, you know, 
			school.



	JIM lies awake in bed while Diane snores beside him. Something seems 
	to be echoing in his head.


			...You know, Coca-Cola's by far the 
			number one soft drink... When I win the 
			presidency we're going to be spending a 
			lot of time together... a lot of time... 
			lots and lots and lots of time... 
			president and advisor. . .

	CLOSE ON JIM'S EAR as Tracy's LIPS magically whisper into it.


			...harmonious and productive... close 
			and special... you and I...  so close... 
			so intimate... together...



	In the darkness a light pops on, and JIM quietly pads down the stairs.

	He opens an old CEDAR TRUNK, lifts out a few blankets and a piece of 
	cardboard to reveal a row of PORNO TAPES cleverly concealed in the 
	bottom of the trunk.



	A FOOTBALL PLAYER in uniform and helmet filets a CHEERLEADER in a 
	locker room.

	JIM watches with detachment, as though watching the news.  He sips a 
	can of PEPSI.  The football stud continues to bump and grind.  Looking 
	at his Pepsi can, JIM is suddenly inspired.


					
			Paul.



	PAUL METZLER is SKIING in goggles and scarf. Behind  him is a cheesy 
	dated rear projection of other skiers. Suddenly Paul loses his balance 
	and FALLS.

	CLOSE ON PAUL writhing in the snow.


			Why. . . ? Why. . . ?


			I was so mad at God when I broke my leg 
			at Shadow Ridge over Christmas break.



	CLOSE ON AN X-RAY of a multiple FRACTURE.


			The doctors told me I'd have to quit 
			sports for at least a couple years if 
			not forever.



	Paul kneels in his FOOTBALL UNIFORM. The photograph erupts in flames. 
	Bonanza-style.


			...which meant no first-string 
			quarterback in the fall. It was like the 
			end of my life!



	Paul stands talking to FRIENDS in a very typical high school tableau. 
	All wear backpacks or carry books. A GIRL kneels to sign his cast.


			When I got back to school everybody was 
			so supportive, and they all wanted to 
			sign my cast and everything...

	EXT. MISSOURI RIVER LOCKOUT -- DAY Alone, Paul leans on his crutches 
	and watches the river


			... but I still couldn't shake the 
			feeling that now my life had no purpose. 
			What did God want from me?

	THE VAST MISSOURI - always flowing, never stopping, no beginning, no 
	end


			Why did I exist?



	Paul is sleeping slumped over a table, his head cradled on crossed 
	arms. The Celestine Prophecy is open face down next to him.


			Sometimes you can search everywhere for 
			answers. Then one day destiny just taps 
			you on the shoulder. I know, because it 
			happened to me.

	A FINGER reaches down and taps Paul's shoulder. Paul comes to and 
	looks -- it's Mr. McAllister.


			Paul, could I talk to you for a minute?



	His arm on Paul's shoulder, JIM walks Paul down a deserted hall and 
	into Jim's classroom. JIM picks up some scrap paper off the floor and 
	puts it in the proper place.


			Mr. McAllister changed my life. And no 
			matter what they say he did or did not 
			do, I believe he is a good man.

	JIM'S CLASSROOM - DAY Paul sits in a chair, while JIM stands


			Paul, I know you've been pretty down 
			since your accident.


			I wanted to play next year so bad I 
			could taste it.  And maybe go on to...


			I know.  I understand disappointment.  
			I really do.


			Yeah.


			But you've got a big choice right now.  
			You can choose to be depressed about it 
			for the rest of your life. Or you can 
			choose to see it for what it really is: 
			an opportunity.  I personally think you 
			have a big future ahead of you, and I 
			don't mean the fleeting glory of sports.


			What do you mean?


			Let me give you a clue.  You're a born 
			leader.  You're one of the most popular 
			students at Millard.  You're honest and 
			straightforward.  You don't choke under 
			pressure, as we all saw in that amazing 
			fourth quarter against Westside.  The 
			other kids look up to you.  What does 
			that spell?

	Paul furrows his brow and looks around, searching for an answer.  His 
	lower lip is wet.


			Student... council... president.

	It takes a moment for this to sink in.  Finally


			Who, me?  Nooo.  I never... I don't 
			know anything about that stuff, Mr. M. 
			Besides, that's Tracy Flick's thing. 
			She's always working so hard and --


			Yeah, no, she's a go-getter, all right.


			And she's super-nice


			Yeah.  But one person assured of 
			victory kind of undermines the whole 
			idea of a democracy, doesn't it? That's 
			more like a... well, like a 
			dictatorship, like we studied.


			Paul, what's your favorite fruit?


			Huh?  Oh.  Uh... pears


			takes a piece of chalk from the lip of 
			the blackboard.


			Okay, let's say


			No, wait -- apples.  Apples.

	JIM draws illustrative circles on the board as he speaks.


			Fine.  Let's say all you ever knew was 
			apples.  Apples, apples and more apples.  
			You might think apples were pretty good, 
			even if you occasionally got a rotten 
			one. Then one day there's an orange. And 
			now you can make a decision. Do you want 
			an apple, or do you want an orange?  
			That's democracy.


			I also like bananas.


			Exactly.  So what do you say?  Maybe 
			it's time to give a little something 
			back.



	Tracy directs her friend ERIC OVERHOLDT on a ladder as he hangs a 
	large POSTER high on a wall.


			The right side is too high. The right 
			side. Just a smidge.

	Suddenly she notices a small COMMOTION in the adjacent cafeteria and 
	goes to investigate.



	A small crowd of students compete to sign Paul's nomination petition 
	taped to the wall.


					
			Hey Paul, you going over to Anthony's 
			on Friday, or what did you decide?


			I gotta talk to him first.

	Tracy watches the hubbub, none too pleased, and pushes her way to the 
	front of the group.


			Who put you up to this?


			Huh?  Oh, hi, Tracy

	Tracy stares at him.


			Who put you up to this?


			What do you mean?


			You just woke up this morning and 
			suddenly decided to run for president?


			No.  Uh... I just... you know, I just 
			thought --


			Thought what?


			Well, see, I was talking to Mr. 
			McAllister about my leg and 
			everything... and how I still want to, 
			you know, do something for the school 
			and --


			So Mr. McAllister asked you to run.


			Well, I mean, you know, I talked to him 
			and everything, but he just said he 
			thought it was a good idea... and how 
			there's all different kinds of fruit 
			and...  It's nothing against you, Tracy.  
			You're the best.  I just thought --


			Okay, Mr. Popular.  You're on.

	With that Tracy turns and SIGNS Paul's sheet

	THE "I" IN "FLICK" is dotted with a STAR

	CLOSE ON TRACY'S FACE - as she walks away, Paul and his fans receding 
	behind her


			You might think it upset me that Paul 
			Metzier had decided to run against me, 
			but nothing could be further from the 
			truth.  He was no competition for me: it 
			was like apples and oranges. It just 
			meant I had to work a little harder, 
			that's all.





	in a xeroxed photograph. "Vote Tracy!" is written at the bottom.

	Tracy is making campaign buttons with her BUTTON MACHINE. She 
	manufactures her buttons with almost alarming intensity. PATRIOTIC 
	MUSIC begins to rise.


			You see, I believe in the voters. They 
			understand that elections aren't just 
			popularity contests. They know this 
			country was built by people just like me 
			who work very hard and don't have 
			everything handed to them on a silver 
			spoon.



	drop one by one into a box. All the little round Tracys smile up at 
	us.



	Paul is in the driver's seat of his hitching big-wheeled PICKUP TRUCK.  
	His door is open, and his radio blasts a SONG carefully selected to 
	boost soundtrack album sales.  Various FRIENDS OF PAUL'S hang around.

	Tracy watches the scene from her seat on the SCHOOL BUS


			Not like some rich kids who everybody 
			likes because their fathers own Metzier 
			Cement and give them trucks on their 
			sixteenth birthday and throw them big 
			parties all the time.  They don't ever 
			have to work for anything.

	The .bus pulls away.





	staring into camera as she exercises on a NORDIC TRAC, Drenched in 
	sweat, she moves in a hypnotic frenzy.


			They think they can all of a sudden one 
			day out of the blue waltz right in with 
			no qualifications whatsoever and try to 
			take away what other people have worked 
			for very, very hard their entire lives.  
			No, it didn't bother me at all I



	Paul drives home, his stereo thumping. Silent, he appears lost in 
	thought, as though a little gopher idea were burrowing its way to the 
	surface. Oh, look -- there's its snout  now.


			Paul... Paul... power... Paul... Paul 
			for President... progress... promise... 
			peanut... Paul-i-tics... yeah... 
			President Paul... Punt for Paul!  No.

	EXT. METZLER HOME	DAY Paul pulls into the driveway and hops out of 
	his car.



	Two GIRLS are kissing on the bed. They are TAMMY METZLER and LISA 
	FLANAGAN, fifteen and seventeen respectively. Lisa breaks away. Tammy 
	tries to kiss her again, but Lisa resists.


					 
			What?


			I told you ... I can't. I just -- It 
			doesn't feel right anymore, you know?



	Whistling a cheerful tune, Paul tosses his backpack on a chair, grabs 
	a banana, and opens the refrigerator.



	Tammy is still trying to comfort Lisa.


			If you could just get out of your head.

	Tammy leans forward, puts her palm on Lisa's cheek.  Lisa looks at 
	Tammy as though at a stranger.  Tammy leans forward and .kisses Lisa's 
	eyes.  Lisa jerks her head out of Tammy's hands.


			I said no!

	Suddenly, there's a quick KNOCK at the door, and Paul enters. The 
	girls rise quickly.


			Hey, Tammy, guess what happened today.


			Don't you fucking knock?


			Yeah.  So guess what happened.  So Mr. 
			McAllister, he --
					 
			Oh hi. Lisa.


			Paul, get out!


			So Mr. M. calls me in and tells me --


			I gotta go.

	Lisa pushes her way past Paul and runs down the hall


					 
			You dumbshit!


			What'd I do?




			You know how they say one day a big 
			meteor might come and crash into the 
			Earth and kill everybody? Well, I think 
			that would be a good thing.

	BACK TO LIFE - Tammy turns away from Paul in disgust and runs after 
	Lisa



	Tammy finds the front door flung open and through it sees Lisa 
	slamming the door of her beat-up Honda Civic and starting the engine.


			Lisa



	Tammy runs up to the car as it pulls away. She pounds on the window.


			Stop! Wait!

	Lisa stops the car, rolls down the window


			Where 're you going?


			I'm not like you.


			What...?


			I'm not a dyke, okay, and we're not in 
			love. We were just... I was just 
			experimenting.

	Lisa speeds away, and we watch her car grow smaller and smaller.



	as we see the greatest disappointment of her short life break across 
	her face.


			How can something that seems so true 
			turn out to be such a lie?



	Lisa and Tammy are swinging synchronized on a swingset, smiling and 
	laughing. The image is slightly OVEREXPOSED as though to suggest an 
	ideal memory.

	CLOSE ON TAMMY looking over at Lisa


			I mean Lisa and I were destined to be 
			together. It was so obvious. Of all the 
			people on the planet who had ever lived, 
			somehow we'd found each other.



	in SLOW MOTION, swinging next to us. She looks  back, her face so 
	happy.


			Lisa...



	CHOMP-CHOMP-CHOMP Tammy eats an asparagus spear.

	GNAW-GNAW-GNAW Lisa eats an asparagus spear

	TAMMY drinks a big glass of water.  She giggles a little.

	LISA drinks a big glass of water.  She giggles too.


			I remember one time Lisa and I did an 
			experiment with asparagus to see how 
			long it takes your pee to smell. We peed 
			a little every five minutes.

	AN EGG TIMER:  Ding I Tammy and Lisa, very serious now, smell little 
	Dixie cups


			For her it took about fifteen minutes, 
			and for me it was twenty.



	Lisa studies at a table, surrounded by other busy students.


			Everyday I found some new way to tell 
			Lisa I loved her.

	Suddenly Tammy walks by, drops a folded NOTE in front of Lisa, and 
	walks on.  Lisa opens it.


					
			If you died right now, I would throw 
			myself into one of my Dad's cement 
			trucks and get poured into your tomb.

	Lisa looks over her shoulder at Tammy, who is now at the door of the 
	library.  Tammy nods at her with quiet loving reassurance.


			But it just seemed like the closer we 
			got, the more she pulled away.



	Lisa watches Tammy open her locker and notices a four-frame PHOTO-
	BOOTH PHOTOGRAPH taped to the inside of the door.  In the photos Lisa 
	and Tammy are clowning and smooching.  Lisa reaches over and YANKS the 
	photos off the door.


			Are you crazy?


			What?


			People can see this.


			So?


			These are private -- these are for us.


			I know.


			But other people can see them too.


			I don't care.


			Well, I do.

	Lisa walks away with the photos



	CLOSE ON LISA SWINGING -- next to us, a final reprise of Tammy's 
	favorite memory


			What did I do to make her change? 
			What's wrong with me?

	Lisa swings out of frame, and the swing returns EMPTY.


					 
			Lisa.



	Tammy sits on a promontory overlooking an Omaha Public Power District 
	station -- towers, wires, insulators, a loud HUM.


			Sometimes when I'm sad, I sit and watch 
			the power station.

	Tammy lifts a pair of BINOCULARS to her eyes, sees THE POWER PLANT.


			They say if you lie between two of the 
			main wires, your body just evaporates.  
			You become a gas.  I wonder what that 
			would feel like.



	Lisa's car speeds away, growing smaller and smaller. We're back at the 
	BREAK-UP.  CLOSE ON TAMMY'S FACE as she stares down the street, unable 
	to move. It  starts to rain. Tears roll down her cheeks, mixing with 
	the  rain. very French, very sad.


			I don ' t know what I did to make Lisa 
			hate me so much, but somehow she decided 
			to hurt roe. And she knew exactly what 
			to do.





	matched in size to Tammy's. He is moaning, gasping.



	Paul is sprawled on Lisa's bed, surrounded by stuffed animals. His 
	legs dangle over the edge of the bed, and Lisa kneels between them, 
	her head bobbing up and down.


			I sure was surprised the day Lisa 
			Flanagan asked me for a ride home and 
			ended up blowing me.

	Lisa pauses and looks up at Paul.


			I've wanted this for so long.

	She resumes with renewed vigor


			Uhhh... teeth. Teeth.


			Sorry.



	Paul and Lisa sit with some other friends at a lunch table. Paul has 
	one arm around Lisa as he eats with his other hand.


			Life is so weird.  First Lisa has a big 
			fight with my sister, and the next thing 
			you know she's my girlfriend.

	Lisa turns around to look at

	TAMMY seated at another table directly behind them.  She and Lisa lock 
	eyes before they both turn around again.



	Paul poses for a campaign photo in his football uniform.  He freezes 
	in position as though about to throw a pass.  Lisa adjusts his 
	position -- CLICK.


			Since Lisa knew all about public 
			relations and stuff, she offered to help 
			me with my campaign.  We made a great 
			team!

	Tammy spies from underneath the bleachers



	Paul is on all fours as Lisa stands on his back to hang a poster with 
	Paul's football picture reading: "Paul Metzier You Bet-zier!"


			It seemed so natural, the two of us 
			together.  It was like destiny.

	Tammy watches from a nearby classroom door, her nose and cheek pressed 
	against the window.



	Paul's truck pulls up, and Paul and Lisa get out


			That spring was perfect.  My leg wasn't 
			bugging me too much, and the weather was 
			so nice.  And every afternoon after 
			school. Lisa and I would go to her house 
			to fuck and have a swim.  It was like we 
			were in a world all our own.

	Tammy emerges from behind a tree.  She's on her bike.  Angry and 
	fragile, she watches the couple enter Lisa's house.



	Tammy peeks OVER THE FENCE and sees --

	LISA AND PAUL swimming.  Paul dives off the board and resurfaces right 
	into Lisa's arms.

	MOVE CLOSER TO TAMMY as she dies a thousand deaths.


			I had to do something.  I didn't know 
			what, but I had to do something.





	A laughing BABY BOY is lowered into frame and pulled back up again.  
	Then he swings across frame.  It's little DARRYL NOVOTNY.



	JIM has Darryl by the ankles and is swinging him between his legs. 
	Diane and Sherry are setting the picnic table.  Stacked charcoal 
	briquettes burn off in a nearby barbecue.


			Around that time Diane and I were 
			hanging out a lot at Sherry Novotny's  
			house, giving her our love and support 
			and helping her make it through a 
			difficult time.


			Jim, don't.  You're scaring him.


			He likes it.

	Darryl's laughter suddenly turns into CRYING


			Here.  Give him to me.
					(as she takes 
					Darryl)
			is little Darryl dizzy?  That's it. . 
			come here. . .


			You got him?


			Yeah.

	Sherry heads into the house.  JIM watches her walk, then turns toward 
	Diane and Darryl.  It's as though Diane, not Sherry, were the infant's 
	real mother, so loving and attentive is she, so swelled with maternal 
	piety.


			Diane really wanted to have kids -- and 
			so did I -- but it seemed like there was 
			always a reason to wait: she had to 
			finish nursing school, I had to get my 
			masters, we needed a new house, we 
			needed more money.  Finally we just 
			decided to go for it...



	A DIGITAL THERMOMETER reads 99.3.  Behind it Diane lies in bed reading 
	a copy of Self.


			...but for over a year we hadn't had 
			any luck.  And Diane was getting 
			desperate.



	At his desk, JIM studies a High Society magazine.  He is naked.

	JIM closes his eyes and bites his lip as though feeling something he 
	wished not to leave him.  He quickly replaces a stack of magazines in 
	his desk and goes across the hall to --



	where 'Lisa''s car speeds away, growing smaller and smaller. We''re 
	back at the BREAK-UP.  CLOSE ON TAMMY''S FACE as she stares down the 
	street, unable to move. It  starts to rain. Tears roll down her 
	cheeks, mixing with the  rain. very French, very sad.' waits in bed.  
	She puts aside her magazine and welcomes Papa Bear.  Lisa pauses and 
	looks up at Paul. closes the door behind him.



	JIM and Diane copulate.  Although ostensibly near climax, JIM seems to 
	be struggling.  Diane's exhortations, once forbidden and exciting, now 
	seem routine.


			You gonna do it? You gonna do it?


			 Yeah, uh, just a minute


			Come on, doit. Doit. Fill me up. Come 
			on, fill me up


			Yeah, just --


			Do it!

	JIM finally climaxes


			Okay!

	With that JIM rolls off of her. Diane immediately hoists her knees to 
	her chest.

	CLOSE ON JIM - on his side of the bed facing away from Diane.


			Could you hand me the remote?



	JIM is snapped out of his reverie by Sherry's voice


			Say, Jim. Jim.

	JIM looks. Sherry is walking out the patio door holding a big bottle 
	of wine with a corkscrew sticking out of it.


			Could you get this? I can't


			Sure.

	JIM takes the bottle.  CLOSE ON the neck as the cork emerges: POP!



	Sherry stands at the base of a stepladder as JIM climbs up and points 
	to a spot on the ceiling.


			Without Dave around. Sherry needed a 
			lot of help around the house.


			Here?


					 
			More this way.


			Okay.  Give me the drill.

	JIM looks down at Sherry as she hands it up.  Her blouse reveals a bit 
	more than it should, and JIM pauses to get an extra glimpse.

	THE POWER DRILL BIT penetrates the ceiling.



	A shirtless JIM is MOWING the lawn on a hot day.  He shuts it off as 
	Sherry emerges from the house with lemonade.  She wears culottes, a 
	halter top, and flip-flops.


			I'd always liked Sherry, but we'd never 
			had a chance to spend any time alone 
			together.  How with Dave out of the 
			picture, I began to see what an 
			incredibly sensitive and giving person 
			she was.

	JIM downs his glass in big thirsty gulps and hands her back the glass. 
	He watches her walk back to the house.


			Plus she had finally dropped all that 
			weight from her pregnancy, and really 
			she looked great.

	THE RIPCORD of the lawnmower is pulled a couple of times until it 
	starts.





	Sherry looks at herself in the mirror modeling a colorful floppy hat. 
	She spins around for Jim's approval.


			We got to be pretty good buddies.  I 
			even took her to the mall one time while 
			her car was in the shop.

	JIM smiles and nods.  She puts on another.  Sherry is like a young 
	girl on a date.  She grabs Jim's hand and pulls him in another 
	direction.

	AT THE MAKEUP COUNTER - Sherry spreads on lipstick.


			What do you think?

	It's clear what JIM thinks.


			You look great



	They're driving home.  There are packages on Sherry's lap and in the 
	backseat.


			I can't afford this stuff right now.


			Oh, come on.  You've had a hard year, 
			you're cooped up with the kid all the 
			time.  Let go; live a little.


			You sure?

	They come to a stop at a red light.  Out one window JIM spots a MOTEL.


			So what do you think?  Should we get a 
			room?


			Should we get a what?


			points at the motel.


			Oh.

	Her smile fades, and she stares straight ahead. There's an icy, 
	uncomfortable silence.


					 
			That's not funny.

	The light changes. JIM swallows, accelerates



	JIM walks in through the backdoor. Diane is loading the dishwasher. 
	They peck-kiss.


			How'd it go?


			Fine. You know. We just went to 
			Crossroads.


			You guys have fun?

	JIM picks an apple out of a bowl.


					
			Yeah. No. I mean, you know.


			What?


			Well, Sherry's great.  But she can be a 
			little much sometimes.



	Diane lies face-down, and JIM is on top of her. JIM makes spirited 
	love with her.


			Oh, Jim! Oh, God!

	SHERRY'S HEAD, like a cut-out from a tabloid cover, floats in from 
	off-screen and lands on the back of Diane's head. At the right moment, 
	her face COMES TO LIFE and vaguely mouths the words that Diane is 
	saying, like a badly-dubbed movie.


			Oh, God.  Just like that.  Oh yes. Fill 
			me up...

	Jim's wicked desire increases with each movement

	Now TRACY FLICK'S FACE floats over and replaces Sherry's. Tracy mouths 
	Diane's words.


			Do it, Jim.  Fuck me.

	JIM is at once in deep-space ecstasy and surprised at himself.  
	Diane's voice now changes: it's Tracy's VOICE.


			Fuck me, Mr. McAllister






			So like I was saying, things were going 
			pretty well in my life.



	It's passing period, and hundreds of students clog the halls


			... that is, until things started going 
			all haywire with that damn election.

	A distant DING-DING grows louder and louder. Everyone turns toward the 
	source, far down the hall, and eventually TAMMY emerges wearing a 
	makeshift SANDWICH BOARD that reads "Tammy Metzier For President." 
	Smiling a perverse smile, she rings a hand bell. Salvation Army style.

	Paul is at his locker and watches Tammy go by.


			Tammy? Tammy, what are you doing?

	Tammy ignores her brother and keeps walking directly toward us, 
	finally INTO CAMERA.

	INT. MILLARD TEACHERS' OFFICES -- DAY Tracy sits opposite Mr. 
	McAllister.


			You're the advisor.  You should stop 
			her.  She's not qualified.  She's just a 
			sophomore.


			Calm down, Tracy.  Just calm down.


			Are you sure all her signatures are 
			real?  It's not easy to get all those 
			signatures.


			As far as I know, they--

	Suddenly LISA AND PAUL are sitting where Tracy was.


			We can't both run, can we?  We're 
			brother and sister.  Can we?


			It's a conflict of interest.  And Paul 
			was first.


			Anyone who gets signatures in on time 
			can run.  And she got in just under the 
			wire.  Nothing I can do.

	Now TRACY replaces Lisa and Paul


			Let me see them.  Let me see them

	Sighing, JIM fishes in his drawer and hands Tracy some sheets


			These are a bunch of burn-outs. And 
			look at this one, I can't even read this 
			one.


					 
			Looks like Tim Kobza.

	LISA AND PAUL again


			She's doing this to get back at me


			For what?


			I mean at you.


			For what?


			I don't know.  You're her brother you 
			should know.

	TRACY returns.


			Tim Kobza?  Tim Kobza!  Who's he? I've 
			never heard of him!


			Look, why don't we just forget about 
			Tammy?  We'll have the assembly 
			tomorrow, everybody'll make their 
			speeches, and I'm sure everything will 
			be fine.



	The entire student body is assembled on the bleachers. There is a 
	palpable mood of boredom and apathy.

	JERRY SLAVIN, a handicapped kid in a wheelchair, is  at the 
	microphone. His head lists to one side, and he takes  long breaths as 
	he speaks.


			I love Millard High, and I will be a 
			dedicated vice President. A vote for 
			Jerry Slavin is a vote for good 
			government. And even if I can't really 
			stand up for you, I will.
					
			Thank you.

	Jerry motors away amid scattered applause and coughs.  JIM steps 
	forward, clapping, and raises the mike.


			Thank you, Jerry, and good luck. Again, 
			Jerry is running unopposed for Vice 
			President. So we'll move on now to the 
			presidential race with three candidates 
			running. The first in alphabetical order 
			is Tracy Flick.

	Tracy steps forward with a small stack of index cards. During her 
	speech she flips the cards over one by one but rarely looks at them.


			Poet Henry David Thoreau once wrote, "I 
			cannot make my days longer, so I strive 
			to make them better."  With this 
			election, we here at Millard also have 
			an opportunity to make our high school 
			days better.  During this campaign I 
			have had the opportunity to speak with 
			many of you about your concerns.  I 
			spoke with freshman Eliza Ramirez, who 
			told me how alienated she feels from her 
			own homeroom.  I spoke with sophomore 
			Reggie Banks, who said his mother works 
			in a cafeteria and can't afford to buy 
			him enough spiral notebooks for his 
			classes.  I won't bore you with long-
			winded promises about all the new and 
			innovative things I will definitely 
			achieve during the year in which it will 
			be my honor and privilege to represent 
			each and every one of you, but I can say 
			that my years of experience on the 
			student council have taught me the three 
			most important attributes the president 
			needs to possess;  commitment -


			Eat me


			Eat me raw!

	There is  scattered laughter. Tracy pauses, wait Hendricks bounds up 
	and grabs the mike.


			If you can't be adults and give these 
			candidates the courtesy they deserve, 
			then you don't deserve to be called 
			adults but children* Because that's what 
			children are. And you'll be treated like 
			children. So let's all listen up.

	Walt backs away to his seat. Tracy resumes


			The three most important attributes the 
			president needs to possess are: 
			commitment, qualifications, and 
			experience.  I'll add one more; caring.  
			I care about Millard, and I care about 
			each and every one of you, and together 
			we can all make a difference.  One of 
			the things I would like to establish is 
			a regular open forum where any student 
			can come and voice their concern about 
			issues we face here at Millard.  I and 
			the rest of the student council would 
			then interface with the faculty and 
			staff, so a continuous dialogue would 
			exist.

	Walt whispers to Jim.


			I'd say she knows a thing or two about 
			student-faculty dialogue.

	JIM nods solemnly


			When you cast your vote for Tracy Flick 
			next week, you won't just be voting for 
			me.  You'll be voting for yourself and 
			for every other student Our days won't 
			be any longer, but they can sure be 
			better.  Thank you.

	Tracy smiles and walks back to her folding chair.  There is polite 
	applause and a few whistles.  JJJB comes back to the microphone.

	Tracy takes her seat next to Paul and glances at him.  Paul scares 
	straight ahead, a fat bead of sweat on his forehead. One of his legs 
	is jiggling.


			The next candidate for student body 
			president is Paul Metzier.  Paul?

	Paul awkwardly makes his way to the mike.   Though by no means 
	thunderous, his applause clearly exceeds Tracy's.  A small cluster of 
	jocks "woof" for him, shaking their fists in the air.  Paul manages a 
	weak grin for his buddies.

	Tracy shifts in her chair, her smile stiff and forced

	Lisa smiles and nods at Paul from the bleachers, giving him 
	encouragement and a silent reminder to remember what they talked 
	about.

	Tammy's eyes dart between Lisa and Paul. She shows no emotion, reveals 
	nothing.

	The applause quickly dies, and after a moment Paul remembers to look 
	at the white paper in his hand. He speaks in a barely audible 
	monotone, never once glancing up.


			As many of you know I broke my leg 
			pretty bad thi3 year and the experience 
			has made me reevaluate what I want to do 
			with my life and that is help people 
			when you think about it a school is more 
			than a school it's our second home where 
			we spend all cur time and grow as 
			individuals and a community but is our 
			school everything it could be I want our 
			school to reach its true potential that 
			is why I am running for president.

	JIM pinches the bridge of his nose, clearly pained

	A few loud SOUND EFFECT SNORES saw through the air, and Walt points a 
	stern finger at - you guessed it -- Doug Schenken.


			I know what it is to fight hard and win 
			like when we almost went to state last 
			fall and I threw that fourth-quarter 
			pass against Westside for the touchdown 
			that won the game by three points I 
			won't let you down like I didn't then I 
			promise we can all score a winning
					
			touchdown together. Vote Paul Metzier 
			for president thank you.

	Paul now gets considerably less applause, but his jock friends remain 
	loyal.


			Okay, Paul. Now our final candidate for 
			President - another one of the Metzier 
			clan -- sophomore Tammy Metzier.

	Tammy approaches the mike. There are scattered mocking whistles and 
	catcalls.

	Tammy calmly looks over the crowd, waiting for the jeers to subside. 
	She makes eye contact with Lisa, who stares back.


			People.  People I

	The room quiets down.  Tammy puts her lips close to the mike,


			Who cares about this stupid election?

	NOW there's something worth listening to.


			We all know it doesn't matter who gets 
			elected president of Millard. You think 
			it's going to change anything around 
			here, make one single person happier or 
			smarter or nicer? The only person it 
			matters to is the one who gets elected.  
			The same pathetic charade happens every 
			year, and everyone makes the same 
			pathetic promises just so they can put 
			it on their transcripts to get into 
			college.  So vote for me, because I 
			don't even want to go to college, and I 
			don't care, and as president I won't do 
			anything.  The only promise I make is 
			that if elected I will immediately 
			dismantle the student government, so 
			that none of us will ever have to sit 
			through one of these stupid assemblies 
			again!

	There is a sudden huge cathartic eruption of cheers and applause.  
	Tammy has set them free.  Even cynical old Doug Schenken and his 
	buddies join in.


			Tammy!   Tammy!  Tammy!

	In total control, she steps back from the mike and CURTSIES.

	Walt shoots an angry, confused look at Jim, who shrugs. Tracy is 
	clearly upset, but her smile remains eerily fixed Paul just looks 
	confused and ashamed.  Jerry Slavin is convulsed in laughter and 
	chants along with the multitude.

	Tammy quickly grabs the mike for one final exhortation.


			0h don't vote for me I  Who cares? 
			Don't vote at all!

	The students go nuts.



	Dr. Hendricks is in a serious post-assembly discussion with JIM and 



			That little bitch made a fool of us I 
			want her out of the election. Getting 
			everybody all riled up like that.  She's 
			finished, you hear me? Washed up.


			Walt, we can't throw her out of the 
			election just because we don't like her 
			speech.  That's not what student 
			government's about.


					
			Yeah... whatever.  All I know is she's 
			a troublemaker.  She's on my list.


			All we need to do is send a message, so 
			maybe we should just suspend her.


			Right.  That's it.  She's suspended for 
			a week!

	To emphasize his point, Walt throws his STYROFOAM CUP at the 
	wastepaper basket and misses.  Lowell the janitor, passing by outside 
	the door, notices the cup bouncing on the floor.


			I think that's a little strong Walt.  
			Ron?


			We don't want to make a martyr out of 
			her.  Three days sounds right to me.


			Okay.  Three days.  Take care of it.



	Tammy rides her bike on this crisp sunny spring day.  The music is 
	buoyant.  Tammy is all smiles.


			Being suspended is like getting a paid 
			vacation.  Too bad it was only three 
			days



	Tammy is hanging out by the entrance. A DUDE emerges from the store 
	carrying a 12-pack of beer. En route to his car, he throws Tammy a 
	pack of CIGARETTES.


			Here you go.

	Tammy looks at the pack


			Hey -- I said lights I



	A cigarette hanging out of her mouth, Tammy rides by the front of this 
	Catholic girls' school.



	Tammy gets off her bike, goes to look through the surrounding fence at 



	in their cleats, short skirts, jerseys. LITURGICAL MUSIC accompanies 
	SLOW-MOTION close-ups of the girls in action.

	Tammy seems to breathe them in



	Wearing headphones. Tammy DANCES to music only  she can hear. She 
	happens to glance toward her door and notices a MANILA ENVELOPE 
	sliding under it. She opens the door  and finds a startled Paul.


			What do you want?


			Oh.  Hi, Tammy.  I was just, you know, 
			I went to all your teachers and got your 
			assignments.

	Tammy looks at him, picks up the packet.


			I just thought, well, last time you got 
			suspended you fell so behind and -


			Okay, Paul.  Thanks.  Thanks a lot.

	Paul smiles at the acknowledgment of his good deed.


			Now could you leave me alone?


			Yeah.  Oh, one more thing. Tammy. You 
			know, all this election stuff. 'Cause, 
			you know, everyone is saying it's so 
			weird that you're running against me, 
			and, well, it is kind of weird, and you 
			haven't really told me why you're doing 
			it and didn't tell me in advance or 
			anything.  But that's okay, you know.  l 
			respect your privacy.  I just want you 
			to know that no matter who wins, if it's 
			you or me, there's no hard feelings.  
			We're still brother and sister.  Okay?  
			Cause... and I hope you feel the same.


			Sure, Paul.  No hard feelings.


			Okay.  Great.  I feel good.

	Paul is about to leave again but


			Oh.  Oh.  Yeah.  Right.  One other 
			thing.  Since you know Lisa so well, 
			could you give me some advice?  I want 
			to get her something for helping me with 
			the election.  You know, something 
			really special -- like flowers or candy 
			or flowers and candy.  Or is that too 
			typical?  I mean, can you think of 
			something? Something really special?  
			You know, something she'd really like?

	Tammy looks as though she'd like to push the button on all the world's 
	atomic bombs.





	drawn on white paper. A hand enters frame with a brush and begins to 
	fill in the outline with blue tempera-paint.

	Camera RISES to reveal the "0" as part of a giant banner. Tracy is 
	working on some letters, while ERIC OVERHOLDT is working on others.


			What happened at the speeches was an 
			unconscienceable travesty. That little 
			bitch Tammy Metzier wanted to make a 
			fool out of me. Well, it wasn't going to 
			work. People do care who wins. Things do 
			matter.

	Finally, we're high enough to read:




			Eric, the "r" is supposed to be green, 
			not blue.


			Oh. Okay.

	Eric carefully paints over his mistake, then works up  some courage.


			So, Tracy, I was wondering if after we 
			finish with these you'd like to go to a 
			movie or something.


			That's okay.  I'm too busy.

	Ouch.

	INT. MILLARD YEARBOOK OFFICE -- NIGHT A haggard Tracy sits alone at a 
	computer monitor


			People are so ungrateful.  If all those 
			students who cheered for Tammy Metzier 
			only knew how hard I worked for Millard.  
			Like all the late nights I spent at the 
			yearbook office just to give them their 
			memories.



	displays a DIGITIZED PHOTO of the Millard yearbook staff.  DAVE 
	NOVOTNY peers proudly from behind two of the taller students. A CURSOR 
	in the shape of tiny SCISSORS makes a small circle around Dave's face.  
	Suddenly, the cursor turns into a tiny HAND and drags Dave's dislodged 
	head into the TRASH.

	Tracy concentrates as she deftly controls the mouse.


			One of my duties was to clean up the 
			group photos.  It was a cinch with our 
			new software.



	as Tracy outlines a piece of the WALL and places it in the void where 
	Dave used to be, blurring the edges for a perfect effect,  voila!

	Satisfied, Tracy taps on the keyboard.


					
			Let's see... "save" is Command "S."  
			Okay.



	Tracy is heading down the hall toward the exit when she rounds a 
	corner and, suddenly deeply troubled, sees that

	HER NEW "WHO CARES?" BANNER has come loose on an upper corner and is 
	drooping.

	Tracy puts down her things and JUMPS up to slap the corner back into 
	place.  Satisfied, she turns away.  But then - SHOOP!  The banner 
	fights back, peeling even further from the wall.  Tracy prepares for 
	battle.



	Tracy enters and grabs a long aluminum STRAIGHT-EDGE.



	Standing on an overturned GARBAGE CAN and wielding the straight-edge, 
	Tracy tries to smooth the banner. But she's not holding the ruler flat 
	against the wall and -- RIP! -- she slices the banner lengthwise. Now 
	the plastic garbage can begins to buckle. Struggling to retain her 
	balance, Tracy accidentally hooks the banner and as she TUMBLES yanks 
	the whole thing down.

	Overcome with anger and frustration, she thrashes around on the ground 
	and TEARS UP what remains of her banner.

	PAUL METZLER smiles down at Tracy from his poster across the hall.

	Tracy looks up at it. Instantly she is on her feet, lunging for the 
	poster. She jumps up, TEARS it down, and RIPS Paul's head into pieces.

	Blood issues from a thin paper cut on one hand. Tracy regards it at 
	first without comprehending, then raises it to her mouth. While 
	sucking her wound, her gaze falls on --

	ANOTHER SMILING PAUL mocking her pain.



	Hurricane Tracy begins a savage assault on the fragile coast of 
	Millard High. Paul's campaign posters fill the air, shredded to pieces 
	by the powerful winds of jealousy and rage.



	to Tracy even farther down the hall, still jumping, still ripping.

	TRACK FROM OVERHEAD - THE HALLWAY FLOOR - where a thousand bits of 
	Paul lie scattered -- a grinning mouth here, an eye there.

	TILT UP finally to Tracy, sweating, panting.  She finishes ripping a 
	poster and looks to find another.  But there are no more Paul posters: 
	she has destroyed them all.  Tracy raises her hands and sees they are 
	streaked with Blood.



	Tracy is at the sink, washing away the blood.  She pats her hands dry 
	with paper towels.  The gravity of what she's done now sinks in, and 
	she panics.


			I didn't do this.  I didn't do it.

	She lifts the top off a garbage can, removes the PLASTIC LINER.



	With frantic haste, Tracy stuffs the evidence of her awful deed into 
	the garbage bag.



	Tracy's face is half-obscured by the bulging bag she carries down the 
	sidewalk.



	Tracy opens her TRUNK and heaves the garbage bag inside slamming the 
	trunk, she looks around - no one.



	Tracy drives, sucking on a wounded hand. She glances frequently in the 
	rear-view mirror.



	Tracy's car drives down a REMOTE ROAD.  There are no sidewalks here, 
	and the surroundings consist of scrubby vegetation and industrial 
	structures.  In the background looms a POWER PLANT.



	We now sense that Tracy has a plan. She throws the car into reverse, 
	backs up and turns onto -



	Tracy stop the car near an EMBANKMENT. She gets out and pulls the 
	garbage bag from the trunk.

	With a big shove Tracy sends the bag cartwheeling down the hill 
	Breathing hard but clearly relieved, Tracy watches the evidence of her 
	deed tumble into obscurity.

	NOW THROUGH BINOCULARS Tracy's shadowy figure runs back to the car.



	Tammy momentarily drops her BINOCULARS before raising them again.

	THROUGH THE BINOCULARS - Tracy's car speeds away.

	Tammy drops her binoculars and mounts her bike



	Tammy skids to a stop, drops her bike, and heads down the embankment.



	as Tammy draws near. She pauses at first, but intrepid curiosity 
	conquers her fear. She unties the knot.

	FROM INSIDE THE BAG we see Tammy's sudden look of HORROR

	PAUL'S MANGLED FACE smiles up at her. Tammy raises it toward camera





	as a hand extracts a huge WAD OF HAIR -- stringy, mucousy. fetid.

	JIM holds it up for Sherry, who stands behind him in her bathrobe.


			There's your culprit

	He examines it from different angles. Both scrunch their faces


			Shall we give it a name?


					(not missing a 
					beat)
			Dave.

	CLOSE ON AN OPEN TOILET - Plop!  The hairwad joins several smaller 
	stringy friends.



	JIM washes his hands.  Sherry glances between JIM and the water 
	running in the shower.  It's getting steamy.


			Did you know Dave's a bed wetter?


			No, I... uh, didn't know that


			All his life.  He's tried everything.


					
			Still clear?


			Yep.


			We'll let it run awhile

	JIM turns off the faucet and reaches for a towel.  Sherry offers him 
	another.


			This one's clean.

	JIM takes it and dries his hands.  Sherry now stands very close to 
	him.  JIM
	sets the towel on the sink.  It's a little awkward as they look into 
	each other's eyes, standing so near.


			I guess you'd better get to work huh?  
			You're going to be late.

	She slowly wraps her arms around Jim's neck and pulls him to her, a 
	hug of gratitude and warmth -- nothing sexual here, just the embrace 
	of two people in need of shelter from the storm of life.  No, nothing 
	sexual at all.


			Thank you, Jim.

	Now sherry begins to cry a little, and things begin to change -- hands 
	wander, cheek brushes cheek.  Finally lips meet, tenderly at first.  
	And then it is a deluge.



	JIM and Sherry stumble in from the hallway locked in an embrace.  They 
	rove around the room, barely able to keep their balance.  Finally, 
	they fall to the ground.



	playing with his foot in the CRIB.  Through the bars behind him we can 
	discern the murky shape of Sherry and JIM rutting and grunting like 
	wild boars.



	JIM starts his car.  Sherry leans into his window.  She looks around 
	the neighborhood before kissing him firmly on the mouth.


			Hey Yeah?


			Take me to that motel.  Like you 
			wanted.


			Right now?


			Easy, tiger.  Come by after school. 
			I'll leave Darryl with the sitter.


			Three twenty-five.


			Three twenty-five.



	VROOM!  JIM roars past us in his new RED FERRARI CONVERTIBLE



	JIM wears a BLACK SUIT and hip HRAPAROUND SUNGLASSES as he drives. He 
	lights a cigarette. Behind him is a cheesy dated REAR PROJECTION Of a 
	curvy MOUNTAIN ROAD. Next Stop: portofino!


			What had blossomed between Sherry and 
			me was too real, too powerful to deny. 
			For the first time in years, I felt free 
			and alive!



	JIM'S Ferrari heads up the driveway and into his assigned space He 
	opens the Ferrari door.

	JIM'S FOOT touches the pavement - not a shiny Salvatore Ferragamo 
	loafer but a worn out Dexter.



	JIM is back in his own clothes, and his car has reverted to a Ford 
	Escort in need of a wash. He heads toward the school.



	JIM enters the library, walks among the stacks.


			So as you can imagine, my thoughts 
			weren't on the election that Monday 
			morning.

	JIM takes a BOOK from the shelf


			My thoughts were only on Sherry, on how 
			perfect she felt inside. There was a 
			special poem I wanted to read to her 
			later, at the motel, as she lay next to 
			me.

	Jim flips through the book and finds the poem he seeks. His lips move 
	silently.


	Close, close the lovers keep. They stay together in their sleep. Close 
	as two pages in a book That read each other in the dark..

	Suddenly -- a grating VOICE from the loudspeakers.


			Mr. McAllister to the Principal's 
			Office.  Mr. McAllister to the 
			Principal's office.

	JIM smacks the book closed



	LISA FLAMAGAN - her face streaked with tears from outrage and 
	confusion.


			It's not fair.  It's not fair

	Paul sits next to Lisa on the vinyl sofa.  He wants to console her, 
	but he doesn't know how.


			I just don't think anybody would do 
			something like that on purpose.  It must 
			have been some kind of mistake. Like a 
			maintenance thing.

	JIM enters.


			Jim, where the hell have you been?


			Nowhere.  I don't have class until 
			second period.


			Even tried you at home.  We've got a 
			situation here.


			If Paul loses tomorrow, it's not fair.  
			There has to be another election,  with 
			posters.


			What's the problem?


			Didn't you see?


			Somebody tore down their posters.


			Those posters cost a lot of money we 
			don't have I  There's no time to make 
			any more posters, there's no --


			We'll get to the bottom of it.


					
			We still have some extra ones, don't 
			we?  Maybe we can just --


			It was Tammy I  That's who it was.


			Oh, no, hey.  Like I said. Tammy 
			wouldn't... she...


			Well, that speech she gave -- it was 
			pretty, you know, pretty out there.  But 
			we'll get to the bottom of it.  Don't 
			you worry. Mr. McAllister is going to 
			see to that.  Right, Jim?


					(his thoughts 
					elsewhere) 
			Oh yeah, you bet.


			She should be expelled.  Or worse!


			You two just go back and focus on your 
			studies.  Mr. McAllister's going to 
			handle this.





	as a VIAL containing blue liquid is held to the flame.  The solution 
	magically changes from blue to yellow.

	Wearing goggles, Tracy holds the beaker with chemist's tongs Her two 
	LAB PARTNERS observe.

	The classroom door and a STUDENT approaches the teacher, MR. BECKMAN, 
	to deliver a note.


			Tracy?

	Tracy looks up through her goggles.



	LONG TRACKING SHOT	. - of Tracy as she leaves the classroom. AS 
	she walks through the .desolate halls and descends a flight of stairs, 
	she holds her head high, suggesting a serene, almost regal confidence.


			When I arrived at school that morning, 
			I was shocked to find that one of my key 
			banners had been removed by vandals. I 
			noticed that a few of my rival's posters 
			had also been tampered with. Of course, 
			I was outraged, but one day before the 
			election is not the time to lose your 
			head over a couple of posters. When 
			you're in the public eye, attacks like 
			that just come with the territory.

	Finally she reaches the



	Upon seeing Tracy, MISS LINDA BEEDER, the "They 're-all-my-kids office 
	administrator, points wordlessly to an open door of a conference room. 

	is inside.


			Tracy. Come on in. And shut the door 
			behind you.

	She goes in and closes the door in our face.



	Tracy is seated in a chair. JIM hovers above her, alternately leaning 
	on a desk and pacing.


			I guess you know why you're here


			If it's about the posters, I think it's 
			so awful. It's a travesty.


			A travesty.  Huh.  That's interesting, 
			because I think you did it.


			Wait - are you accusing me? You're not 
			serious. 
					
			I can't... Mr. McAllister, we have 
			worked together on SGA for three solid 
			years and... I mean, I can't believe it.  
			I'm... I'm shocked!

	JIM stares at her.


			Mr. M., I am running on my 
			qualifications.  I would never need to 
			resort to, you know, to vandalism like 
			a, you know... Plus, my own best banner 
			was torn down.  Did I do that too?


			Were you or were you not working in the 
			Watchdog office over the weekend?


			I was.  So?  Mr. Pecharda let me in.  
			As you know, with all my 
			responsibilities I often come in on the 
			weekend and have permission to do so.  
			But I left very early, around 6:30.


			6:30.  How do you know what time the 
			posters were torn down?


			I don't.  I just know they were there 
			when I left.  I'm giving you helpful 
			information is all.  You know, instead 
			of wasting time interrogating me, we 
			should be out there trying to find out 
			who did this.


			Okay, Tracy, so who do you think did 
			it?  Whom should we "interrogate?"


			well, I don't know.  It could have been 
			anybody.  There are a lot of, you know, 
			subversive elements around Millard.  You 
			know, like Rick Thieson and Kevin Speck 
			and those burn-outs.  Or Doug Schenken -
			what about him?  Or what about Tammy
			Metzier?  Her whole thing is being anti-
			this and anti-that.

	JIM shifts gears


			You're a very intelligent girl, Tracy.  
			You have many admirable qualities.  But 
			someday maybe you'll learn that being 
			smart and always being on top and doing 
			whatever you need to do to get ahead, 
			and yes, stepping on people to get 
			there, well, there's a lot more to life 
			than that.  And in the end, you're only 
			cheating yourself.


			Why are you lecturing me?


			This isn't the time or the place to get 
			into it, but there is, for just one 
			example, a certain former colleague of 
			mine, who made a very big mistake, a 
			life mistake.  I think the lesson there 
			is that, old and young, we ail make 
			mistakes, and we have to learn that our 
			actions, all of them, can carry serious 
			consequences.  You're very young, Tracy 
			underage, in fact -- but maybe one
			day you'll understand.


			I don't know what you're referring to, 
			but I do know that if certain older and 
			wiser people hadn't acted like such 
			little babies and gotten all mushy, 
			everything would be okay.


			I agree.  But I also think certain 
			young and naive people need to thank 
			their lucky stars and be very, very 
			grateful the whole school didn't find 
			out about certain indiscretions which 
			could have ruined their reputations, and 
			chances to win certain elections.


			And I think certain older persons like 
			you and your "colleague" shouldn't be 
			leaching after their students, 
			especially when some of them can't even 
			get their own wives pregnant.  And they 
			certainly shouldn't be running around 
			making slanderous accusations.  
			Especially when certain young, naive 
			people's mothers are para-legal 
			secretaries at the city's biggest law 
			firm and have won many successful 
			lawsuits. And if you want to keep 
			questioning me like this, I won't 
			continue without my attorney present.

	JIM draws a long breath as he tries to control himself


			Okay, Tracy.  Have it your way.

	There's a KNOCK.  JIM and Tracy turn to see

	TAMMY METZLER timidly poking her head in.


			You wanted to see me, Mr. M.?


			Just wait outside. Tammy.


			Okay.  But is this about the posters?


			Possibly.  Please just wait outside.


			Okay. 
					
			Because I know who did it.  So.. I'll 
			just be outside.

	Tammy manages to squeeze in a naughty little smile before closing the 
	door.



	Tammy sits patiently in a chair, bobbing to an unheard song. The door 
	opens, and Tracy emerges.


			Tracy, don't go away.  Come in, Tammy.

	As Tammy and Tracy cross, Tracy speaks in a low voice but loud enough 
	for JIM
	to hear.


			This ought to be good



	Tammy sits facing Jim, cradling her backpack.


			So... what do you have to tell me?


			Well, this is hard for me, but I think 
			it's important to be honest. Don't you?


					 
			What is it. Tammy?


			I'm the one.  I did it.  I tore down 
			Paul's posters.


			Looks at her skeptically  doesn't say a 
			word.


			I did it.


			And when did you do it?


			This weekend.


			Exactly when?


			I don't know. Yesterday.  Sunday.


			And how did you get in the school?


			Door was open.


			Which door?


			I don't know. All I know is I did it I


			I don't believe you.


			I have proof.

	She burrows in her backpack.



	Tracy stands up from her seat and manages to PEEK THROUGH THE WINDOW 
	of the conference room. She sees --

	pulling out a handful of POSTER SHREDS from her backpack and handing 
	them to Jim.

	Tracy turns away and covers her mouth with one hand.



	THE POSTER FRAGMENTS in Jim's hands. TILT UP to Tammy really hamming 
	it up.


			You don't know what it's like to grow 
			up in the shadow of an older brother 
			like Paul.  it's always Paul, Paul, 
			Paul, Paul.  Never Tammy.  I'm only 
			Paul's little sister.  You must be 

	Paul's little sister.  He's so perfect, 
			and I'm so troubled.  I hate him!  I 
			hate him!  And I tore down his posters, 
			It was a horrible, cowardly act, but I 
			did it,.. I did it... l did it... And 
			I'm not sorry...

	JIM watches her performance until he can't take it anymore he's got 
	other fish to fry.


			Final  I don't know what your problem 
			is, but if that's the way you want it, 
			that's the way it'll be.  I don't have 
			time.  You're out of the election, and 
			I'm turning you over to Dr. Hendricks.

	He throws the door open.


			Tracy?



	Tracy is frightened but still plays the indignant victim.


			Yes?


			Looks like today's your lucky day

	What does he mean?


			What do you mean?


			You're off the hook. Tammy here has 
			confessed.

	It takes Tracy a second to figure out how to react. But once she's got 
	it, she runs with it.


			I told you!  I told you! 
					
			You're going to pay for my banner!


			That's enough, Tracy.  Quit while 
			you're ahead, okay?  I'll handle this. 
					
			Could you ask Walt to come in?



	JIM is feverishly TYPING.


			The rest of the day was unbearable.  I 
			kept smelling Sherry on my clothes and 
			on my fingers and I just couldn't wait 
			to get out of there.

	He yanks the paper out of the carriage and hurries away.



	A PHOTOCOPY COLLATOR in operation.

	JIM pulls sheets out and stacks them.


			I wanted everything to be perfect that 
			afternoon, so I decided to give myself a 
			little time to prepare during eighth 
			period.



	Students are settling into their seats.  JIM breezes in, a sheaf of 
	papers fucked under his arm.


			Pop quiz, everybody

	The class groans.


			No whining.  If you've done your 
			reading, this is an easy one.

	JIM peels off a stack of papers for each row


			I'd have exactly forty-eight minutes to 
			make all the arrangements.

	JIM glances at the clock:  2:08


			If you finish early, just sit quietly 
			and check your work.  I'll be right 
			back.

	POOF -- he's gone I



	TRACK WITH JIM as he SPRINTS toward the parking lot, fumbling for his 
	keys.



	JIM exits with a bouquet of flowers and a plastic bag.



	Jim's car speeds into the driveway and parks



	JIM opens the door, sets his things down, and gets to work.



	JIM dumps a bucketful of ICE and wedges in a bottle of cheap 




	JIM props up his flowers in the ice bucket and puts a small box of 
	Russell Stover's CANDY next to it.  He unwraps the motel's plastic 
	cups and places them just so.  Perfect.

	JIM'S BOOK OF POETRY -- open to that special poem.  He marks it with a 
	carnation.



	Jim's face appears as he kneels down and slides the book into place, 
	ready for that perfect moment.



	Where JIM is NAKED now, squatting in the bathtub, frantically washing 
	his undercarriage. He checks his watch.



	JIM shuts the door and with jaunty confidence slips the key into his 
	pocket.



	Jim's car speeds toward the street.



	JIM gets out of his car and races back toward the school.



	JIM skids around a corner.



	With feigned coolness, he saunters into class just as the BELL RINGS.


			Okay, everybody, pass them forward.  
			Stephanie, put down your pen.

	The class begins to rise.


			I'll see you all on Wednesday. And 
			don't forget to vote tomorrow.

	FROM BEHIND - Jim's back has a large vulva-shaped patch of SWEAT



	JIM hurries back to his car, weaving his way through students



	JIM pulls to a stop in Sherry's driveway.



	JIM checks his watch: 3:24 turns into 3:25

	Bingo



	JIM'S FINGER on the doorbell. DING-DONG.

	JIM waits, rings again. Ho answer. He knocks. No one. He tries the 
	door. Locked. Maybe she's out back. He walks around the house to --



	It's a lovely little backyard. Springtime flowers bloom. Bees buzz 
	among the peonies.

	JIM opens the gate, approaches the back door, and knocks.


			Sherry I

	He rears back and aims his yell toward the second floor.


			Sherry I It's Jim!

	No response. He tries the door. It's locked. JIM cranes his neck for a 
	last look at the house. As he starts to leave, he calls out one final 
	time, not really expecting a response.


			Sherry

	Suddenly A WASP STINGS him above his right EYE


			Oww! Fuck! Jesus fuck!

	Cursing and holding his head, JIM stumbles out the gate



	Through the glass windows, we see Jim's car pull into the lot and 
	park. JIM enters the lobby. His eye is puffy and red.

	A MOTEL EMPLOYEE watches TV behind the counter


			By any chance, has a woman shown up in 
			the last half-hour or so?  Maybe she was 
			looking for me.


			Nobody's come in here looking for 
			anybody.  Just you.


			Are you sure?


					(indicating Jim's 
					eye)
			You okay?



	THE TELEPHONE - as JIM punches in Sherry's number.

	JIM holds the phone against his ear and the champagne bottle against 
	his eye.


			Sherry, it's me.  Are you there? Pick 
			up.  Okay, it's 4:32.  I came by at 3:25 
			like we said and waited, but you weren't 
			there.  Anyway, I hope you're okay -- 
			I'm worried about you. So now I'm just 
			at the...  at the place we talked about.  
			Suite 219.  So I'm here.  Everything's 
			all set.  You can just come over.  Can't 
			wait. Okay.  Bye.



	TIME LAPSE - as the sky darkens, the motel's NEON SIGN turns on.

	JIM now descends the motel stairway carrying his Walgreen's sack.  He 
	puts the key into the drop box and gets in his car.



	Dick Metzier and his wife JO are at the breakfast table Tammy sits 
	across from them, her eyes lowered.


			I don't get it.  What you have against 
			your mother and me, against your brother 
			Paul, is completely beyond me.  And your 
			mother is extremely upset, she's at the 
			end of her rope.  Your behavior gets 
			crazier and crazier and wilder and 
			wilder, and who knows what the hell else 
			you're doing out there that we don't 
			even know about?


			Dad, I


					(jabbing his 
					finger)
			Don't you smartass me!  Don't you dare 
			smartass me!  You just shut your mouth I 
					
			Now your mother and I have had a long talk 
			with Halt Hendricks  --- we just got off 
			the phone with him at home. You know, he 
			doesn't want you back at Millard.  He's 
			fed up with you.  Fed up!  And I don't 
			blame him!


			Dick... Dick,..


			What?


					
			Tammy,  now we've come to a decision.  
			He just think it would be best --


			You're going to Catholic school next 
			year.  You're going to Sacred Heart.  
			Maybe they'll straighten you out!

	ANGLE FROM UNDER THE TABLE - Her head low. Tammy SMILES to herself



	JIM'S car pulls into the driveway.



	JIM enters the back door and sets his satchel down in the usual place.  
	He opens the refrigerator, grabs a beer.  As he closes the door, 
	something catches his eye.  He reaches inside and throws a plastic 
	container away.  Rooting around noisily, he finds other things to 
	dispose of.  Suddenly --

	A BABY CRY stops him cold.

	JIM stiffens, his good eye widening as the horrible truth sinks in.  
	He carefully closes the refrigerator and tiptoes toward the living 
	room.



	Jim's face slowly appears around the corner, bad eye first. Finally, 
	he's able to see --



	together on the living room sofa, staring at him.  Their eyes are red 
	from crying.  Little Darryl squirms in Sherry's lap.

	Caught, JIM emerges from his hiding place.  No one speaks. Finally, he 
	looks down, sucks in air, blows it out again, nods a little.


					 
			Okay

	He turns to leave, and nobody stops him.



	JIM wanders out the front door and stands in his driveway, bewildered 
	and alone.  The camera slowly CRANES UP, eventually looking down on 
	him from a great height.


			As I walked out of my home that 
			evening, unsure if I'd ever return, my 
			entire life in question, I somehow 
			discovered within myself a place of 
			perfect peace.   Oddly, in my solitude I 
			felt more than ever a sense of communion 
			with every human being - past, present 
			and future.  Because no matter what we 
			tell ourselves, no matter what illusions 
			of friendship and family we create, each 
			of us is always and forever profoundly 
			alone.



	FROM OVERHEAD - Tracy slides out of her bed and kneels beside it


			Dear Lord Jesus, I do not often speak 
			with You and ask for things, but now I 
			really must insist that You help me win 
			the election tomorrow, because I deserve 
			it and Paul Metzier doesn't, as You well 
			know.  l realize that it was Your divine 
			hand that disqualified Tammy, and now 
			I'm asking that You go that one last 
			mile and make sure to put me in office 
			where I belong, so that I may carry out 
			Your will on Earth as it is in Heaven.  
			If elected I promise that I will pray 
			more often.  Okay?  Amen.





	Tammy wears a white t-shirt and underwear and kneels at her bedside.


			Dear God, I know I don't believe in 
			you, but since I'll be starting Catholic 
			school soon, I thought I should 
			practice.  Let's see... what do I want?  
			I want people to be nicer to each other.  
			I want Lisa to realize what a bitch she 
			has been and feel really bad and 
			apologize for how she hurt me and know 
			how much I still love her.  In spite of 
			everything, I still want Paul to win the 
			election tomorrow, not that cunt Tracy.  
			I also want a really expensive pair of 
			leather pants... and someday I want to 
			be really good friends with Madonna.  
			Love, Tammy



	FROM OVERHEAD -- Paul lies in bed looking at the heavens beyond his 
	ceiling,


			Dear God, thank You for all Your 
			blessings.  You have given me so many 
			things, like good health, nice parents, 
			a nice truck, and what I've been told is 
			a large penis, and I'm very grateful.  
			But I sure am worried about Tammy.  In 
			my heart I still can't believe she tore 
			down my posters, but sometimes she does 
			get so weird and angry.  Please help her 
			be a happier person, because she's so 
			smart and sensitive, and I love her.  
			Also, I'm nervous about the election 
			tomorrow, and I guess I want to win and 
			all, but I know that's totally up to 
			You.  You'll decide who the best person 
			is, and I'll accept it.  And forgive my 
			sins, whatever they may be.  Amen.





	JIM sits parked outside of Sherry's house, a SLURPEE held against his 
	now grotesquely swollen eye.  He is so tired and pain-ridden that he 
	practically gasps for breath.


			Sherry never came home that night.  I 
			know, because I spent the entire night 
			in her driveway.



	Tracy and her mom are hard at work frosting cupcakes.


			Mom and I got up at five AM, and 
			together we custom-iced three hundred 
			and fifty cupcakes.

	CLOSE ON A CUPCAKE - as "PICK FLICK" is written on it with a yellow 
	icing tube.

	MRS. Flick cheerfully performs her task. She hums.



	I remember she was so happy, like there was nothing in the world she'd 
	rather be doing.  Besides me and her job, I guess my mom doesn't have 
	much of a life.  She hasn't dated anyone since Frank, and she hardly 
	ever buys new clothes for herself or travels.


			Mom?


			Hmmm?


			I think I'm going to lose today


			What are you talking about? This time 
			tomorrow, you'll be president


			You really think so?

	Mrs. Flick puts an arm around her daughter


			Tracy Flick's a winner.



	Jim's car has not moved from its spot on the driveway. Its windows are 
	now fogged. A LOUD GARBAGE TRUCK rumbles by.



	Reclined in his car seat, mouth open as he sleeps, JIM is awakened by 
	the truck. His breath steams. His eye has turned bluish. He tries to 
	wipe the condensation from the windshield, but it's on the outside.



	JIM opens the door and looks around -- no sign of Sherry's car. He 
	stiffly walks to the side of the garage and unzips his pants to pee.

	Now cradling his head on the roof of his car, JIM gathers what little 
	strength he has, gets in, and tries to start the cold engine.


			I had no choice but to go home. I 
			needed to shower, get fresh clothes, 
			explain what I could to Diane.  But what 
			was I going to say?  That our marriage 
			had become a charade?  That making love 
			with Sherry had given me a vision of a 
			better life?

	THE TAILPIPE finally coughs out a cloud of exhaust



	JIM drives, bleary-eyed.  He creeps along his tree-lined middle-class 
	block.


			Then again, maybe I could slip in and 
			out without waking her up.

	JIM slows to a stop, looks with dread at his home



	On the front porch sits A GYM BAG.  JIM approaches, stares numbly at 
	the bag.  Drawing a long breath, he bends over and picks it up.  
	Attached is a NOTE reading:   "Don't come in."



	At the foot of the main walk to the school, Tracy and her mother are 
	setting up a CARD TABLE covered with little pink cakes.

	Jim's Ford Escort chugs its way through the fog and comes to a stop.  
	Looking like a war refugee, JIM emerges from his car carrying the gym 
	bag and heads toward school.


					
			Good morning, Mr. M.

	JIM stops, turns slowly, regards mother and daughter with a crazed, 
	one-eyed, uncomprehending stare.


					
			Looks like you could use a cupcake!

	JIM takes it wordlessly.  AS he heads up the walkway, he eats it in 
	two huge bites, like a feral animal.


					
			What's wrong with your eye?  Are you 




	IN THE SHOWERS JIM scrubs himself as if to wash his whole life away.


			Cupcakes.  Jesus Christ.  Cupcakes? My 
			life was crumbling, and I was expected 
			to care about these ungrateful kids and 
			their pathetic little dreams.  As if my 
			only purpose in life were to serve them.


					
			Mr. McAllister.  Mr. McAllister. 
			Somebody tore down my posters. It's not 
			fair.  It's not fair. Can I have an A?  
			Can I have a recommendation?  Can I?  
			Can I?

	AT THE MIRROR JIM adjusts his tie, tries to smooth his wrinkled shirt.


			Well, fuck them.  Didn't I have my own 
			life?  Didn't I have my own dreams?

	He coughs up phlegm and spits it into the sink


			Cupcakes



	JIM exits the BOYS' LOCKER ROOM door and bumps into Mr. Beckman.


			Hey, Jim. Big day today


					(putting on a 
					smile)
			Oh, yeah. Big day.



	MISS BEEDER of the school office is at the P.A. MICROPHONE. Walt is 
	behind her.  She looks over her shoulder, and Walt gives her the go-
	ahead.


			Attention, everyone.  We have an 
			important announcement from our 
			principal. Dr. Hendricks.

	Walt gives Miss Beeder a courtesy smile and takes the mike


			Good morning, students.  It, uh, 
			behooves me to inform you of an 
			important change in today's elections.  
			Effective this morning...



	BALLOT AFTER BALLOT -- as a black magic marker crosses out Tammy's 
	name.

	JIM sits at his desk and carries out his absurd task.  He stops and 
	stares.  His thoughts wander far, far away.


			. .. sophomore Tammy Metzier has 
			been... Metzier has been determined 
			ineligible - I repeat: ineligible -- for 
			SGA president.  You may not vote for 
			Tammy Metzier.  All other candidates are 
			eligible.  Now please pay attention to a 
			very important, uh, audio-visual 
			presentation.
					(irritated, 
					thinking he's off)
			Linda, who typed this thing?  I said I 
			need all caps....



	CLOSE ON A TV-- mounted in the corner.  An educational video is just 
	beginning.  Host CLARK NAYLOR sits on the edge of a desk in a generic 
	office set.

	During the video, we cut to CLASSROOMS, where from the TV's point of 
	view, we see the students watching:  English class shop class, gym 
	class, biology class.


			Hello, students,  I'm Clark Naylor of 
			Joslyn's Educational Resources.  It's 
			election day, and how you vote will make 
			a big difference in the activities, 
			events, and perhaps even the policies of 
			your school.  Over the past few days or 
			weeks, you've heard candidates for the 
			various offices make their speeches and 
			tell you where they stand.  You've 
			probably seen their posters.  Maybe 
			you've even had a chance to speak with 
			them personally.



	Now replace the wider shots of classrooms.  Photographed as though 
	from a Soviet propaganda film, some students look up nobly and 
	attentively, while others watch with dead eyes and open mouth, and 
	still others goof off.


			Well, today marks the end of 
			campaigning, and now the spotlight turns 
			to you. Voting is your privilege and 
			your responsibility. Remember, no one 
			needs to know for whom you've voted.  
			That's between you. . . and you.

	An AFRICAN-AMERICAN TEENAGER walks up to Clark.


			Now I'd like to introduce you to Tony. 
			Tony's going to show you how to cast 
			your vote.  Are you ready, Tony?


			I think s0


			Good.  Let's get started



	JIM slinks down the hall and ducks into a PHONE BOOTH. He fishes 
	change out of his pocket and dials.   We hear the echo of the video 
	emanating from all the classrooms.


			Hi.  You've reached the Novotnys. We're 
			not around, but we'll call you back real 
			soon.  Have a nice day.


			Are you there?  Sherry, are you there?  
			It's Jim. 
					
			Why did you do that?  I trusted you. 
			Completely.  You've ruined my life. Do 
			you know that?  Do you realize that?  
			Huh?  Do you?  You've ruined Diane's 
			life.  You ruined my life.  is that what 
			you wanted? 
					
			I'm sorry.  It's just... I'm going nuts 
			here.  Okay, all right, so... Really, 
			I'm sorry.  I just think we should talk, 
			okay?  I love you.



	JIM crosses out more ballots, this time with perverse intensity.


			If only my own life could be corrected 
			so easily, with nice fat black lines 
			drawn neatly through my sins.



	as it is blackened.  We WIPE with the motion of the magic marker to:





	The curtain of the dressing room is drawn back, and there's Tammy. She 
	beams and walks toward --



	where she takes herself in, dressed in her new Catholic schoolgirl 


	The SALESLADY converses nearby with Jo Metzier.


			And Sacred Heart is such a good school. 
			Excellent school. The public schools are 
			going downhill, as far as I'm concerned.


			Well, we've had good luck at Millard, 
			but for this one it's time for a change.

	Tammy spins and admires the flip of the skirt.


			So what do you think?  Sacred Heart has 
			the prettiest.  They have that nice hint 
			of purple.


					 
			I hate it.


			You're just going to have to get used 
			to it.


			Please, morn.  Please don't make me go 
			to Sacred Heart.  I beg you.


					
			We'll take two.



	Makeshift POLLING BOOTHS are set up just outside the cafeteria. Behind 
	two tables sit TWO TEACHERS who cross out voters' names on big master 
	computer lists. Tracy stands in line, not-so-patiently waiting her 
	turn.


			When the time came to cast our votes, I 
			stood in line just like everyone else.

	She finally reaches the front of the line.


			Hi, Tracy


			Tracy Enid Flick.


			I know.

	Tracy goes into a VOTING BOOTH and quickly hands her ballot. sophomore 
	PHIL CHOY stands nearby with his CAMERA.


			Phil you ready?


			Ready.

	Tracy exits the booth and heads toward the BALLOT BOX.  She inserts 
	her ballot halfway and freezes, smiling.  Phil snaps a picture, but -


			Just a second.  My flash.

	Tracy remains perfectly still while Phil fiddles with his camera.  A 
	STUDENT stands behind her, waiting to put his ballot in the box.


			Come on, Tracy.


					 
			Just wait.

	FLASH!  Phil gets his shot and Tracy drops her ballot in.


			Thanks, Phil.

	On her way out Tracy passes Paul at the end of the line.  He gives her 
	an enthusiastic THUMBS UP.


			Way to go, Tracy!  Isn't this exciting?


					 
			Yeah.


			Hell, good luck!


					
			Good luck to you too, Paul.


			Thanks!

	INT. VOTING BOOTH Paul scans his ballot, struggles with his decision.


			It's so weird.  DO people always just 
			vote for themselves?  'Cause looking at 
			my own name on the ballot, I just... I 
			don't know, I just felt like it's not 
			right to vote for yourself.

	THE BALLOT - as Paul's pen puts an "X" next to the name "Tracy Flick



	THE BALLOT BOX is being carried through the halls and up some stairs 
	by Larry Fouch and three other STUDENT COUNCIL MEMBERS. The music 
	suggests the weighty importance of its contents and the sacred mission 
	of its bearers.



	JIM is hunkered over his desk.  He's a wreck: dark, dark circles under 
	his eyes;  his hair didn't dry right -- frizzy here, matted there.  
	And he's near tears.

	Larry Fouch and his retinue enter cheerfully


			Okay, Mr. M.

	Larry drops the ballot box on Jim's desk


			What?  Right.  So let's start counting.


			Well, I thought that... well, the way 
			it always works is that SGA president 
			does a count, then the SGA advisor, you 
			know, for the two independent counts.


			Fine.  So do your count.  Start with 
			president, and I'll be right back.


			You have the key, Mr. McAllister.

	JIM doesn't understand at first, then


			Right.  I know.

	JIM proceeds to sort through his cluttered desk drawers but can't seem 
	to find the key.  The council members exchange concerned looks as 
	Jim's search becomes frenzied.


			Are you okay, Mr. M.?


			What happened to your eye?


			I'm fine.  It's just a bee sting, a 
			simple little everyday bee sting. Some 
			people, they get stung, it's no big 
			deal.  Me, I swell up.  Okay?

	JIM emerges from the drawer wielding a VISE GRIP.  He goes to the box 
	and TEARS the entire hardware assembly off.  Holding the mangled lock, 
	he turns to the students, who look back STUNNED.


			I just want to get this over with, so 
			we can have the assembly and go home.  
			We don't have much time until eighth 
			period.  I have other things going on, 
			too, you know.


			Okay.  Yeah.  We know


			All right.  I'll be back



	JIM slinks up to a PAY PHONE, inserts a coin, dials


					
			Hi.  You've reached the Novotnys. We're 
			not around, but we'll call you back real 
			soon.  Have a nice day.

	JIM it's me again.  I'm sorry for all the calls.  But Sherry, if I 
	could just hear your voice, if you'd only acknowledge that I...


					 
			What do you want, Jim?


			You're there.


			Yeah.  I'm here.


			Sherry... I love you.


					
			Don't say that.  You know it's not 
			true.


			It's the only true thing I know 
			anymore.


			We made a mistake.  Let's not make it 
			worse.


			A mistake?  That was no mistake.


			I was lonely.  You took advantage


			Me?  I took advantage of you?  You 
			hugged me!  You kissed me!  You're the 
			one who --





	It's PASSING PERIOD, and the halls are jammed with students at their 
	lockers and walking to class.

	JIM is walking quickly back to his classroom. He passes Paul.


			Hey, Mr. M. Big day, huh?

	Jim doesn't even hear.



	Larry is  just finishing his count. The ballots are on a desk in front 
	of  him, neatly organized into three piles. JIM enters.


					
			What d'you got?


			I'm not supposed to tell. Not until 
			you've counted too. We're each supposed 
			to make an independent count.


			You're kidding, right?


			I thought those were the rules, Mr. 
			McAllister. If they've changed in any 
			way --


			Larry, we're not electing the fucking 
			Pope here. Just tell me who won.

	Jim's use of profanity scares Larry, and he responds reluctantly


			It's a squeaker, Mr. M. I've got Tracy 
			by a vote. Just one vote.

	Jim, who hasn't cared about any of this today, suddenly takes note. He 
	stares blankly at Larry as the news sinks in.


			Mr. M.?


			Huh.  Okay.  Well, I guess I'd better 
			do my count.

	Jim-scoops up the three piles of ballots and takes them to his desk.





	a junior honors student. He is thinking. The wheels are turning, 
	grinding. Finally --


			Sputnik.

	MR. FLAGG is lecturing, really trying to make history come alive.  
	Tracy takes notes, but she is noticeably distracted.


			Right.  And what year was that?





			Almost.  1957.  So the point here is 
			when we found out about Sputnik, we got 
			really scared.  It seemed like no matter 
			what we had and kept secret, they could 
			develop it too.  A-bombs, h-bombs, 
			rocket ships.  And this time we were 
			behind them.  So -- February 1961, 
			Kennedy tells Congress and the American 
			people he wants to go to the moon.  May 
			1961, the Apollo program is announced...

	Tracy just can't take it anymore.  She abruptly stands up, takes the 
	GIANT HALL PASS off the lip of the blackboard, and starts to leave.  
	Mr. Flagg gives her a small nod.



	Tracy nears a room, a special room.  She slows down and peeks in the 
	window of the door.  She sees --

	LARRY FOUCH  sitting at the back of the classroom, staring front.  
	Tracy presses her face to see what Larry is staring at --

	JIM at his desk counting ballots

	LARRY catches sight of Tracy in the window.

	TRACY crosses her fingers by her ears and gives a questioning look

	LARRY sneaks a guilty look at Jim, absorbed in his counting.  Then, 
	against his better judgment flashes Tracy a quick, furtive double 


	TRACY suddenly disappears from the window.

	IN THE EMPTY HALLWAY - Tracy pogos with unbridled joy


			You know that moment when they announce 
			the winner of a beauty pageant?  When 
			Miss Texas or whoever suddenly realizes 
			she's Miss America, and all she can do 
			is scream and weep and hug the losers?  
			I had my moment in the hallway that 
			Tuesday afternoon with no one to hug but 
			myself.

	She pulls herself together enough to peek through the window of the 
	OTHER DOOR to Jim's classroom, the window behind which JIM
	is still busily doing his count.



	JIM counts out the last of the ballots, mouthing the numbers to 
	himself.


			I was at the end of my count when it 
			happened.  I'd come up with exactly the 
			same numbers as Larry:  Tracy had won 
			the election by a single vote, 256 to 
			257.  I was about to announce my tally 
			when...  

	JIM looks up and sees

	TRACY in the window, her face exploding with joy.  She FREEZES.

	We move closer to Jim in SLOW-MOTION.  What actually occurs in a 
	split-second is suspended in time


			The sight of Tracy at that moment 
			affected me in a way I can't fully 
			explain.  Part of it was that she was 
			spying, but mostly it was her face. 
			Looking at her, you might think she was 
			a sweet, innocent teenage girl. But she 
			wasn't sweet.  And she wasn't innocent. 
			She was selfish and cynical and 
			ambitious and thought nothing of 
			destroying the lives of others to get to 
			the top. who knew how high she would 
			climb in life, how many people would 
			suffer because of her? I had to stop her 
			now.

	Tracy UNFREEZES and darts out of sight. JIM glances at Larry. Larry is 
	writing in a notebook.



	creeps up from his lap and onto the pile of TRACY VOTES.  His fingers 
	nimbly count two ballots and pull them off the desk.

	JIM coughs as beneath his desk he CRUMPLES THE BALLOTS into a ball and 
	drops them into the wastepaper basket.


			Larry?


					 
			Yeah?


			I think we've got a problem.



	Walt is just finishing counting the ballots on his desk. Larry and JIM
	stand over him.


			253... 254... 255. I get the same as 
			you Jim. Looks like Paul's our 
			president.


			No way I It doesn't make sense.


			Sorry. My figures work out exactly the 
			same as Jim's. 256 for Paul, 255 for 
			Tracy.


			And 290 "disregards," right?


			If you say so.


			Mostly Tammy fans


			See, it doesn't add up. There are only 
			801 ballots but 803 people voted. Two 
			votes are missing. Check the register.


			He's right. Two people must have 
			pocketed their ballots. Usually it's 
			more.


			But, they were there I counted 803 
			votes.


			It happens, Larry. People make 
			mistakes.


			I didn't make a mistake. Every vote was 
			there when you sac down  


			Whoa! Easy, Fouch. I don't like where 
			you're going.


			I'm telling you. Dr. Hendricks, every 
			vote was accounted for.


					
			Larry? We've got twenty-five minutes 
			until the assembly, and we still have to 
			do counts for VP, Treasurer and 
			Secretary. Mr. Hendricks and I have both 
			verified the numbers, and unless you can 
			come up with the ballots you claim are 
			missing -


			But, Mr. M. -


			Fouch, that's enough! End of story.



	AN ASSEMBLY - The students are taking their seats on the bleachers.



	are all the candidates:  three for secretary, two for treasurer, one 
	for vice-president, two for president.

	PAUL AND TRACY sit side-by-side.  Paul seems a little overwhelmed by 
	the whole thing.  Tracy leans over and offers her hand.


			Paul, I just want you to know that no 
			matter how this turns out, you've run a 
			wonderful campaign. It's been fun 
			competing with you.


			Yeah, you too, Tracy.  I'm just glad 
			it's over.


			Yeah. 




			You know, I don't understand why 
			everybody bad-mouthed Tracy all the 
			time.  She was always super- nice to me.

	JIM approaches the microphone


			If we could get started.  People! Once 
			the winners are announced, we can all go 
			home, okay?

	The students quiet down


			Some contests are so well fought that 
			is seems unfair for someone to win and 
			someone to lose.  I think that's the 
			case with all the candidates you see 
			before you today.  All of them are 
			highly qualified and embody the, uh, the 
			integrity we expect from our school 
			leadership.

	OS TRACY - Jim's voice momentarily recedes.


			Act surprised. Walk slowly to the 
			podium.  Be modest.  Thank them for this 
			incredible honor.


			That said, the whole point of an 
			election is to choose winners, and that 
			you have done.  We'll begin with 
			president.

	JIM pulls a folded paper from his back pocket


			Let me add that this was an 
			extraordinarily close race. It's my 
			pleasure to announce the next president 
			of Millard High School.

	Tracy just can't wait.  Smiling, she STANDS UP.


			Paul Metzier!

	The crowd breaks into applause -- and laughter

	ON TRACY - AS she sits, her smile belies her horror and humiliation

	Paul begins his acceptance speech.  We cut alternately to a thrilled 
	Lisa; a stunned Tracy, tears forming at the corners of her eyes; and 
	to JIM, who watches the events with shifty eyes, his mouth dry and 
	tasting of metal.


			Geez, you guys, thanks a lot.  I mean, 
			wow, thanks.  I promise to do my best 
			and really do a good job and be a good 
			president.  And I want to thank Lisa 
			Flanagan for being a super campaign 
			manager. And I just want to say that I 
			think Tracy would have made a great 
			president too and that she really 
			deserves a big hand.

	The auditorium erupts into applause and whistles, and JIM takes the 
	microphone again.


			And now, for vice-president.



	In the growing darkness, the restaurant radiates its distinctive 
	orange glow. The parking lot is nearly empty.



	JIM sits alone at a booth by the window, finishing    a slice of berry 
	pie. He gets the attention of a WAITRESS and holds up his coffee cup.


			Could I get a...?

	As JIM gets his warm-up, in walk the Metziers: Paul,  Dick and Jo. JIM 
	notices them as they wait to be seated. He    wishes he were 
	invisible.

	As a PERKY HOSTESS leads the family to a table, Paul  spots Jim. Here 
	it comes.


			Wow! Mr. McAllister! This is so wild. 
			We came to celebrate my victory, and I 
			can't believe it. Here, these are my 
			parents.

	JIM stands up awkwardly.


					(extending his 
					hand) 
			Hi. Dick Metzier. My wife --


			This is great.


					(extending his 
					hand)
			JIM McAllister.


					(extending her 
					hand)
			JO Metzier. You know, Paul just thinks 
			the world of you. Oh, if you could just 
			hear him...


			Yeah, say, apparently you've really 
			come behind him, really helped him out 
			there with the student council thing and 
			all.


			I never would have ran if it wasn't for 
			Mr. M.


			Paul doesn't need any of my help. He's 
			going places.  You should be very proud.


			We are


			Having a problem with your eye there?


			Dick.


			Just a bee sting.


			You ought to get that looked at. Shot 
			of cortisone or something.


			Thanks, I'll be fine.


			Anyway, we're awful sorry about what 
			went on with our other one, you know, 
			our Tammy.


			We were mortified...


			Oh, she's not a bad girl.  She'll come 
			around.


			... but we've had some good talks, and 
			I think we're sorting things out.  We're 
			starting her at Sacred Heart in the 
			fall.


			Good school.


			Say, you're all alone,  why don't you 
			join us?


			Yeah!


			Oh, no.  No.  I'm just finishing up 
			here, and I've got to get home.


					
			Why don't you guys go sit down, okay?  
			I'll catch up in a minute? I want to 
			talk to Mr. M. about some important 
			stuff.


			All right.  Well, sure nice to meet 
			you.


			So nice


			You bet.

	The Metziers go, and- Paul slides in across from Jim.


			So, Mr. M,  I was starting to think 
			about ideas for next year. I was 
			thinking it would be cool to have, like 
			a carnival.  With rides.  And, you know, 
			it could be for, like. Muscular 
			Dystrophy.

	JIM tries to smile and seem attentive, but we sense his profound 
	fatigue and his profound sadness.


			And on Halloween we could have a 
			haunted house.  But a really good 
			haunted house, not like those cheesy bad 
			ones.  You know, more like the radio 
			station ones.  This one would be really 
			scary.  And for Homecoming -- well, you 
			know how last year's theme was -


			Paul... Paul.... We'll have plenty of 
			time to get into all this later.  A 
			whole year, in fact. Right now I just 
			need to finish my pie and get home.


			Oh, okay.  Yeah, sorry.

	The wind out of his sails, Paul gets up and is about to go when


			Just one more thing.  So, Mr. M., uh, 
			do you think Tracy's going to be okay?  
			I saw her face after the assembly, and I 
			think she's taking it pretty hard.


			Don't worry about Tracy.  She'll be 
			fine.





	her face drained and pallid, her eyes red and bleary: she is exhausted 
	from crying.


			One vote... one vote

	She falls again headlong again into the throes of despair. Her mouth 
	contorts into a rictus of agony, and there issues an almost feral cry 
	of pain. Her anguish grows convulsive.

	Barbara Flick comes in and sits on the bed. She's carrying a 
	PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE and a glass of milk.


			Why don't you take a couple of my 
			pills, darling? You'll feel better.

	Tracy takes the pills and sips the milk weakly. Her mother kisses her.


			Don ' t worry. .. don ' t worry. . . 
			sshhhhh... that's it, baby... that's it, 
			darling. Everything's going to be fine.

	She lays Tracy on the bed, and Tracy begins to quiet. Barbara kisses 
	her again and rises to leave. At  the door she pauses to add a few 
	final words of comfort.


			Maybe you needed more posters, honey. 
			Or if you'd taken my suggestions about 
			your speech. I don't know. We'll figure 
			it out.



	JIM stands at his own back door, beaten and ashamed.  He lifts a hand 
	and knocks.  After a moment the door opens, and there is Diane.


			Diane, I...

	Diane looks at JIM in silence.  Her face reveals nothing, but there is 
	a deadness in her eyes.  After a moment, she turns back inside, 
	leaving the door open.

	JIM follows his wife inside, closes the door.  The camera moves to 
	peek in the kitchen window, from where we watch JIM and Diane but 
	cannot make out anything they say.


			I don't know how Diane and I made it 
			through that night, but we did.  Our 
			marriage had gone right to the brink, 
			but in the end I guess it was saved by 
			one simple fact: we truly loved each 
			other.  So we made a commitment to begin 
			the painful process of piecing our lives 
			back together.  The worst was over; the 
			mistakes of the past were behind us.



	A WASTE BASKET peeks out from under Jim's desk.

	We hear a distinctive rhythmic squeak, and a shadowy head appears in 
	the window.  Keys jingle.  The door opens, and Lowell turns on the 
	lights.  He approaches the waste basket and slides it out.



	FROM OVERHEAD - JIM circles the track.

	ON THE GROUND -- JIM does pushups. Then sit-ups.


			The next day held the promise of a new 
			beginning. After all, what harm had 
			really been done? No one was dead.



	Now all clean and refreshed and whistling a merry tune, JIM pops in to 
	check his box, giving a wave to Miss Seeder.


			Hi, Linda.

	JIM continues to whistle as he looks through his mail.


			Life would go on, and I would certainly 
			be a stronger and wiser person from the 
			experience.


			Uh, Jim?


			Hmm?


			Walt needs to see you.


			Oh.  Okay.

	Still absorbed in his papers, JIM heads over to Walt's door.




			You rang?

	JIM stops cold. Walt is not alone. Barbara Flick and a bleary-eyed 
	Tracy are there. So are Larry Fouch, Ron Bell, and Lowell the janitor. 
	Prominently displayed on Walt's desk are TWO CRINKLED BALLOTS. JIM 
	takes an eternal few seconds to absorb what is happening.


			Mr. McAllister, I hope you can help us 
			clear something up.


			Look at his face!  He knows he's been 
			caught. Look at his face!
					
			Your ass is grass, Mister!


			You said I was a liar   You're the 
			liar, you're the --


			Larry, you just take it easy

	All turn and stare at Jim. Come to think of it, he does look awfully 
	guilty.



	MS. HOY leads the class in recitation. Paul responds along with his 
	companeros.


			Yo --


			pierdo.


			Tu


			pierdes.


			El/ella -


			pierde.

	A STUDENT AIDE enters the classroom and hands a note to the teacher, 
	who upon reading the note looks up at Paul


			Senor presidente?

	The class laughs fondly.  Paul looks around, beaming with 
	embarrassment and pride.


			Quieren verte en la oficina.


			Huh?



	Paul walks down the hall, a bounce in his step on this fine spring 
	morning.


			Senor presidente. Yo soy senor 
			presidente... El grande presidente...


			I don't know why, but finding out there 
			was a mistake and I hadn't won the 
			election after all didn't bother me that 
			much. Winning had seemed kind of unreal 
			anyway. I guess I should have voted for 
			myself. Oh, well.

	Paul reaches the --

	INT. SCHOOL OFFICE	CONTINUOUS and enters Walt's office. Everyone 
	is there


					
			Take a seat, son. We've got something 
			hard to tell you.


			Is Tammy okay?


			She's okay. It's about the election.

	Walt closes the door in our faces. We hold on the door.


			After Paul got the bad news, Walt asked 
			for a few minutes alone with me. It was 
			very simple, really. I offered my 
			resignation, and he accepted. Very 
			quietly, it was all over for JIM 
			McAllister at Millard High - twelve 
			years of hard work down the drain.

	The door opens revealing that only wait and JIM remain. The office 
	staff is hushed as JIM the Zombie Cyclops emerges into the office and 
	walks somberly toward Miss Boeder. His voice quavers at half-volume.


			Walt will be speaking with you about 
			this, but I need you to find someone to 
			take over my classes. The lesson plans 
			for the rest of the year are in my top 
			right drawer.


			Okay, Jim. I understand.


			Thanks. Well. I'm going home now.



	As JIM moves toward the parking lot, the school recedes in an odd REAR 
	PROJECTION that suggests he is floating. The MUSIC here reinforces the 
	gravity of the moment, the inevitability of his fate.

	JIM stops walking, and a disembodied STEEPING WHEEL floats into his 
	hands. The scene behind changes to:



	The city passing by outside is another strange REAR PROJECTION. JIM 
	grips the floating steering wheel and makes turns wildly out-of-sync 
	with the background.


			I don't remember driving home, or much 
			of anything that happened in the next 
			few days.

	JIM lets go of the steering wheel, and it drifts away. JIM turns his 
	back to camera to face -



	JIM drifts toward his house, and it absorbs him through the front 
	door.



	We're no longer in rear-projection land: reality has caught up with 
	Jim. As he walks across the room, he strips off his shirt, shoes, 
	socks, and finally pants. Left only in his underwear, he walks through 
	the house and out into the -

	EXT. MCALLISTER BACKYARD	DAY and flops down in the grass, facing 
	the sky.


			There were news stories in the paper 
			and on television, former students 
			calling with their support, endless 
			hours of doing nothing, thinking 
			nothing.

	A shadow falls over Jim's face, and a hand offers him a glass of iced 
	tea. Grateful, JIM takes it, and looks up at -

	DIANE, her head blocking the sun.


			Diane stood by me through the entire 
			humiliating ordeal, in a way, it sort of 
			evened things out between us.

	Diane leaves. JIM looks up at the sky.


			Soon school was over, and summer 
			stretched out in front of me as it 
			always had. Funny how the rhythm of the 
			school year remains ingrained in you for 
			life. in mid-June we found out Diane was 
			pregnant.



	UNDER BLACK we hear the opening bars of a bouncy TIJUANA BRASS SONG.





	twisting to the music at a PARTY, a giant grin on his  face, a big 
	sombrero with tassels on his head. Behind him  we can see an enormous 
	illuminated GRAVEL CONVEYOR. SUPER-IMPOSED:  "ONE YEAR LATER."


			Senior year was great I Sure, I didn't 
			get to play ball or be president, but I 
			got elected homecoming king and prom 
			king anyway. I got into Nebraska like I 
			wanted and early-rushed Phi Delts. At 
			the end of the year me and my buddies 
			threw a hitching Mexican party down at 
			the cement plant. Shit, that was a good 
			party. That was a good party!



	Paul is at a KEG, pumping it up and serving himself  a beer. He takes 
	a sip, seems to grow pensive.


			The only really bad thing about senior 
			year was Lisa. Right before Christmas 
			she dumped me. One minute she's totally 
			in love with me and then boom she's 
			going out with my football buddy Randy.

	Paul looks over at

	LISA dancing suggestively with RANDY

	Paul looks sad, takes another gulp, waves at unseen  friends.


			Sometimes I wonder what would've 
			happened if I'd actually won the 
			election.  Maybe my whole life would be 
			different.  Like I might never have gone 
			to Yosemite with Greg and Travis.

	Paul takes a BIG GULP and looks into camera.


			Or maybe I'd be dead.



	UNDER BLACK we hear a distinctive AIRY HISS.



	Tammy takes a big toke off a JOINT.


			Catholic school was great!

	Tammy and JENNIFER, a Sacred Heart schoolmate, are jammed into a 
	bathroom stall.


			I mean, the teachers kind of sucked, 
			and they were supposedly way more 
			strict, but you could get away with 
			murder.

	Tammy hands off the doob to Jennifer, who takes a huge hit.


			The best thing about Sacred Heart was 
			meeting Jennifer.

	Jennifer looks at Tammy.  Tammy looks at Jennifer



	accompanied by the early '70's song, "Jennifer." SUPER-8 style 
	glimpses of Tammy and Jennifer in the Sacred Heart hallways, Jennifer 
	in the park, Jennifer dancing in Tammy's room, and finally, Jennifer 



			All those feelings I had for Lisa were 
			just preparing me for the real thing.  
			Jennifer and I are soul mates, and we're 
			never, ever, ever going to be apart.





	we hear the MURMUR of a small crowd, interrupted by the BANG, BANG, 
	BANG of a GAVEL.


			Senior year was very productive for me 
			and full of personal achievement.



	Tracy officiates a MEETING.  Next to her at the head table is Jerry 
	Raynor and other council members.


			Order.  Order.  Order I  Can we vote on 
			this?  Those in favor.


			On top of a very successful student 
			council year, I got into Cornell like I 
			wanted, with scholarships, and I was in 
			the top 7th percentile of my graduating 
			class.

	TRACY Approved



	Tracy walks along the edge of a pond on this overcast day, Her arms 
	are crossed, and she wears an oversized woolen sweater.  Wind blows 
	softly through her hair.


			But sometimes I got lonely, and I'd 
			think about Dave.  I missed our talks.  
			Maybe it could have worked out between 
			us.  I don't know.



	Wearing the red vest and "Ask me" button of a Real Valu foot soldier, 
	Dave stands above a case of SPRAY PAINT. He is stamping prices on 
	every cap.


			I wonder what he's doing now. Maybe he 
			finally finished his novel



	It's ANNUAL distribution time, and crowd of excited students are lined 
	up to get their precious book of memories. Many have already received 
	theirs and are crowded around dining tables, gleefully exchanging bans 
	mots.

	Tracy takes her annual and quickly opens it to the INDEX.

	CLOSE ON TRACT'S NAME - followed by a whopping list of page references


			When the yearbooks came out, I was on 
			almost every page.



	Tracy walks outside hugging her yearbook and sees

	PAUL AT HIS TRUCK, surrounded by supplicants.

	Tracy stops for a moment and watches.  She gathers her courage and 
	heads toward him.  Paul doesn't even notice her, so occupied is he 
	with his friends and admirers.


			Paul, will you sign my yearbook?


			Sure, Tracy.

	Paul takes the book, efficiently finds the page with his picture, and 
	goes to work.


			Can I sign yours too?


			Oh, yeah, sure. 
					
			Hey Nolan, give my book to Tracy when 
			you're done*

	Nolan finishes and hands the book over.  Tracy turns to the front 
	pages and finds them completely filled, as are the end pages.  Now she 
	looks for her picture.  When she finds it, it's almost completely 
	obscured by part of some ASSWIPE 'S long, illegible, exclamation 
	point-filled message.  Finally, she locates an available space and 
	begins to write.


			I thought very carefully about what to 
			write.  Because despite everything that 
			had happened with the election, I really 
			wished him well.  I even signed it...

	CLOSE ON - Tracy writing: "Love, Tracy" beneath her inscription

	Tracy takes Paul's book back to him.  He's already working on another 
	annual and barely looks up when he swaps with her.


			Thanks, Tracy.

	Tracy starts to walk away and Paul stops her


			Hey, Tracy I..

	She turns around expectantly


			Yes, Paul?


			Have a great summer.  And good luck at 
			college.


					
			Thanks.  You too.  It was great working 
			with you.

	Tracy opens the book as she walks and stops when she finds

	AN ALMOST BLANK PAGE with Paul's puny inscription at the bottom:

	Have a great Summer!  Good luck at college   Paul Metzier'



	Tracy looks at herself in a mirror, as though dispassionately 
	assessing her own face.  Then she begins to put on lipstick.


			After graduation, I don't know.  ; 
			somehow felt empty inside.  I guess high 
			school just seemed so meaningless now 
			and I couldn't wait to get out of Omaha.  
			Next year I was going to make all new 
			friends.  Smarter, more ambitious 
			friends.  It was time to move on. There 
			was nothing left for roe here.  I just 
			had one more thing to take care of.



	UNDER BLACK comes the sound of a BUSY COMMERCIAL STREET.


			After two months of sitting on my ass 
			and two months helping out at my 
			brother-in-law's travel agency...



	A standard-issue car dealership: banner-draped lot, glass enclosed 
	showroom.


			...I landed a position at a Saturn 
			dealership.



	All those cars and that new-car SMELL

	IN HIS CUBICLE JIM is typing at his desk across from a 55-ish MALE 



			I never thought I'd end up selling 
			cars, but it's not so bad. I like the 
			Saturn philosophy -- it really is a 
			different kind of company.

	A FRAMED SNAPSHOT on Jim's desk shows Diane and him with the LITTLE 



			I'm just relieved to have a steady 
			income now that there are three of us.



	OUTSIDE ON THE LOT JIM saunters toward a client reading stickers.

	INSIDE THE DEALERSHIP JIM explains features of a CROSS-SECTIONED 


	THE CLIENT IS IN A DRIVER'S SEAT while JIM leans in from the opposite 
	window, pointing out dashboard features.


			Actually, it wasn't so difficult making 
			the transition from teaching to selling.  
			It's like I tell my customers: my role 
			is just to educate people so they can 
			make informed decisions.

	THE GLASS DOORS TO THE SHOWROOM OPEN, and JIM watches a satisfied 
	customer drive slowly away in a new Saturn Twin Cam.


			When I send someone home with a new 
			unit, I feel a genuine sense of pride.



	The room consists of mismatched sofas and chairs around a coffee 
	table.  There's a TV that no one watches.

	Sleeves rolled up and tie loosened, JIM eats a sandwich next to TWO 
	OTHER SALESMEN and a FEMALE ACCOUNTANT who like him are eating lunch 
	and watching TV.  NO one speaks.


			So that's about it.  Maybe I'll get 
			back to teaching someday, but for the 
			time being, I guess I'm pretty happy 
			where I'm at.

	A SALESMAN pokes his head in the door.


					
			Hey, Professor.  There's a young gal 
			out here asking for you.


			Oh

	JIM chews quicker and wipes his mouth as he stands up, straightens his 
	tie.


					(low, as JIM 
					passes)
			She's a real hot tamale.



	JIM walks among the shiny new cars and sees the back of an attractive 
	young woman in a red dress and heels.  She turns around: it's Tracy.  
	JIM is truly surprised.


			Hello, Mr. M.


			Hello, Tracy.

	JIM waits for Tracy to lead the way, but she doesn't


			So what brings you here?


			I'm looking at new cars.


			Oh.  New cars.  I see.  Well, you came 
			to the right place


			My mother's buying me a new car for 
			college.


			Huh.  Right.  College.  Wow.  Where are 
			you going?  Where 'd you get into?


			Well, I got in everywhere I applied, 
			but Cornell is my first choice.


			Good for you.  Good for you

	An uncomfortable pause.  JIM shifts gears.


			So, are you looking for something 
			sporty or more practical?


			Sporty.



	A test drive. JIM is in the passenger seat. Tracy nears the end of the 
	dealership's driveway.


			Where to?


			Anywhere you want.
					
			Just so long as we're not gone more 
			than a half-hour.

	Tracy turns right.  They drive a moment in silence.


			Handles pretty good, don't you think?


			Yeah.


			Plenty of pep, too.


			Uh-huh.


			And this model comes with ABS and dual 
			air bags standard.


			That sounds good.

	A silence


			So Tracy?


			Yes?


			Why are you doing this?


			Doing what?


			Coming to see me.  Are you trying to. . 
			 humiliate me?


			Nooo.  I just thought...  l mean, I am 
			looking for a new car.  But I just 
			thought, well, I'm going away soon, and 
			you'll be stuck here and, I don't know, 
			I just think maybe if things had been 
			different we might have been, well, 
			friends. Real friends.  And then things 
			would be different.  Don't you think?

	JIM just looks at Tracy - it's so very odd


			Well, I... I... that's very nice of 
			you.


					 
			I've got an idea.

	Tracy suddenly signals and takes a right.



	Tracy and JIM and the Saturn zoom by.



	Tracy takes a corner and pulls to a stop in front of a modest middle 
	class house.


			What's this?


			My house.

	Tracy sets the parking brake.  Jim's eyes register a suppressed panic.


			I don't understand.  What's the deal?

	Tracy looks deeply into Jim's eyes.


			I want you to do something for me.


			Swallows, unsure what heaven or hell 
			awaits him.


					
			I just have to get something. I'll be 
			right back.

	Tracy heads toward the house. JIM sits and waits.  He scans Tracy's 
	house, notices the chipped and peeling paint,  the rusting lawn 
	furniture, the bowed porch steps.

	NOW TRACY opens the door and gets in. She carries her YEARBOOK  and 
	gives it to Jim.


			Oh, is this...? 
					(thumbing through 
					it)
			God. First one of these I haven't been 
			in for a long time.


			Would you sign it for me?

	Tracy reaches over the parking brake and flips the yearbook to the 
	blank pages at the beginning.


			What a surprise.


			Take as much room as you want

	JIM removes a pen from his breast pocket and uncaps  it. He considers 
	what to write.


			I'm scared, Mr. M. I kind of don't feel 
			ready for college.


			You'll be fine.


			I hope so


			You will.



	He looks at the yearbook. He looks at Tracy. He looks out the 
	windshield. It's all so odd.

	CLOSE ON THE BLANK PAGE JIM begins to write:

	"Dear Tracy,"



