



if 
top.location.href=location.href









     by Jim Uhls

     based on a novel by Chuck Palahnuik








                 People were always asking me, did I
                 know Tyler Durden.





     TYLER has one arm around Jack's shoulder; the other hand
     holds a HANDGUN with the barrel lodged in JACK'S MOUTH.
     Tyler is sitting in Jack's lap.

     They are both sweating and disheveled, both around 30; Tyler
     is blond, handsome; and Jack, brunette, is appealing in a
     dry sort of way.  Tyler looks at his watch.


                 One minute.
                       
                 This is the beginning.  We're at
                 ground zero.  Maybe you should say a
                 few words, to mark the occasion.


                 ... i... ann....iinn.. ff....nnyin...


                 With a gun barrel between your teeth,
                 you only speak in vowels.

     Jack tongues the barrel to the side of his mouth.


                       
                 I can't think of anything.


                 With my tongue, I can feel the
                 rifling in the barrel.  For a second,
                 I totally forgot about Tyler's whole
                 controlled demolition thing and I
                 wondered how clean this gun is.

     Tyler checks his watch.


                 It's getting exciting now.


                 That old saying, how you always hurt
                 the one you love, well, it works both
                 way.

     Jack turns so that he can see down -- 31 STORIES.


                 We have front row seats for this
                 Theater of Mass Destruction.  The
                 Demolitions Committee of Project
                 Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns
                 of ten buildings with blasting
                 gelatin.  In two minutes, primary
                 charges will blow base charges, and
                 those buildings will be reduced to
                 smoldering rubble.  I know this
                 because Tyler knows this.


                 Look what we've accomplised.
                       
                 Thirty seconds.


                 Somehow, I realize all of this -- the
                 gun, the bombs, the revolution -- is
                 really about Marla Singer.

     PULL BACK from Jack's face.  It's pressed against TWO LARGE
     BREASTS that belong to...BOB, 45, a moose of a man.  Jack is
     engulfed by Bob in an intense embrace.  Bob weeps openly.


                 Bob had bitch tits.

     PULL BACK to wide on...



     Men are paired off, hugging, talking in emotional tones.
     Near the door, a SIGN on a stand: "REMAINING MEN TOGETHER."


                 This was a support group for men with
                 testicular cancer.  The big moosie
                 slobbering all over me was Bob.


                 We're still men.


                 Yes.  We're men.  Men is what we are.


                 Six months ago, Bob's testicles were
                 removed.  Then hormone therapy.  He
                 developed bitch tits because his
                 testosterone was too high and his
                 body upped the estrogen.  That was
                 where my head fit -- into his huge,
                 sweating tits that hung enormous, the
                 way we think of God's as big.


                 They're gonna have to open my pec's
                 again to drain the fluid.

     Bob hugs tighter; then looks with empathy into Jack's eyes.


                 Okay.  You cry now.

     Jack looks at Bob.


                 Wait.  Back up.  Let me start earlier.



     Jack lies in bed, staring at the ceiling.


                 For six months.  I could not sleep.



     Jack, sleepy, stands over a copy machine.  His Starbucks cup
     sits on the lid, moving back and forth as the machine copies.


                 With insomnia, nothing is real.
                 Everything is far away.  Everything
                 is a copy of a copy of a copy.

     Other people make copies, all with Starbucks cups, sipping.
     Jack picks up his cup and his copies and leaves.



     Jack, sipping, stares blankly at a Starbucks bag on the
     floor, full of newspapers and FAST FOOD GARBAGE.


                 When deep space exploration ramps up,
                 it will be corporations that name
                 everything.  The IBM Stellar Sphere.
                 The Philip Morris Galaxy.  Planet
                 Starbucks.

     Jack looks up as a pudgy man, Jack's BOSS, enters, Starbucks
     cup in hand, and slides a stack of reports on Jack's desk.


                 I'm going to need you out-of-town a
                 little more this week.  We've got
                 some "red-flags" to cover.


                 It must've been Tuesday.  he was
                 wearing his "cornflower-blue" tie.


                       
                 You want me to de-prioritize my
                 current reports until you advise of
                 a status upgrade?


                 You need to make these your primary
                 "action items."


                 He was full of pep.  Must've had his
                 grande latte enema.


                 Here are your flight coupons.  Call
                 me from the road if there are any
                 snags.  Your itinerary...

     Jack hides a yawn, pretends to listen.



     Jack sits on the toilet, CORDLESS PHONE to his ear, flips
     through an IKEA catalog.  There's a stack of old Playboy
     magazines and other catalogs nearby.


                 Like everyone else, I had become a
                 slave to the IKEA nesting instinct.


                       
                 Yes.  I'd like to order the Erika
                 Pekkari slip covers.

     Jack drops the open catalog on the floor.

     MOVE IN ON CATALOG -- ON PHOTO of COFFEETABLE SET...


                 If I saw something like clever coffee
                 table sin the shape of a yin and
                 yang, I had to have it.

     PAN TO PHOTO of ARMCHAIR...


                 Like the Johanneshov armchair in the
                 Strinne green stripe pattern...



     The armchair APPEARS.  PAN OVER next to armchair...


                 Or the Rislampa wire lamps of
                 environmentally-friendly unbleached
                 paper.

     The lamps APPEAR.  PAN OVER to wall...


                 Even the Vild hall clock of
                 galvanized steel, resting on the
                 Klipsk shelving unit.

     The clock APPEARS as the shelving unit APPEARS on the wall.


                 I would flip through catalogs and
                 wonder, "What kind of dining set
                 defines me as a person?"  We used to
                 read pornography.  Now it was the
                 Horchow Collection.

     A dining room set APPEARS.  Jack, the cordless phone still
     glued to his ear, walks INTO FRAME and continues.


                 No, I don't want Cobalt.  Oh, that
                 sounds nice.  Apricot.

     Jack opens a cabinet, takes out a plate.


                 I had it all.  Even the glass dishes
                 with tiny bubbles and imperfections,
                 proof they were crafted by the
                 honest, simple, hard-working
                 indigenous peoples of wherever.

     He rummages through the refrigerator.  It's practically
     empty.  Jack takes out a jar of mustard, opens it and uses
     a butter knife to eat it.



     Jack, eyes puffy, face pale, sits before an INTERN, who
     studies him with bemusement.


                 No, you can't die of insomnia.


                 Maybe I died already.  Look at my
                 face.


                 You need to lighten up.


                 Can't you give me something?


                 Red-and-blue Tuinal, lipstick-red
                 Seconals.


                       
                 You need healthy, natural sleep.
                 Chew valerian root and get some more
                 exercise.

     The Intern ushes Jack to the door.  They step into the...



     The Intern walks away from Jack, picks up a chart.


                 I'm in pain.


                       
                 You want to see pain?  Swing by First
                 Methodist Tuesday nights.  See the
                 guys with testicular cancer.  That's
                 pain.

     The Intern moves into the other room.  Jack stares after him.



     Jack heads for the front door.



     Jack stares at a group of men, including Bob, who are all
     listening to a group member speak at a lectern.  The SPEAKER
     has pale skin and sunken eyes -- he's clearly dying.


                 I... wanted three kids.  Two boys and
                 a girl.  Mindy wanted two girls and
                 one boy.  We never could agree on
                 anything.

     The Speaker cracks a sad smile.  Some men chuckle, happy to
     lighten the mood.


                 Well, she had her first child a month
                 ago, a girl, with her new husband...
                 And, Thank God.  I'm glad for her,
                 because she deserves...

     The speaker breaks down, WEEPS UNCONTROLLABLY.

     Jack watches.  A couple of the men go up to the speaker,
     comforting him, leading him away.  A LEADER takes the stand.


                 Everyone, let's thank Thomas for
                 sharing himself with us.

     Jack, uncomfortable, joins EVERYONE ELSE:


                       
                 Thank you, Thomas.


                 I look around this room and I see a
                 lot of courage.  And it gives me
                 strength.  We give each other
                 strength.

     Jack looks around.  Many of the men are sniffling, sobbing.
     Jack squirms in his seat.


                 It's time for the one-on-one.  Let's
                 follow Thomas's example and open
                 ourselves.

     Everyone gets out of their chairs and begins pairing-off.
     Jack stands, uncomfortable.


                 Can everyone find a partner?

     Bob, his chin down on his chest, starts toward Jack,
     shuffling his feet.


                 The big moosie, his eyes already
                 shrink-wrapped in tears.  Knees
                 together, invisible steps.

     Bob takes Jack into an embrace.


                 Bob was a champion bodybuilder.  You
                 know that chest expansion program you
                 see on TV?  That was his idea.


                 ...using steroids.  I was a juicer.
                 Diabonol, then, Wisterol -- it's for
                 racehorses, for Christsake.  Now I'm
                 bankrupt, divorced, my two grown kids
                 won't return my calls...


                 Strangers with this kind of honesty
                 make me go a big rubbery one.

     Bob breaks into sobbing, putting his head on Jack's shoulder
     and completely covering Jack's face.  After a long beat of
     crying, Bob raises up his head, looks at Jack's NAMETAG.


                 Go ahead, Cornelius.  You can cry.

     They look at each other.  Slowly, Jack's eyes grow wet.


                 Then... something happened.  I was
                 lost in oblivion -- dark and silent
                 and complete.

     Bob pulls Jack's head back into his chest.  Jack tightens
     his arms around Bob.


                 I found freedom.  Losing all hope was
                 freedom.

     Jack pulls away from Bob.  On Bob's chest, there's a WET
     MASK of Jack's face from how he looks weeping.


                 Babies don't sleep this well.



     Jack lies sound asleep.


                 I became addicted.



     Jack moves into a "group hug" of sickly people, men and
     women.  In view is a sign by the door "Free and Clear."



     Jack stands with a weeping middle-aged WOMAN.  He begins to
     cry along with her.  A sign by the door: "Onward and Upward."


                 If I didn't say anything, people
                 assumed the worst.  They cried
                 harder.  I cried harder.



     Everyone, including Jack, sits back in their seats, EYES
     CLOSED.  The Leader speaks into a microphone.


                 Tonight, we're going to open the
                 green door -- the heart chakra...


                 I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host
                 to cancer or parasites; I was the
                 warm little center that the life of
                 this world crowded around.


                 ...And you open the door and you
                 step inside.  We're inside our
                 hearts.  Now, imaging your pain as a
                 white ball of healing light.  That's
                 right, the pain itself is a ball of
                 healing light.

     Jack, eyes closed, is silent...


                 It moves over your body, healing you.
                 Keep this going and step forward,
                 through the back door of the room.
                 Where does it lead?  To your cave.
                 Step forward into your cave.



     Jack walks along, moving through an ICE CAVERN...


                 That's right.  You're going deeper
                 into your cave.  And you're going to
                 find your power animal...

     Jack comes upon a PENGUIN.  The penguin looks at him, cocks
     his head to signal Jack forward.


                 Slide.

     The penguin jumps onto a patch of ICE and slides away.



     Jack walks out a doorway, saying goodbye to people.  He
     walks down the sidewalk, shining with peace.


                 Every evening I died and every
                 evening I was born again.  Resurrected.





     Jack's still in an embrace with Bob.


                 Bob loved me because he thought my
                 testicles were removed too.  Being
                 there, my face against his tits,
                 ready to cry -- this was my vacation.

     MARLA SINGER enters.  She has short matte black hair and
     big, dark eyes like a character from japanese animation.


                 And, she ruined everything.

     Marla looks around, raises a cigarette to her lips.


                 This is cancer, right?

     Bob and Jack stare, dumbfounded.



     Everyone paired-off.  MOVE THROUGH ROOM... FIND JACK'S FACE
     as he stares... MOVE THROUGH ROOM... FIND MARLA'S FACE.
     She's drinking coffee, smoking a cigarette.


                 This ... chick ... Marla Singer ...
                 did not have testicular cancer.  She
                 was a liar.



     Marla sits with the group, smoking, listening intently while
     a member speaks.  Jack spies on her.


                 She had no diseases at all.  I had
                 seen her at my melanoma Monday night
                 group ...



     Marla sits at the end of a row, smoking.  All the faces down
     the row are turned toward her, incredulous...


                 ... and at "Free and Clear," my blood
                 parasites group Thursdays.

     Jack leans out further than the others, scornful.


                 -- And, again, at "Seize The Day," my
                 tuberculosis Friday night.





     Jack watches... Marla's eyes are closed, her head on the
     shoulder of the MAN she's embraced by.  She opens her eyes,
     catching Jack's stare.  Jack looks away.


                 Marla -- the big tourist.  Her lie
                 reflected my lie.

     Marla rests her chin on the man's shoulder.  Tears roll down
     her cheeks.  She wipes at them.



     Marla walks out,  The support group's dispersing.  Jack
     exits amongst them.  He spots Marla walking away.


                 And suddenly, I felt nothing.  I
                 couldn't cry.  So, once again, I
                 could not sleep.

     Jack stares after Marla for a long moment.  He walks away.



     Jack, in underwear, is cross-legged on the floor, assembling
     IKEA furniture, CORDLESS PHONE shouldered to his ear.


                       
                 No, I just can't believe that card is
                 declined -- Okay, okay, let me give
                 you a different card number.

     Jack gets his wallet off the floor, pulls out another card
     and, MOS over the following, he reads it into the phone.


                 Next group, after guided meditation,
                 after we open our chakras, when it's
                 time to hug, I'm going to grab that
                 little bitch, Marla Singer, pin her
                 arms against her sides and say...



     CLOSE ON JACK as he CLAMPS his arms around Marla.


                 Marla, you liar, you big tourist.  I
                 need this.  Get out.



     Jack, in pajamas, stares at Home Shopping Network on his TV.


                 When you have insomnia, you're never
                 really asleep and you're never really
                 awake.  I hadn't slept in four days...



     Jack walks in and joins the crowd, looking around.  People
     are chattering with each other.


                 -- But, in here, in everyone, there's
                 the squint of a five-day headache.
                 Yet they forced themselves to be
                 positive.  They never said
                 "parasite;" they said "agent."  They
                 always talked about getting better.


                 Okay, everyone.

     Everyone sits in chairs.  Jack catches sight of Marla.


                 To open tonight's communion, Chloe
                 would like to say a few words.

     Taking the lectern is CHLOE, a pale, sickly girl whose skin
     stretches yellowish and tight over her bones.  She wears a
     head bondage.  She clears her throat.


                 Ahh, Chloe.  Chloe looked the way
                 Joni Mitchell's skeleton would look
                 if you made it smile and walk around
                 a party being extra nice to everyone.


                 Well, I'm still here -- but I don't
                 know for how long.  That's as much
                 certainty as anyone can give me.  but
                 I've got some good news -- I no
                 longer have any fear of death.

     APPLAUSE from around the room.


                 But... I am in a pretty lonely place.
                 No one will have sex with me.  I'm so
                 close to the end and all I want is to
                 get laid for the last time.  I have
                 pornographic movies in my apartment,
                 and lubricants and amyl nitrate ...

     The LEADER gingerly takes control of the microphone.


                 Thank you, Chloe.  Everyone, let's
                 thank Chloe.


                 Thank you, Chloe.




                 Now, you're standing at the entrance
                 to your cave.  You step inside your
                 cave and you walk.  Keep walking.

     Jack's face, eyes closed, is motionless.


                 If I did have a tumor, I'd name it
                 Marla.  Marla...the little scratch on
                 the roof of your mouth that would
                 heal if only you could stop tonguing
                 it, but you can't.


                 Now, find your power animal.



     Jack finds Marla smoking a cigarette.  Marla cocks her head,
     indicating whe wants him to --


                 Slide.



     Jack's eyes open and turn to Marla, watching her blow smoke
     rings with her eyes closed.



     Everyone stands and mills about, pairing-off.


                 Pick someone special to you tonight.

     Jack sees the ghastly spectre of Chloe ambling towards him.
     He tries to smile.  She smiles with a twisted, dying mouth.


                 Hello, Mr. Tayler.


                 I never gave my real name at support
                 groups.


                 Hi, Chloe.


                 We've never actually talked.

     Chloe's eyes are eerily bright with desperation.  Jack, in
     a sincere attempt at levity, chokes out:


                 You look good.  You ... look ... like
                 a pirate.

     Chloe laughs, a little too much.  Jack squeezes out a laugh.
     Then he sees Marla, off by herself.  Someone heads for her.


                 Excuse me, I have to...

     Jack gives a quick nod to Chloe and darts towards Marla.
     Chloe watches him go.

     STAY ON JACK AND MARLA as Jack CLAMPS his arms around her.
     He whispers into her ear.


                 We need to talk.


                 Sure.


                 I'm on to you.  You're a faker.  You
                 aren't dying.


                 What?


                 Okay, in the Sylvia Plath philosophy
                 way, we're all dying.  But you're not
                 dying the way Chloe is dying.


                 Tell the other person how you feel.


                 You're a tourist.  I saw you at
                 melanoma, tuberculosis and testicular
                 cancer.


                 And I saw you practicing this...


                 Practicing what?


                 Telling me off.  Is it going as well
                 as you hoped... ?
                       
                 "... Mr. Taylor."


                 I'll expose you.


                 Go ahead.  I'll expose you.


                 Share yourself completely.

     Marla puts her head down on Jack's shoulder as if she were
     crying.  Jack pulls her head back up.  She deadpans at him.


                 Why are you doing this?


                 It's cheaper than a movie, and
                 there's free coffee.


                 These are my groups.  I was here
                 first.  I've been coming for a year.


                 A year?  How'd you manage that?


                 Anyone who might've noticed either
                 died or recovered and never came back.


                 Let yourself cry.


                 Why do you do it?


                 I... I don't know.  I guess... when
                 people think you're dying, they
                 really listen, instead...


                 -- Instead of just waiting for their
                 turn to speak.


                 Yeah.

     Brief recognition between them, broken as the Leader passes.


                 Quietly, now.  Share with each other.

     Jack waits till the Leader's out of earshot.


                       
                 It becomes an addiction.


                 Really?

     Jack sighs, then pulls back.


                 Look, I can't cry with a faker
                 present.


                 Candy-stripe a cancer ward.  It's not
                 my problem.


                 Please.  Can't we do something... ?

     Marla starts out of the room.  Jack follows her.


                 Now, the closing prayer.



     Marla gets to the sidewalk, moving quickly along.


                 We'll split up the week.  You can
                 have lymphoma, tuberculosis and --


                 You take tuberculosis.  My smoking
                 doesn't go over at all.


                 I think testicular cancer should be
                 no contest.


                 Well, technically, I have more of a
                 right to be there than you.  You
                 still have your balls.


                 You're kidding.


                 I don't know -- am I?

     Jack follow Marla into...



     Marla walks with authority up to an unwatched DRYER.  She
     takes out clothes, picks out jeans, pants and shirts.


                 I'll take the parasites.


                 You can't have both parasites.  You
                 can take blood parasites --


                 I want brain parasites.


                 Okay.  I'll take blood parasites and
                 organic brain dementia --


                 I want that.


                 You can't have the whole brain!


                 So far, you have four and I only have
                 two!


                 Then, take blood parasites.  It's
                 yours.  Now we each have three.

     Marla gathers the chosen garments and heads out past Jack...



     Jack follows, bewildered.


                 You... left half your clothes.

     HONK!  Jack starts.  Marla's led him into the street with
     traffic barreling down.

     Marla walks on, oblivious as CARS screech to a halt, HORNS
     BLARING.  Jack dashes, following...



     Marla drops the pile of clothes on a counter.  An old CLERK
     sifts through the clothes, begins writing on a pad.


                 You're selling those?

     Marla steps down hard on Jack's foot.  He winces in pain.


                       
                 Yes, I'm selling some chothes.

     The Clerk starts to ring up the assessed amounts.


                 So, we each have three -- that's six.
                 What about the seventh day?  I want
                 ascending bowel cancer.


                 The girl had done her homework.


                 I want ascending bowel cancer.

     The Clerk gives a strange look as he hands money to Marla.


                 That's your favorite, too?  Tried to
                 slip it by me, eh?


                 We'll split it.  You get it the first
                 and third Sunday of the month.


                 Deal.

     They shake.  Jack tries to withdraw his hand; Marla holds it.


                 Looks like this is goodbye.


                 Let's not make a big thing out of it.

     She walks to the door, pocketing money, not looking back.


                 How's this for not making a big thing?

     Jack watches her go.  A moment, then he follows after...



     Jack hesitates, unsure, then run/walks to catch up to her...


                 Um... Marla, should we maybe exchange
                 numbers?


                 Should we?


                 In case we want to switch nights.


                 I suppose.

     Jack takes out a business card, writes his number on the
     back, hands it to her.  She takes the pen, grabs his hand
     and writes her number on his palm.  She walks into the
     street, causing more SCREECHING and HONKING.  She turns,
     holds up the card.


                 It doesn't have your name.  Who are
                 you?  Cornelius?  Mr. Taylor?  Dr.
                 Zaius?  Any of the stupid names you
                 give each night?

     Jack starts to answer, but the traffic noise is too loud.
     Marla just shakes her head, turns, and keeps moving.  A BUS
     moves into view, obscuring her.


                 This is how I met Marla Singer.



     The plane touches down; the cabin BUMPS.  Jack's eyes open.


                 You wake up at O'Hare.



     Jack snaps awake again, looking around, disoriented.


                 You wake up at SeaTac.



     The rear of a CRASHED CAR sticks up by the side of the road.
     Jack stands, marking on a clipboard.  The SUN SETS behind.



     Jack stands at a gate counter.  An ATTENDANT smiles at him.


                 Check-in for that flight doesn't
                 begin for another two hours, Sir.

     Jack looks with blearing eyes at his watch, steps away and
     looks at an overhanging CLOCK.


                 Pacific, Mountain, Central.  Lose an
                 hour, gain an hour.  This is your
                 life, and it's ending one minute at
                 a time.



     Jack's eyes snap open as the plane LANDS.


                 You wake up at Air Harbor
                 International.



     Jack stands on a conveyor belt, briefcase at his feet.  He
     watches PEOPLE MOVING PAST on the opposite conveyor.


                 If you wake up at a different time
                 and in a different place, could you
                 wake up as a different person?

     Jack misses seeing TYLER on the opposite conveyor belt.
     They pass each other.



     Jack sits next to a BUSINESSMAN.  As they have idle
     CONVERSATION, we MOVE IN ON Jack's tray.  An ATTENDANT'S
     HANDS set coffee down with a small container of cream.


                 Everywhere I travel -- tiny life.
                 Single-serving sugar, single-serving
                 cream, single pat of butter.



     HANDS place a dinner tray down.


                 Microwave Cordon Bleu hobby kit.



     Jack brushes his teeth in the MIRROR.


                 Shampoo/conditioner combo.  Single-
                 serving mouthwash, tiny bar of soap.

     Jack picks up an individual, wrapped Q-TIP, looks at it.  He
     moves out of the bathroom into...



     Jack sits on the bed.  He turns on the TV.  It's tuned to
     the "Sheraton Channel," shows WAITERS serving people in a
     large BANQUET ROOM.  Jack stops brushing his teeth, feels
     something on the bed, lifts it -- a small DINNER MINT.



     Jack sits next to a frumpy WOMAN.  They chat.  Jack turns to
     look at his food, takes a bite.  He turns back and it's...

     --a BALD MAN next to him, talking.  Jack takes another bite,
     turns back and it's...

     --a BUSINESSMAN next to him.  Jack takes another bite, turns
     back, and it's...

     --a BUSINESS WOMAN next to him.


                 The people I meet on each flight --
                 they're single-serving friends.
                 Between take-off and landing, we have
                 our time together, but that's all we
                 get.



     Jack's eyes snap open.


                 You wake up at Logan.



     A giant corrugated METAL DOOR opens.


                 On a long enough time line, the
                 survival rate for everyone drops to
                 zero.

     Two TECHNICIANS lead Jack to the BURNT-OUT SHELL of a
     WRECKED AUTOMOBILE.  Jack sets down his briefcase, opens it
     and starts to make notes on a CLIPBOARDED FORM.


                 I'm a recall coordinator.  My job is
                 to apply the formula.  It's a story
                 problem.


                 Here's where the infant went through
                 the windshield.  Three points.


                 A new car built by my company leaves
                 somewhere traveling at 60 miles per
                 hour.  The rear differential locks up.


                 The teenager's braces around the
                 backseat ashtray would make a good
                 "anti-smoking" ad.


                 The car crashes and burns with
                 everyone trapped inside.  Now: do we
                 initiate a recall?


                 The father must've been huge.  See
                 how the fat burnt into the driver's
                 seat with his polyester shirt?  Very
                 "modern art."


                 Take the number of vehicles in the
                 field, , and multiply it by the
                 probable rate of failure, , then
                 multiply the result by the average
                 out-of-court settlement, .  A
                 times B times C equals X...





     Jack is speaking to the BUSINESSWOMAN next to him.


                 If X is less than the cost of a
                 recall, we don't do one.


                 Are there a lot of these kinds of
                 accidents?


                 Oh, you wouldn't believe.


                 ... Which... car company do you work
                 for?


                 A major one.

     Turgid silence.  Jack turns to the window.  He sees a
     PELICAN get SUCKED into the TURBINE.


                 Every time the plane banked too
                 sharply on take-off or landing, I
                 prayed for a crash, or a mid-air
                 collision -- anything.

     Jack's face remains bland during the following: the plane
     BUCKLES -- the cabin wobbles.  People panic.  Masks drop.


                 No more haircuts.  Nothing matters,
                 not even bad breath.

     The side of the plane SHEARS OFF!  Screaming PASSENGERS are
     sucked out into the night air, flying past the quivering
     wind.  Magazines and other objects fly everywhere.


                 Life insurance pays off triple if you
                 die on a business trip.

     Jack remains in his same position, same bland expression.

     DING! -- the seatbelt light goes OUT.  Jack SNAPS AWAKE.
     EVERYTHING IS NORMAL.  Some passengers get out of their
     seats.  From next to Jack, a VOICE we've heard before...


                 There are three ways to make napalm.
                 One, mix equal parts of gasoline and
                 frozen orange juice...

     Jack turns to see TYLER.  Without turned to Jack, Tyler
     continues:


                 Two, equal parts gasoline and diet
                 cola.  Three, dissolve kitty-litter
                 in gasoline until the mixture is
                 thick.


                 Pardon me?

     Tyler turns to Jack.


                 This is how I met --


                 Tyler Durden.

     Tyler offers his hand.  Jack takes it.


                 You know why they have oxygen masks
                 on planes?


                 No, supply oxygen?


                 Oxygen gets you high.  In a
                 catastrophic emergency, we're taking
                 giant, panicked breaths...

     Tyler grabs a safety instruction CARD from the seatback,
     hands it to Jack.


                 Suddenly, we become euphoic and
                 docile.  We accept our fate.

     Tyler points to passive faces on the drawn figures.


                 Emergency water landing, 600 miles
                 per hour.  Blank faces -- calm as
                 Hindu cows.

     Jack laughs.


                 What do you do, Tyler?


                 What do you want me to do?


                 I mean -- for a living.


                 Why?  So you can say, "Oh, that's
                 what you do." -- And be a smug little
                 shit about it?

     Jack laughs.  Tyler reaches under the seat in front of him
     and lifts a BRIEFCASE.


                 You have a kind of sick desperation
                 in your laugh.

     Jack points to his own briefcase.


                 We have the same briefcase.

     Tyler turns the top of his briefcase toward Jack.


                 Open it.

     Jack looks at Tyler, then pops the latches and raises the
     lid to reveal quaintly-wrapped bars of SOAP.


                 Soap -- the yardstick of civilization.
                       
                 I make and sell soap...

     Tyler hands Jack his card.  "THE PAPER STREET SOAP COMPANY."


                 If you were to add nitric acid to the
                 soap-making process, one would get
                 nitroglycerin.  With enough soap, one
                 could blow up the world, if one were
                 so inclined.

     Tyler SNAPS the briefcase shut.  Jack stares.


                 Tyler, you are by far the most
                 interesting "single-serving" friend
                 I've ever met.

     Tyler stares back.  Jack, enjoying his own chance to be
     witty, leans closer to Tyler.


                 You see, when you travel, everything
                 is small, self-contained--


                 The spork.  I get it.  You're very
                 clever.


                 Thank you.


                 How's that working out for you?


                 What?


                 Being clever.


                       
                 Well, uh... great.


                 Keep it up, then.  Keep it right up.

     Tyler stands, looks towards the aisle.


                 ... As I squeeze past, do I give you
                 the ass or the crotch?

     Tyler moves to the aisle, his ass toward jack, walks away...


                 We are defined by the choices we make.

     Tyler goes to the curtain dividing First Class, slaps the
     curtain aside and sits in an empty seat.  Jack watches.


                 How I came to live with Tyler is:
                 airlines have this policy about
                 vibrating luggage.



     Utterly empty of baggage.  No people except for Jack and a
     SECURITY TASK FORCE MAN.  The Security TFM, smirking, holds
     a receiver to his ear from an official phone on the wall.


                       
                 Throwers don't worry about ticking.
                 Modern bombs don't tick.


                 Excuse me?  "Throwers?"


                 Baggage handlers.  But when a
                 suitcase vibrates, the throwers have
                 to call the police.


                 My suitcase was vibrating?


                 Nine time out of ten, it's an
                 electric razor.  But, every once in
                 a while ...
                       
                 ...it's a dildo.  It's airline policy
                 not to imply ownership in the event
                 of a dildo.  We use the indefinite
                 aricle: "A dildo."  Never "Your
                 dildo."

     Jack sees, through the window, Tyler, at the curb, throwing
     his briefcase into the back of a shiny, red CONVERTIBLE.
     Tyler leaps over the door into the driver's seat and PEELS
     OUT.  jack turns away, looks at the Security TFM.

     In the background, a HARRIED MAN dashes after Tyler and the
     convertible, SCREAMING.


                       
                 I had everything in that bag.  My
                 C.K. shirts... my D.K.N.Y. shoes...


                       
                 Yeah, uh huh... yeah?
                       
                 Oh...



     A lone SUITCASE sits on the concrete.  SECURITY PERSONNEL
     keep their distance.  KABOOM!  The suitcase explodes.



     The Security TFM, shakes his head, hangs up.


                 I'm terribly sorry.

     The Security TFM hands Jack a claim form.  Jack snatches it,
     disgusted, takes out a pen, starts filling out the form.


                 You know the industry slang for
                 "Flight Attendant?"  "Air Mattress."



     Along a residential street.  Jack looks ahead, sees a tall,
     grey, bland BUILDING on the corner.


                 Home was a condo on the fifteenth
                 floor of a filing cabinet for widows
                 and young professionals.  The walls
                 were solid concrete.  A foot of
                 concrete is important when your next-
                 door neighbor lets her hearing aid go
                 and has to watch game shows at full
                 volume...

     The taxi turns a corner and Jack sees the front of the
     building.  A diffuse CLOUD of SMOKE wafts away from a BLOWN-
     OUT SECTION of the fifteenth floor.  FIRETRUCKS, POLICE CARS
     and a MOB are all crowded around the lobby area.


                 -- Or when a volcanic blast of debris
                 that used to be your furniture and
                 personal effects blows out your floor-
                 to-ceiling windows and sails flaming
                 into the night.



     Jack, gaping at the sight above him, absently gives the
     Cabbie money.  The taxi pulls away.  Jack starts toward the
     building.  He pushes through the fray of people, into the...



     The DOORMAN sees Jack enter, gives a sad smile, shakes his
     head.  Jack starts for the elevator.


                 There's nothing up there.

     Jack presses the button.  The Doorman moves next to him.


                 You can't go into the unit.  Police
                 orders.

     The elevator doors open.  Jack hesitates.  The doors close.
     Jack heads out the lobby doors.  The Doorman follows...



     Jack walks past SMOKING, CHARRED DEBRIS -- a flash of ORANGE
     from the Yang table, a CLOCK FACE from the hall clock, part
     of an arm from the GREEN ARMCHAIR.  His feet CRUNCH glass.


                 How embarrassing.


                 Do you have somebody you can call?

     Jack comes to his REFRIGERATOR lying on its side.  He
     reaches down and takes a note: "MARLA --" and a phone
     number, from under a BANANA MAGNET.



     Hissing.


                 The police would later tell me that
                 the pilot light might have gone
                 out... letting out just a little bit
                 of gas.



     Jack gets to a PAYPHONE.  The Doorman follows, watching him.


                 Lots of young people try to impress
                 the world and buy too many things.

     Jack picks up the receiver, puts in a quarter.  He looks at
     Marla's number a long moment.



     The SOUND of the HISS...


                 The gas could have slowly filled the
                 condo.  Seventeen-hundred square feet
                 with high ceilings, for days and days.



     Jack replaces the receiver.  He pockets Marla's number, digs
     out a small FILOFAX.  He flips through the pages for phone
     numbers and addresses.  Most of the pages are blank.


                 Many young people feel trapped and
                 desperate.




                 Then, the refrigerator's compressor
                 could have clicked on...

     Click.  KABOOM!  SCREEN GOES WHITE.



     Jack looks at the Doorman.  Tyler's BUSINESS CARD falls from
     the Filofax.  Jack catches it.


                 If you don't know what you want, you
                 end up with a lot you don't.

     The Doorman walks away.  Jack stares at Tyler's card.


                 If you asked me now, I couldn't tell
                 you why I called him.

     Jack re-deposits the quarter, dials Tyler's number.  It
     RINGS... and RINGS and RINGS.  Jack sighs and hangs up the
     phone.  A moment, then the phone RINGS.


                 Hello?


                 Who's this?


                 Tyler?


                 Who's this?


                 Uh... I'm sorry.  We met on the
                 plane.  We had the same briefcase.
                 I'm... you know, the clever guy.


                 Oh, yeah.


                 I just called a second ago.  There
                 was no answer.  I'm at a payphone.


                 I star-sixty-nined you.  I never pick
                 up my phone.  What's up?


                 Well... let me see... here's the
                 thing...



     A small building in the middle of a concrete parking lot.



     Jack and Tyler sit in the back, with a pitcher of BEER.


                 You buy furniture.  You tell
                 yourself: this is the last sofa I'll
                 ever need.  No matter what else
                 happens, I've got the sofa issue
                 handled.  Then, the right set of
                 dishes.  The right dinette.


                 This is how we fill up our lives.

     Tyler lights a cigarette.


                 I guess so.


                 And, now it's gone.


                 All gone.

     Tyler offers cigarettes.  Jack declines.


                 Could be worse.  A woman could cut
                 off your penis while you're asleep
                 and toss it out the window of a
                 moving car.


                 There's always that.


                 I don't know, maybe I'm wrong.  Maybe
                 it's a terrible tragedy.


                 ...no ...no ...


                 I mean, you did lose a lot of nice,
                 neat little shit.  The trendy paper
                 lamps, the Euro-trash shelving unit,
                 am I right?

     Jack laughs, nods.  He shakes his head, drinks.


                 But maybe, just maybe, you've been
                 delivered.


                       
                 Delivered from Swedish furniture.


                 Delivered from armchairs in obscure
                 green stripe patterns.


                 Delivered from Martha Stewart.


                 Delivered from bullshit colors like
                 "Cobalt," "Ebony," and "Fuchsia."

     They laugh together.  Then, silence.  They drink.


                 Insurance'll cover it.


                 Oh, yeah, you gotta start making the
                 list.


                 What list?


                 The "now I get to go out and buy the
                 exact same stuff all over again"
                 list.  That list.


                 I don't... think so.


                 This time maybe get a widescreen TV.
                 You'll be occupied for weeks.


                 Well, I have to file a claim...


                 The things you own, they end up
                 owning you.


                 Don't I?


                 Do what you like.


                       
                 God, it's late.  I should find a
                 hotel...


                 A hotel?


                 Yeah.


                 So, you called me up, because you
                 just wanted to have a drink before
                 you... go find a hotel?


                 I don't follow...


                 We're on our third pitcher of beer.
                 Just ask me.


                 Huh?


                 You called me so you could have a
                 place to stay.


                 No, I...


                 Why don't you cut the shit and ask if
                 you can stay at my place?


                 Would that be a problem?


                 Is it a problem for you to ask?


                 Can I stay at your place?


                 Yes, you can.


                 Thank you.


                 You're welcome.  But, I want you to
                 do me one favor.


                 What's that?


                 I want you to hit me as hard as you
                 can.


                 What?


                 I want you to hit me as hard as you
                 can.

     Freeze picture.


                 Let me tell you a little bit about
                 Tyler Durden.



     -- And we see it's PORNOGRAPHY.



     Jack, in the foreground, FACES CAMERA.  In the BACKGROUND,
     Tyler sits at a bench, looking at individual FRAMES cut from
     movies.  Near him, a PROJECTOR rolls film.


                 Tyler was a night person.  He
                 sometimes worked as a projectionist.
                 A movie doesn't come in one big reel,
                 it's on a few.  In old theaters, two
                 projectors are used, so someone has
                 to change projectors at the exact
                 second when one reel ends and
                 another reel begins.  Sometimes you
                 can see two dots on screen in the
                 upper right hand corner...

     Tyler points to the side of OUR FRAME and the TWO DOTS
     briefly APPEAR ONSCREEN.


                 They're called "cigarette burns."


                 It's called a "changeover."  The
                 movie goes on, and nobody in the
                 audience has any idea.


                 Why would anyone want this shitty job?


                 It affords him other interesting
                 opportunities.


                 -- Like splicing single frames from
                 adult movies into family films.


                 In reel three, right after the
                 courageous dog and the snooty cag --
                 who have celebrity voices -- eat out
                 of a garbage can, there's the flash
                 of Tyler's contribution...

     In the AUDIENCE, CHILDREN suddenly start squirming,
     confused, looking at each other.

     A WOMAN abruptly stops sucking her soda straw, feeling
     vaguely terrible.  Her uncomfortable HUSBAND slowly leans
     back in his seat.

     Jack and Tyler watch from the projection booth window.


                 One-forty-eighth of a second.  That's
                 how long it's up there.


                 No one really knows that they've seen it.
                 But they did.


                 A nice, big cock.


                 Only a hummingbird could have caught
                 Tyler at work.



     Tyler moves around one of many tables, setting down SOUP
     BOWLS.  Jack stands in the same position, FACING CAMERA.


                 Tyler also worked as a banquet waiter
                 at the luxurious Pressman Hotel.

     The GUESTS command the WAITERS with snaps of fingers.



     Jack turns and WE PAN to Tyler, standing by a CART with a
     giant SOUP TUREEN.  His hands are at his open fly and he's
     in position to piss into the soup.


                 He was the guerrilla terrorist of the
                 food service industry.


                 Don't watch.  I can't if you watch.

     Jack waits.  The SOUND of a STREAM of LIQUID is HEARD.


                 ... Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.


                 He farted on meringue; he sneezed on
                 braised endive; and, with creme of
                 mushroom soup, well...


                 Go ahead.  Say it.


                 You get the idea.



     Tyler and Jack come out the back door.


                 I don't know about this.


                 I don't know, either.  I want to find
                 out.  I've never been hit, have you?


                 No.  That's a good thing, isn't it?


                 I don't want to die without any
                 scars.  How much can you really know
                 about yourself if you've never been
                 in a fight?  Come on... you're the
                 only person I've ever asked.


                 Me?

     Jack stares at him.


                 Why not you?  I'm letting you go
                 first.  Do it.


                 This is crazy.


                 Alright, go crazy.  Let 'er rip.


                 Where do you want it?  In the face?


                 Surprise me.

     Jack swings a wide, clumsy roundhouse -- hits Tyler's
     neck -- makes a dull, flat sound.


                 Shit.  Sorry.  That didn't count.


                 Like hell.  That counted.

     Tyler shoots out a straight punch to Jack's chest.  Jack
     falls back against a car.  His eyes tear up.


                 How do you feel?


                 Strange.


                 But a good strange.


                 Is it?


                 We've crossed the threshold.  You
                 want to call it off?


                 Call what off?


                 The fight.


                 What fight?


                 This fight, pussy.

     Jack swings another roundhouse that slams right under
     Tyler's ear.  Tyler punches Jack in the stomach.  Tyler and
     Jack move clumsily, throwing punches.  They breathe heavier,
     drooling saliva and blood, growing dizzier from every impact.



     Jack and Tyler sit on the curb, watching sparse headlights
     on the nearby freeway.  Their eyes are glazed with endorphin-
     induced serenity.  They look at each other, laugh.  Look away.


                 If you could fight anyone... one on
                 one, whoever you wanted, who would
                 you fight?


                 Anyone?


                 Anyone.

     Jack thinks.


                 My boss, probably.
                       
                 Who would you fight?


                 My dad.  No question.

     A long pause as Jack studies Tyler's face.


                 Oh, yeah.
                       
                 I didn't know my dad.  Well, I knew
                 him, till I was six.  He went and
                 married another woman, had more kids.
                 Every six years or so he'd do it
                 again -- new city, new family.


                 He was setting up franchises.  My
                 father never went to college, so it
                 was really important that I go.


                 I know that.


                 After I graduated, I called him long
                 distance and asked, "Now what?"  He
                 said, "Get a job."  When I turned
                 twenty-five, I called him and asked,
                 "Now what?"  He said, "I don't know.
                 Get married."


                 Same here.


                 A generation of men raised by women.
                 I'm wondering if another woman is the
                 answer we really need.

     Another pause.  Jack feels his bleeding lip, smiles.


                 We should do this again sometime.

     Tyler cracks a smile, give a sidelong glance to Jack.



     A street sign: "PAPER STREET."  A PAPER MILL stis on one
     side, facing a lone HOUSE on the other.  The rest of the
     land is grass and weeds.  It's a grand, old three-story,
     long abandoned.  Tyler leads Jack toward it.


                 Where's your car?


                 What car?


                 I don't know how Tyler found the
                 house, but he'd been there for half
                 a year.



     Tyler leads Jack through the FRONT DOOR...


                 It looked like it was waiting to be
                 torn down.  Most of the windows were
                 boarded up.



     Tyler and Jack climb CREAKY STAIRS to the 2ND FLOOR LANDING.


                 None of the doors locked.  The stairs
                 were ready to collapse.  I didn't
                 know if he owned it or he was
                 squatting.

     Tyler opens the door to a ROOM...



     Jack enters, stis on the creaky BED.  Dust drifts upwards.


                 Neither would have surprised me.



     Jack turns on the water.  LOUD VIBRATIONS from the walls.
     Water spits in starts.


                 Nothing worked.  The rusty plumbing
                 leaked.  Turning on a light meant
                 another light in the house went out.



     All the tavern's lights are off.  Tyler and Jack FIGHT.
     FIVE GUYS stand around watching.



     Jack, his face showing NEW BRUISES AND CUTS, makes coffee
     with a wire-mesh strainer.  Tyler shuffles in, wearing a
     flannel bathrobe.  He spears pieces of bread on a fork,
     starts roasting them over a burner.


                 There were no neighbors.  Just
                 warehouses and the paper mill.  The
                 fart smell of steam, the hamster cage
                 smell of wood chips.



     Jack sits watching as Tyler SWINGS an old GOLF CLUB --
     THWACK -- sends a golf ball soaring down the desolate street.


                 At night, Tyler and I were alone for
                 half a mile in every direction.



     All the lights are off.  TEN GUYS YELL, standing around Jack
     and Tyler, who FIGHT.  THREE CARS are parked in the lot.



     Jack sits on basement stairs, watching as Tyler, knee-deep
     in water, works at an open FUSEBOX, flipping breakers in a
     certain order, showing Jack how it's done.


                 When it rained, we had to kill the
                 power.  By the end of the first
                 month, I didn't care about TV.  I
                 didn't mind the warm, stale
                 refrigerator.



     CANDLES BURN.  Tyler and Jack are seated across from each
     other on the buckled floor, reading MAGAZINES.  Rain DRIPS
     from the ceiling.  No furniture.  THOUSANDS of MAGAZINES.


                 The previous occupant had been a bit
                 of a shut-in.


                       
                 Hum.


                 What?


                 Oh, a new riot control grenade...
                       
                 "...the successful combination of
                 concussive, 3000 foot-candle flash-
                 blasts and simultaneous high-velocity
                 disbursement of...blah, blah, blah..."

     Tyler begins RIPPING the ARTICLE from his magazine.


                       
                 "I am Joe's Lungs."  It's written in
                 first person.  "Without me, Joe could
                 not take in oxygen to feed his red
                 blood cells."  There's a whole
                 series -- "I am Joe's Prostate."


                 "I get cancer, and I kill Joe."

     Tyler tosses his article in a pile of other articles,
     chooses another magazine.


                 What are you reading?


                 Soldier of Fortune.  Business Week.
                 New Republic.


                 Show-off.



     All the lights are off.  Jack and Tyler stand amidst FIFTEEN
     GUYS around TWO GUYS FIGHTING.  The crowd YELLS MORE WILDLY
     than before.  In the background are EIGHT PARKED CARS.


                 I should have been haggling with my
                 insurance company.  I should have
                 been looking for a new condo...



     Jack walks along.  He stops, looking at a CHURCH with
     SUPPORT-GROUP-PEOPLE milling around the entrance, drinking
     coffee and sodas.  Marla's there, amongst them, smoking.


                 .... I should have been upset about
                 my nice, neat, flaming little shit.

     Jack's face shows no reaction.  He continues to walk.


                 But I wasn't.



     Jack, in work clothes, interlocks his fingers and POPS his
     knuckles, picks up a saucepan with coffee and sips.  Tyler,
     in waiter's uniform, comes to have Jack straighten his tie.


                 Most of the week, we were Ozzie and
                 Harriet.

     Jack picks up his briefcase and walks out the door.


                 But, Wednesday night, ever Wednesday
                 night...



     All the lights are off.  No one around, but there are at
     least TWENTY-FIVE CARS parked in the full lot.


                 ... we were finding something out: we
                 were finding out, more and more, that
                 we were not alone.



     A SLIDE SHOW progresses, run by a chipper salesman, WALTER.
     Jack sits, deadpan, with a PUFFY LIP and a BRUISED cheek.


                 Thursday mornings, all I could do was
                 think about next week.

     Boss gives Jack a dubious look.  Walter's next SLIDE: a



                 The basic premise of cyber-netting
                 your office is -- make things more
                 efficient.


                 Can I get the icon in cornflower blue?


                 Absolutely.

     Walter continues, his sales pitch drowned out by Jack's V.O.:


                 Walter, the Microsoft account exec.
                 Walter, with his smooth, soft hands.
                 Maybe he was thinking about the free-
                 range potluck he'd been to last
                 weekend, or his church-group car-wash
                 fund-raiser.  Or, probably not.

     Walter moves to Jack and slaps him in the shoulder.


                 I showed this already to my man here.
                 You liked it, didn't you?

     Jack smiles.  His teeth are RED with BLOOD.  They GLOW
     eerily in the dim light.


                 You can swallow a pint of blood
                 before you get sick.


                 Jesus, I'd hate to see what happened
                 to the other guy.

     Jack keeps the smile frozen on his face.


                 Screw Walter.  His candy-ass wouldn't
                 last a second Wednesday night.



     Out of silent darkness, HEADLIGHTS appear from all
     directions.  CARS PULL UP and park in the already-packed
     lot.  YOUNG MEN get out and march into the tavern...



     The men, including Jack and Tyler, enter and stand against
     the back wall, waiting.  The bartender, IRVINE, calls out:


                 Drink up people.  We're closing.

     Irvine flicks on the LIGHTS.  Drunken customers squint and
     get the message.  They plop down money, leaving.


                 It was right in everyone's face.
                 Tyler and I just made it visible.

     Irvine hits a button and the JUKEBOX loses power.  Members
     of the waiting army begins to share secret looks.  Finally,
     one buy locks the door.  Two other guys close the blinds.


                 It was on the tip of everyone's
                 tongue.  Tyler and I just gave it a
                 name.



     A BOMB-SHELTER.  Concrete walls.  One BARE BULB above, Tyler
     standing directly beneath it.


                 Welcome to fight club.

     The guys mill around, finding partners.  Everyone brims with
     eagerness, but tries to act cool.  CHATTER gets LOUDER.
     Everyone spreads out, forming a circle, Tyler at center.


                 Every week, Tyler gave the rules that
                 he and I decided.

     PEAKING CHATTER, till Tyler raises his arms and the CHATTER
     DIES.  A couple of COUGHS, FEET SHUFFLING, then, SILENCE.


                 The first rule of fight club is --
                 you don't talk about fight club.  The
                 second rule of fight club is -- you
                 don't talk about fight club.  The
                 third rule of fight club is -- when
                 someone says "stop" or goes limp, the
                 fight is over.  Fourth rule is --
                 only two guys to a fight.  Fifth
                 rule -- one fight at a time.  Sixth
                 rule -- no shirts, no shoes.  Seventh
                 rule -- fights go on as long as they
                 have to.  And the eighth and final
                 rule -- if this is your first night
                 at fight club, you have to fight.

     Tyler steps back.  A short guy, RICKY, and a GOATEED MAN
     take off shirts and shoes and step to the center.


                 This kid, Ricky -- supply clerk --
                 couldn't remember whether you ordered
                 pens with blue ink or black ink ...

     The two fighters circle, then begin throwing PUNCHES...


                 But Ricky was a god for ten minutes
                 last week when he trounced an actuary
                 twice his size.

     Harder, faster PUNCHES between the two.  SWEAT flies.
     SHOUTS become DEAFENING.  Ricky's getting the best of
     Goateed Man, POUNDING him...


                 Sometimes all you could hear were
                 flat, hard packing sounds over the
                 yelling, or the wet choke when
                 someone caught their breath and
                 sprayed...


                       
                 Ssssstop... !



     Jack, eating lunch, watches the BROKEN-NOSED WAITER with a
     GOATEE -- from the above fight -- converse with a MAITRE D'.


                 Even if I could tell someone they had
                 a good fight, I wouldn't be talking
                 to the same man.

     The Goateed Waiter approaches Jack and sets a refill soda
     down on the table.  The two of them briefly make eye contact.


                 Who you were in fight club is not who
                 you were in the rest of the world.



     Jack stands over a copy machine, hit by flashes of light.
     He glances over his shoulder, watches Ricky, wearing an
     apron, push a supply cart.  Ricks nods at Jack.


                 You weren't alive anywhere like you
                 were there.  But fight club only
                 exists in the hours between when
                 fight club starts and when fight club
                 ends.



     Jack, playing SOLITAIRE on his computer, daubs blood from
     his mouth with a handkerchief.  Boss, passing by the
     doorway, looks in at Jack, irritated.


                 What are you getting yourself into
                 every week?

     Jack keeps playing Solitaire.  Boss enters, folds his arms.


                 After fight club, everything else in
                 your life gets the volume turned
                 down.  You can deal with anything.


                 Have you finished those reports?


                       
                 Yes.


                 The people who had power over you
                 have less and less.

     Jack looks at Boss.  Reflexively, Jack's tongue plays with
     his teeth.


                 By this point, I could wiggle most of
                 the teeth in my jaw.



     Tyler and Jack walk, both smoking cigarettes.


                 A guy came to fight club for the
                 first time, his ass was a wad of
                 cookie dough.  After a few weeks, he
                 was carved out of wood.


                 If you could fight any celebrity?


                 Alive or dead?


                 Doesn't matter.


                 Hemingway.  You?


                 Shatner.  William Shatner.

     They reach a BUS STOP as a BUS arrives, tossing their
     cigarettes, getting on board...



     The bus is crowded.  As Tyler and Jack walk toward the back,
     Jack studies the faces of OTHER PASSENGERS...


                 We all started seeing things
                 differently.  Wherever we went.

     They hold hand grips.  Jack looks up at an ADVERTISEMENT; a
     CALVIN KLEIN ad featuring a tan, bare-chested MUSCLE STUD.


                 I felt sorry for all the guys packing
                 into gyms, trying to look like what
                 Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger said
                 they should.

     Tyler looks at Jack, looks at the C.K. advertisement.


                 Self-improvement is masturbation.
                 Self-destruction is the answer.

     A MAN in a suit KNOCKS Tyler's shoulder as he passes.  The
     Man takes a handle, close by.  Jack's pissed, staring at the
     man, who stares back.


                       (to Tyler, so the
                        Man can hear)
                 You could take him.

     Tyler looks to Jack, glances over his shoulder at the Man.
     Tyler casually picks a small scab off Jack's nostril.


                 The trick is not to care.

     Tyler stares forward.



     Tyler HITS the floor, stomach first.  HIS OPPONENT lands on
     top of him, grappling, trying for a CHOKE HOLD.  The
     surrounding CROWD, Jack included, SCREAMS at them...

     Tyler and the Opponent wrestle desperately, and Tyler flips
     his attacker, gets on top, sprawling to pin him.  Tyler
     turns -- starts reining PUNCHES into the Opponent's GROIN...



     Jack lands a couple of BLOWS to HIS OPPONENT'S stomach --
     brings up a left uppercut that smashes the Opponent's jaw.
     Tiny spatters of BLOOD adorn the walls, along with sweat.

     Jack catches sight of a swollen-faced Tyler, watching
     appreciatively, a smile growing slowly on his face.


                 Fight club wasn't about winning or
                 losing.  It wasn't about words.

     The Opponent recovers, throws a headlock on Jack.  Jack
     snakes his arm into a counter headlock.  They wrestle like
     wild animals.  The crowd CHEERS maniacally.


                 They hysterical shouting was in
                 tongues, like at a Pentecostal church.

     Onlookers kneel to stay with the fight, cheering LOUDER.
     The Opponent SMASHES Jack's head to the floor, over and over.


                 ... stop...


                 When the fight was over, nothing was
                 solved, but nothing mattered.

     Everyone moves in as the Opponent steps away.  Tyler pushes
     through the crowd.  Others lift Jack up.  They turn their
     attention to the floor, to a BLOOD MASK of Jack's face --
     similar to the TEAR MASK on BOB'S SHIRT.


                 Cool.

     Jack limply shakes his Opponent's hand.


                 How about next week?


                 Look at me.  How about next month?

     Everyone helps Jack walk.  He's sweating, bleeding, smiling.


                 Afterwards, we all felt saved.



     A NURSE tends to Jack while Tyler watches.


                 He fell down some stairs.

     The Nurse doesn't look at Tyler, just keeps tending to Jack.


                 I fell down some stairs.


                 Sometimes Tyler spoke for me.



     Tyler and Jack share the cracked MIRROR.  Tyler's clipping
     at his hair with blunt, ill-suited SCISSORS.  Jack's
     brushing his teeth, spitting out pink foam.


                 Fight club became the reason to cut
                 your hair short and trim your
                 fingernails.


                 Any historical figure.


                 Okay... Ghandi.


                 Good answer.


                 You?


                 Abe Lincoln.  Big reach.  Skinny guys
                 fight till they're burger.

     Jack reaches in his mouth, exploring, pulls -- yanks a
     TOOTH.  Jack looks at it.  Tyler puts scissors down, done.


                 Remember, even the Mona Lisa's
                 falling apart.

     Jack drops the tooth in the sink with Tyler's hair.



     Jack enters, buttoning his shirt.  The PHONE RINGS.


                 Hello?





     Marla's in the HALL, on the PAYPHONE, twisting the phone
     cord around her neck.


                 Where have you been the last few
                 weeks?


                 Marla?

     Jack looks through the archway and sees Tyler, in his gummy
     flannel bathrobe, doing sit-ups.  Jack leans, cups the phone.


                       
                 How did you find me?


                 The forwarding number.  I haven't
                 seen you at any support groups.


                 That's the idea -- we split them.


                 You haven't been going to yours.


                 I found a new one.


                 Really?


                 It's for men.


                 Like testicular cancer?


                 Look, this is a bad time...


                 I've been going to debtor's
                 anonymous.  You want to see some
                 truly fucked up people?


                 I'm just on my way out...


                 Me too.  I got a stomach full of
                 Xanax.  I took what was left of a
                 bottle.  Might've been too much.

     Jack looks exasperated, turns TO LOOK INTO THE CAMERA.


                 Picture yourself watching Marla
                 Singer throw herself around her
                 crummy apartment.


                 This isn't a for-real suicide thing.
                 This is probably one of those cry-for-
                 help things.


                 This could go on for hours.


                 So you're staying in tonight?


                 Do you want to wait to hear me
                 describe death?

     Jack puts the handset on top of the phone, still off the
     hook, walks out the back door.


                 Do you want to listen and see if my
                 spirit can use the telephone?

     Thru the archway: Tyler leans to look in, curious.



     GRUNTS of PLEASURE and EXERTION.  Glimpses of TORSOS, ASSES,
     LEGS, ARMS, BREASTS, and FEMALE HAIR, all DRENCHED in SWEAT.
     Sheets RIP.  Bodies hit the FLOOR.  Insane GRUNTING and
     LAUGHING.  A flash of MARLA'S FACE.





     Jack sits up in bed, looks around the room.



     Jack steps out of his room.  The neighboring door is closed.


                 Tyler's door was closed.  I'd been
                 living here two months, and Tyler's
                 door was never closed.



     Jack stares into the TOILER, looking at SIX USED CONDOMS.



     Jack sits at the table, sips coffee, read Reader's Digest.
     He hears FOOTSTEPS approaching.


                 You're not going to believe what I
                 dreamt last night.

     Marla walks in, straightening her dress, looks like she's
     been raped by a hurricane.  Jack's jaw drops.


                 I can hardly believe anything about
                 last night.

     Marla goes to pour coffee.  She takes a swig, GARGLES and
     SPITS it in the sink.  She gives Jack a lascivious smile.


                 What are you doing here?


                 What... ?


                 What the hell are you doing here?

     Marla stares at him a beat, then drops the cup in the sink.


                 Fuck you.

     Marla shoves open the door to the backyard and walks out.
     Jack gets up, watches her stomp away.

     Jack turns and -- Tyler is at his shoulder, staring after
     Marla.  He's in his usual sweatpants.  He grins at Jack,
     then moves away, pours himself coffee.  Jack, smoldering,
     slumps at the table and picks up Reader's Digest.  Tyler
     puts his foot on a countertop, does stretching exercises.


                 She's a piece of work.  Get this --
                 I come in here last night, the
                 phone's off the hook...

     Jack pretends to read, quickly glances at Tyler.  TYLER'S



                 I already knew the story before he
                 told it to me.



     Tyler enters, gently lifts the handset and listens.


                       
                 I'll tell you when I'm floating out
                 of my body.

     Tyler smiles.


                 How could Tyler, off all people, think
                 it was a bad thing that Marla Singer
                 was about to die?



     Tyler, a wry smile on his face, ambles up the stiars,
     looking at the rotting walls.  He reaches the top of the
     stairs and heads for Marla's room.  Before he can knock,
     Marla's hand shoots out and grabs him...



     Marla pulls Tyler inside and shuts the door.  Her drugged
     eyes look him over.


                 You got here fast.

     She staggers and sits on the bed.  She slides off, along
     with the blanket and sheets, to the floor.


                 The mattresses are all sealed in
                 slippery plastic.

     She tries to focus her eyes on Tyler.


                 Did I call you?

     Tyler studies her with cynical curiosity, looks at a DILDO
     lying atop a dresser.  Marla follows his gaze.


                 Don't worry.  It's not a threat to you.

     SIRENS and vehicles SCREECHING outside can be HEARD; doors
     opening and SLAMMING; running FOOTFALLS.


                 Oh, no!  Somebody called the cops...

     She gets to her feet, grabs Tyler, pulls him out the door.



     Marla LOCKS her door, then pulls Tyler toward the STAIRCASE.
     COPS and PARAMEDICS charge up with oxygen and medical kits.
     Marla and Tyler flatten against the wall to let them pass.


                 8-G!  Where's 8-G?


                       
                 End of the hall.

     The rescuers keep running.


                       
                 The girl who lives there used to be
                 a charming, lovely girl, but she's
                 lost faith in herself...


                 Miss Singer, let us help you!  You
                 have every reason to live!

     Marla yanks Tyler's arm, heading down the stairs.


                 She's a monster!  Infectious human
                 waste!  Good luck trying to save her!



     Tyler makes coffee.  Marla slouches against the refrigerator.


                 If I fall asleep, I'm done for.
                 You're gonna have to keep me up all
                 night.



     Tyler chuckles, shakes his head.


                 Unbelievable, huh?


                 He was obviously able to handle it.

     Tyler stands across from Jack, gets a cigarette from a pack.


                 I mean, this girl... uh, you're not
                 into her or anything... ?


                 No.  Not at all.


                 I am Jack's Raging Bile Duct.

     Tyler lights his cigarette.


                 You're sure?


                 Yeah, I'm sure.


                 Good.  This chick was up on the table
                 with her legs in the stirrups before
                 the doctor even walked in the room.
                 The things that she said... I've
                 never heard a woman talk like that...



     Tyler smokes, post-coital.  Marla puts her lips to his ear.


                       
                 I want to have your abortion.



     Tyler laughs, shakes his head.  Jack's gripping his Reader's
     Digest just a little too tight.


                 How could Tyler not go for that?
                 Night before last, he was splicing
                 sex organs into "Little Mermaid."

     Tyler sits, studies Jack's face.


                 You're okay with this?


                 I'm fine.


                 Put a gun to my head and paint the
                 wall with my brains.

     Tyler smokes.


                 She is a wild, twisted bitch.  Stay
                 away from that one.


                 Oh, and my pace is more librarians.


                 Hey... don't knock librarians.


                 Marla doesn't need a lover.  She
                 needs a case worker.


                 She needs an exorcist.  This isn't
                 love.  This is sport-fucking.


                 She'd invaded my support groups, now
                 she's invading my home.


                 Listen... do me a favor... sit here
                 a minute...

     Tyler pulls out a closer chair, motions to it.  Jack puts
     down his Reader's Digest and moves to that chair.


                 What?


                 You've gotta understand something
                 about me.  I have a little rule,
                 okay?  Don't ever talk to her about
                 me.  Ever.  I can't stand that kind
                 of shit.

     Tyler fixes Jack with a friendly, but firm stare.


                 If you ever say anything about me or
                 about what happens here in this
                 house, to her or anyone -- I will
                 find out.  And you'll never see me
                 again.  Promise me.


                 Okay.


                 Promise you won't.


                 Yes, I promise.


                 Promise?


                 I said I promise!


                 That was three times you promised.

     Tyler smiles, gets up and leaves.  Jack sits smoldering.


                 If only I had wasted a couple of
                 minutes and gone to watch Marla die,
                 none of this would have happened.



     Jack watches TV at HIGH VOLUME.  SOUNDS of SEX from upstairs.



     Jack lies calmly on his bed, staring at the ceiling.  Sounds
     of THUMPS and CRASHES from beyond the wall.


                       
                 Miserable fucking discharge!


                 I could've moved to another room, one
                 on the third floor -- so I wouldn't
                 have heard them.  But I didn't.



     SOUNDS of RAIN.  Jack flips FUSES off, then walks upstairs.



     Jack walks, HEARS Marla SCREAM in orgasm.  He reaches the
     landing.  Tyler's door is ajar.  Jack peeks in...

     Marla's legs are sprawled on the bed.  The door PUSHES OPEN
     WIDER -- Tyler, naked, stands CLOSE TO CAMERA.


                 What are you doing?

     Jack steps back.


                 I... uh... just going to bed.

     Tyler scratches his head, wears a RUBBER GLOVE.


                 You want to finish her off?


                 Uh... nah...

     Jack continues toward his room.



     Jack brushes his teeth.


                 I became the calm, little center of
                 the world.  I was the Zen master.



     Haiku is BEING TYPED in a trendy, italicized font.

                              "Worker bees can leave
                               Even drones can fly away
                               The queen is their slave"


                 I wrote little haiku poems.



     Jack's clothes are PERMANENTLY STAINED with BLOOD.  He sits
     in Zen pose, cigarette in mouth, finishes typing Haiku.


                 I faxed them around to everyone.

     He hits "SEND," gets the "ERROR CHIME" SOUND.  He presses
     this key over and over.  Boss enters.


                 Is that your blood?


                 Some of it, yes.

     Boss stares at Jack like he's from Mars.


                 Take the rest of the day off.  Come
                 back tomorrow with clean clothes.
                 Get yourself together.



     Jack's leaving, looks like a war casualty, passing COWORKERS
     who coldly stare at him.  His face is totally passive.


                 I got right in everyone's hostile
                 little face.  Yes, these are bruises
                 from fighting.  I'm comfortable with
                 them.  I am enlightened.



     Jack walks toward the HOUSE.


                 You give up the condo life, give up
                 all your flaming worldly possessions,
                 go live in a dilapidated house in the
                 toxic waste part of town...



     Jack walks in.  SOUNDS of VIOLENT SEX and a POLAROID CAMERA
     from upstairs.  Pieces of PLASTER fall from the ceiling.


                 ... and you come home to this.


                       
                 You fucking slut!!


                 Thank you, sir, may I have another!
                 Thank you sir, may I have another... !

     Jack rolls his eyes, takes off his pants.  He runs water in
     the sink, finds a tiny bit of SOAP and scrubs at the blood
     stains.  The PHONE RINGS.  He answers it.


                 Yeah.  Speaking.





     A cop, DETECTIVE STERN, refers to a file.


                 This is Detective Stern with the
                 arson unit.  We have some new
                 information about the "incident" at
                 your condo.


                 Yes?


                 I don't know if you're aware... your
                 front door -- it seems someone
                 sprayed freon into the lock, then
                 tapped it with a chisel to shatter
                 the cylinder.


                 No, I wasn't aware...


                 I am Jack's Cold Sweat.


                 Does this sound strange to you?


                 Yes, sire, strange.  Very strange.

     Jack starts to sweat, scrubs his pants obsessively.


                 The dynamite...


                 Dynamite?


                 Yes.  It left a residue of ammonium
                 oxalate and potassium perchloride.
                 Do you know what that means?


                 What does that mean?


                 It means it was homemade.


                 This is... really a shock...


                 Whoever set this homemade dynamite
                 could've blown out the pilot light
                 days before the explosion.  The gas,
                 it seems, was just a detonator.


                 Who do you think could've done this?


                 I'll ask the questions, son.


                       
                 Tell him...

     Jack almost leaps out his skin, startled; looks to see Tyler
     standing right next to him.


                 Huh?


                       
                 "The liberator who destroyed my
                 property has re-aligned my paradigm
                 of perception."


                 Shhhhhh!
                       (into phone,
                        overlap w/above)
                 I don't know what to make of this,
                 sir, I really don't...


                 Do you know anyone who'd have the
                 expertise or motive to do something
                 like this?


                 "I reject the basic assumptions of
                 civilization, including material
                 possession."

     Jack pushes Tyler away, cups the receiving.


                       
                 No.  No, sir.  I loved that condo.
                 I loved every stick of furniture.
                 The lamps, the chairs, the rugs, were
                 me.  The dishes were me.  The plants
                 were...


                 I'd like to thank the academy...


                 Well, if any ideas come to you, give
                 me a call.  In the meantime, don't
                 leave town.  I may need to bring you
                 in for questioning.



     Jack hangs up.  Tyler shrugs.


                 Could be worse.  You could be cursed
                 with the three terrible Karmas.  You
                 could be beautiful, rich and famous.

     Jack turns away, continues to scrub his pants.  Marla's
     FOOTSTEPS can be HEARD coming downstairs...

     Jack really grinds the soap against the pants, splashing
     water.  He turns, sees Marla enter.  Tyler is GONE.  Marla
     lights a cigarette.


                 Except for their humping, Tyler and
                 Marla were never in the same room.


                 I got this dress at a thrift store
                 for one dollar.


                       
                 Worth every penny.


                 My parents pulled this exact act for
                 years -- one came in, the other
                 disappeared.

     Marla begins a slow, exotic dance, moving very close to
     Jack.  She lifts her dress dangerously high, dancing close
     to Jack's body, almost touhcing.


                       
                 It's a bridesmaid's dress.  Someone
                 loved it intensely for one day, then
                 tossed it.  Like a Christmas tree --
                 so special, then, bam -- it's
                 abandoned on the side of the road,
                 tinsel still clinging to it...

     Jack becomes very aware of having no pants on, presses
     against the counter.  Marla pulls her hemline further up.


                 Like sex crime victims, underwear
                 inside-out, bound with electrical
                 tape.


                       
                 It suits you.

     She leans in very close to Jack's ear, whispers hoarsely:


                 You can borrow it sometime.

     Jack takes a step away, keeps scrubbing.  Marla blows smoke
     in his face.  Jack takes her cigarette and throws it in the
     sink.  Marla backs away, fed up, storms out, going UPSTAIRS.


                 Get rid of her.

     Jack turns to see Tyler in the doorway.


                 You get rid of her.


                       
                 Don't mention me.

     Marla's FOOTSTEPS are coming DOWNSTAIRS.  Jack looks to the
     archway, then back at -- Tyler's GONE.  Marla enters, shoes
     and balled up clothing under one arm, looking for something
     on the junk strewn table.


                 I'm six years old again, passing
                 messages between my parents.


                 I, uh... think you should go now.

     Marla ignores, still searching the table, tossing things,
     pushing other things off to the floor.


                 It's time for you to leave.


                 Don't worry, I'm leaving.

     Marla finds what she wanted, a pack of cigarettes.  She
     moves up into Jack's face.


                 You're such a nutcase, I can't even
                 begin to keep up.


                 Goodbye.

     She laughs, spins on her heels.  As she exits the back door,
     she sings "This Merry-Go-Round" from "Valley of the Dolls."
     Jack watches her through the kitchen window.


                 Nice work.

     Jack turns.  Tyler's right behind him.  Through the window,
     Marla can be seen walking away.  Tyler picks up the remnant
     of SOAP Jack's been using, holds it up to Jack.


                 To make soap, first we have to render
                 fat.

     Jack looks at Tyler.





     Tyler stands inside the fence.  Jack's atop the fence,
     struggling to cross BARBED WIRE.  He wobbles, gets over,
     snags his shirt.  Jack falls, RIPPPPP.  Tyler helps.

     FOOTSTEPS.  A FLASHLIGHT BEAM.  Tyler pulls Jack behind a
     DUMPSTER, one of DOZENS.  A silhouette of a SECURITY GUARD
     moves along the perimeter, flashlight first.  He walks away.

     MOVE BACK to Tyler and Jack, who emerge from hiding.  Tyler
     eagerly grabs the lid of the closest dumpster.


                 The best fat for making soap --
                 because the salt balance is just
                 right -- comes form human bodies...

     Tyler lifts the lid -- it CREAKS.


                 What is this place?


                 A liposuction clinic.

     From the dumpster, Tyler pulls out an industrial-sized,
     thick plastic bag full of PINK GOO.


                 Paydirt.  From society's richest
                 asses and thighs.

     TIME CUT: Tyler and Jack climb back over the fence, carrying
     BAGS of fat.  One of Jack's bags RIPS, spilling the goo down
     the chain-link fench.  Jack slips and slides.  Tyler laughs.
     Tyler tries to scoop the running fat back into the bag.



     Jack and Tyler each stir a boiling pot.


                 As the fat renders, the tallow floats
                 to the surface.  Remember the crap
                 they taught you in Boy Scouts.


                 Hard to imagine you in Boy Scouts.


                 This clear layer in glycerin.  We'll
                 mix it back in when we make the soap.

     Tyler sticks a spoon into a pot, lifts up a scoop of the
     glycerin layer.  Then, he crabs a can, opens it.


                 Lye -- the crucial ingredient.
                       
                 Ancient peoples found their clothes
                 got cleaner if they washed them at a
                 certain spot in the river.  Why?
                 Because, human sacrifices were once
                 made on the hills above this river.
                 Year after year, bodies burnt.  Rain
                 feel.  Water seeped through the wood
                 ashes to become lye.  The lye
                 combined with the melted fat of the
                 bodies, till a thick white soapy
                 discharge crept into the river.

     Tyler licks his lips until they're gleaming wet.  He takes
     Jack's hands and KISSES the back of it.


                 The first soap was made from the
                 ashes of heroes.  Like the first
                 monkeys shot into space.

     The saliva shines in the shape of the kiss.  Tyler pours a
     bit of the flaked lye onto Jack's hand.


                 Without sacrifice, without death, we
                 would have nothing.

     Jack's whole body JERKS.  Tyler holds tight to Jack's hand
     and arm.  Tears well in Jack's eyes; his face tightens.


                 This is a chemical burn.  It will
                 hurt more than you've ever been
                 burned and you will have a scar.

     Jack looks -- the burn is swollen, glossy, in the shape of
     Tyler's kiss.  Jack's face spasms.


                 Tyler's kiss was a bonfire on the
                 back of my hand.


                 Look at your hand.


                 Guided meditation worked for cancer,
                 it could work for this.



     Tyler looks at Jack's glazed and detached eyes.


                 Come back to the pain.  Don't shut
                 this out.

     Jack, snapping back, tries to jerk his hand away.  Tyler
     keeps hold of it and their arms KNOCK UTENSILS off the table.


                 I tried not to think of the words
                 "searing" or "flesh."  I imagined my
                 pain as a ball of healing white light.



     Tyler JERKS Jack's hand, getting Jack's attention...


                 Stop it.  This is your pain -- your
                 burning hand.  It's right here.  Look
                 at it.


                 I was going to my cave to find my
                 power animal.



     Tyler JERKS Jack's hand again.  Jack re-focuses on Tyler...


                 Don't deal with this the way those
                 dead people do.  Deal with it the way
                 a living person does.




     Jack tries to pull his hand free.  Tyler won't let go.
     Jack's eyes glaze over again.  Jack speaks, whiny from pain:


                 I... I think I understand.  I think
                 I get it...


                 No, what you're feeling is premature
                 enlightenment.



     Tyler SLAPS Jack's face, regaining his attention...


                 This is the greatest moment of your
                 life and you're off somewhere,
                 missing it.


                 No, I'm not...




                 Shut up.  Our fathers were our models
                 for God.  And, if our fathers bailed,
                 what does that tell us about God?


                 I don't know...



     Tyler SLAPS Jack's face again...


                 Listen to me.  You have to consider
                 the possibility that God doesn't like
                 you, he never wanted you.  In all
                 probability, He hates you.  This is
                 not the worst thing that can happen...


                 It isn't... ?


                 We don't need him...


                 We don't... ?





     Jack is a wide-eyed zombie...


                 ... Marla ... ?


                 Fuck damnation.  Fuck redemption.  We
                 are God's unwanted children, with no
                 special place and no special
                 attention, and so be it.

     Jack looks at Tyler -- they lock eyes.  Jack does his best
     to stifle his spasms of pain, his body a quivering, coiled
     knot.  He bolts toward the sink, but Tyler holds on.


                 You can go to the sink and run water
                 over your hand.  Look at me.  Or you
                 can use vinegar to neutralize the
                 burn, but first you have to give up.
                 First, you have to know that someday,
                 you are going to die.  Until you know
                 that, you will be useless.

     Jack spasms with a shiver of pain...


                 You ... you don't know what this
                 feels like, Tyler.

     Tyler shows Jack a LYE-BURNED KISS SCAR on his own hand.
     Tears begin to drip from Jack's eyes.  Tyler grabs a bottle
     of VINEGAR -- pours it over Jack's wound.

     Jack closes his eyes, holds his hand... slumps to the floor.


                 Congratulations.  You're a step
                 closer to hitting bottom.



     Jack and Tyler, in trench coats, looking like deaht-warmed-
     over, wait as a BUYER fills out forms.

     There are bars of "The Paper Street Soap Company" soap on
     the counter.  Jack looks like he's half-expecting to get
     arrested.  His hand is BANDAGED.


                 Tyler sold the soap to department
                 stores at twenty bucks a Ear.  God
                 knows what they charged.  How ironic.
                 We were selling rich women their own
                 fat asses back to them.



     Jack sits at his desk, playing a game on his computer,
     smoking a cigarette.  Boss enters.


                 He was wearing a yellow tie.  It must
                 be Thursday.  I didn't even wear a tie
                 to work anymore.

     Boss slaps a piece of PAPER down on Jack's desk.


                 "The first rule of fight club is you
                 don't talk about fight club."

     Jack snuffs his cigarette in an ashtray, stares up stoically.


                 I must've left the original in the
                 copy machine.


                 "The second rule of fight club...
                 Is this yours?


                 Hmm?


                 You don't get paid to abuse the copy
                 machine.


                 "Abuse" the copy machine.  There's an
                 image.


                 Pretend you're me.  You find this.
                 What would you do?

     Jack rises slowly, walks to his door, shuts it.


                 Me? I'd be very careful who I talked
                 to about this.  It sounds like
                 someone dangerous wrote it... someone
                 who might snap at any moment,
                 stalking from office to office with
                 an Armalite AR-10 Carbine-gas
                 semiautomatic, bitterly pumping round
                 after round into colleagues and co-
                 workers.

     Jack moves very close to Boss, picks up the PAPER and starts
     tearing it into pieces.


                 Might be someone you've known for
                 years... somebody very close to you.
                 Or, maybe you shouldn't be bringing
                 me every little piece of trash you
                 pick up.

     Jack puts the PAPER in his trash.  Bass stares with a tinge
     of outrage, a tinge of fear.  PHONE RINGS.  Jack answers it.


                 Compliance and Liability.


                 My tit's going to rot off.


                 Just a second.
                       
                 Could you excuse me?  I need to take
                 this call.

     Boss goes to the door, stares at Jack a beat, then leaves.


                       
                 What are you talking about?




                 Would you do something for me?  I
                 need you to check and see if there's
                 a lump in my breast.  I can't afford
                 to throw money away on a doctor.


                 I don't know ...


                 Please.


                 She didn't call Tyler.  I'm neutral
                 in her book.



     Jack walks down the sidewalk, seeing Marla take two BOXES
     from a VAN with the sign "MEALS ON WHEELS."



     Marla leads Jack inside.


                 This is a sweet side of you.  Picking
                 these up for ...
                       
                 "Mrs. Haniver" and... "Mrs. Raines."
                 Where are they?


                 Tragically, they're dead.  I'm alive
                 and I'm in poverty.  You want any?


                 No, thanks.


                 Good.

     He stares at her while she eats.


                 What happened to your hand?

     Jack awkwardly puts his bandaged hand behind his back.


                 Nothing.



     Marla stands facing a MIRROR with her shirt open.  Jack
     stands behind her with his hand on the bottom side of her
     breast.  Marla's hand guides his.


                 Where?  Here?


                 Here.


                 There?


                 Here.


                 Here.


                 Feel anything?


                 No.

     Jack's head is behind Marla's.  They speak softer, slower.


                 Make sure.


                 Okay.  Okay, I'm sure.


                 You feel nothing?


                 Nothing.

     Marla turns around and faces him, begins to button her shirt.


                 Well, that's a relief.  Thank you.


                 No... no problem.


                 I wish I could return the favor.

     Jack touches his own chest, shakes his head.


                 I think everything's okay here.


                 I could check your prostate.


                 Uh ... nah.


                       
                 Well... thanks, anyway.

     Marla leans to kiss him -- lingers for a bit longer than
     just friendly.  Jack pulls away.


                 So.... are we done?

     Marla sighs.


                 Yeah, we're done.  See you around.



     Jack emerges from the lobby.  He looks up at Marla's window,
     watches her silhouette.  He walks away, right into -- Big
     BOB, the moose, eating a donut and drinking orange juice.


                 Cornelius!  How are you?


                 Bob.  I'm okay.  How are you?


                 Better than I've ever been in my life.


                 Really?  Great.  Still "Remaining Men
                 Together?"

     An intense look of born-again fervor comes over Bob's face.


                 No.  I found something new.


                 Really, what's that?


                       
                 The first rule is... you aren't
                 supposed to talk about it...


                 Oh.


                 And the second rule about it is...
                 you're not supposed to talk about it.
                 And the third rule...


                 Bob, Bob... I'm a member.


                 You are?!


                 Look at my face.

     Bob roughly slaps Jack's shoulder.


                 That's a fucking great, man!  Fucking
                 great! Congratulations.


                 Yeah, both of us.


                 You know about the guy who invented
                 it? I hear all kinds of things.
                 Supposedly, he was born in a mental
                 institution.  They say he only sleeps
                 one hour a night.  You know about
                 this guy?  Tyler Durden?



     The CROWD SCREAMS insanely as Bob and Jack go at it in the
     circle of light.  Bob's eyes are wild with glee.



     Everyone sneaks out of this new location - we've seen none
     of these guys before - it's a new chapter.  Jack and Bob
     Stagger out last, Jack being in worse shape.  They both grin
     with religious serenity.  Bob hugs Jack.


                 Thank you.  Thank you.

     Bob relaxes the hug and Jack drops to the ground like a
     sack, completely enervated from the beating he took.


                 You're welcome.


                 Fight club -- this was mine and
                 Tyler's gift... our gift to the world.



     Jack has his briefcase on the table, looks at PAPERWORK.
     Tyler wanders in, carries a dirty pot to the sink.  Jack
     takes out a cigarette, lights up.  He offers the pack...


                 No thanks, I quit.


                 You quit?


                 Yeah.  Where you headed?


                 Work.  Going to work.

     Tyler scratches his chin absently.


                 What... ?


                 Nothing.  Do what you like.

     Tyler walks out the way he came.



     Jack sits staring at his SCREEN SAVER.



     Jack steps into the open doorway, knocks on the doorframe.
     Boss looks up from his large, expensive desk.


                 We need to talk.


                 Okay.  Where to begin?  With your
                 constant absenteeism?  With your
                 unpresentable appearance?  You're up
                 for review...


                 I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Surprise.

     Boss sits up in his seat, becoming enraged.


                 Let's pretend.  You're the Department
                 of Transportation, and you discover
                 that our company intentionally did
                 nothing about leather seats cured in
                 third world countries with chemicals
                 we know cause birth defects?  Brake
                 linings that fail after a thousand
                 miles.  Fuel injectors that burn
                 people alive.


                 Just who the fuck do you think you
                 are?!  Get out!  You're fired!


                 What about this?  Keep me on payroll
                 as an outside consultant.  In
                 exchange for my salary, I'll keep my
                 mouth shut.  I won't need to come to
                 the office.  I can do this job from
                 home.

     Boss stands, moves around his desk, glaring with rage.


                 You little fucker!  I oughta...

     Jack PUNCHES HIMSELF in the nose.  Blood starts to trickle.
     He punches himself in the jaw, throws himself back as if by
     the force of the punch, SLAMS against a framed picture and
     SHATTERS the glass.  He falls to the floor.


                 I Am Jack's Smirking Revenge.

     Jack gets back to his feet.


                 Please... don't hit me again, please.
                 I'm your responsibility...

     He PUNCHES himself in the stomach, then in the jaw again.
     He reels backwards, pulls down a hanging shelf, its contents
     flying.  He hits the floor.


                 For some reason, I thought of my
                 first fight -- with Tyler.

     Jack crawls toward Boss, dripping blood, grabs Boss's leg.


                 Please... give me the paychecks like
                 I asked for.  I won't be any trouble.
                 You won't see me again.

     Jack climbs up Boss's leg while Boss tries to shake him off.
     Boss stumbles back into his desk, knocking off belongings.


                 Under and behind and inside
                 everything this man took for granted,
                 something horrible had been growing.

     Jack crawls high enough to grab Boss's belt, hoisting
     himself up.  He dribbles blood an Boss's clothing, SMUDGES
     blood from his face onto the knuckles of Boss's hand.


                 Please... please...


                 And right then, at our most excellent
                 moment together...

     Two SECURITY GUARDS enter and gape at the sight.  Behind
     them stand CURIOUS WORKERS, looking in.


                       
                 Please don't hit me again.



     Jack holds a CHECK in front of Tyler's face.


                 Six months advance pay.  Six months!


                 Fucking sweet.


                 Okay, and... and...

     Jack digs in his pocket, takes out a thick bundle of CARDS.


                 Forty-eight airline flight coupons.
                 Plus... hold on... just a minute...

     Jack holds up a finger, going to open the front door.  He
     drags an unwieldy SHOPPING CART in behind him; filled with
     his COMPUTER, PHONE, FAX and other office equipment.


                 I am now officially self-employed.

     Jack looks at the cart, then back at Tyler, proud.


                 Good for you.



     LOUD.  An enormous CROWD of guys, including Jack and Bob,
     stands around Tyler, who's in the center of the circle,
     holding up his hands to quiet them...


                 I look around... I look around and
                 see a lot of new faces.

     An enthusiastic RUMBLE from the crowd.


                 Shut up!  Which means a lot of you
                 have been breaking the first two
                 rules of fight club.

     A glum silence falls.  Guys look at each other.


                 I see in fight club the strongest and
                 smartest men who have ever lived --
                 an entire generation pumping gas and
                 waiting tables; or they're slaves
                 with white collars.
                             

                             TYLER 
                 Advertisements have them chasing cars
                 and clothes, working jobs they hate
                 so they can buy shit they don't need.
                 We are the middle children of
                 history, with no purpose or place.
                 We have no great war, or great
                 depression.  The great war is a
                 spiritual war.  The great depression
                 is our lives.  We were raised by
                 television to believe that we'd be
                 millionaires and movie gods and rock
                 stars -- but we won't.  And we're
                 learning that fact.  And we're very,
                 very pissed-off.

     The crowd erupts into a DEAFENING CHORUS of agreement.  Jack
     looks at the blazing excitement in the eyes of the crowd.


                 We are the quiet young men who listen
                 until it's time to decide.

     A fat, MIDDLE-AGED MAN stomps down the stairs, pushing into
     the crowd, followed by a TALL, HEFTY THUG who holds a GUM.


                 Who are you?


                 Who am I?!  There's a sign on the
                 front that says "Lou's Tavern." I'm
                 fucking Lou.  Who the fuck are you?!


                 Tyler Durden.

     Tyler extends his hand for a shake, but Lou SLAPS it away.


                 Who told you motherfuckers you could
                 use my place?


                 We have a deal worked out with Irvine.


                 Irvine?  Irvine's at home with a
                 broken collarbone.

     Everyone glances guiltily at each other.


                 He don't own this place, I do.  How
                 much money's he getting for this?


                 There is no money.


                 Really?


                 It's free to all.


                 Ain't that something?


                 Yes, it is.


                 Look, stupid fuck, I want everyone
                 outta here now!


                 You're welcome to join our club.


                 Did you hear what I just said?!


                 You and your friend.

     Lou SLUGS Tyler in the stomach, doubles him over.


                 You hear me now?

     Tyler gains his breath, determined.  He looks up, turns his
     head, looking to Jack.  Jack watches, wide-eyed.

     Tyler straightens, facing Lou.


                 No, I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.

     Lou PUNCHES Tyler in the face.  Some of the guys move
     forward, but the Thug points his gun.  Jack-runs forward
     anyway -- Lou PUNCHES him in the face.

     More guys move forward, but Tyler waves them off, facing Lou.


                 We really need to use this place.

     Lou proceeds to beat the shit out of Tyler, PUNCHING his
     face, his stomach.  Tyler collapses to the floor.  Lou
     starts KICKING his.  Tyler bleeds from the mouth and face.


                 That's it.... that's good.  Get it
                 all out.  You'll feel better.

     Lou flushes red with exasperation, KICKS more.  Finally,
     sweating, bewildered, Lou stops.  He looks to the Thug, who
     is just as bewildered.

     Suddenly, Tyler SPRINGS UP, grabs onto Lou...


                 Yes, I am shit and crazy, to you and
                 this whole fucking world...

     Tyler's blood spatters on Lou.  Lou tries to shake Tyler
     off, but Tyler BITES Lou's NECKTIE.  The Thug grabs Tyler
     and pulls, the necktie tightening and strangling Lou.  Lou
     slaps at Tyler's face, but recoils from the blood.  Tyler
     spits and shouts through clenched teeth...


                 You don't know where I've been.

     Tyler bear hugs Lou, pulls him to the floor.  Tyler rubs his
     bloody face into Lou's face.  The Thug lifts Tyler.  Tyler
     clings to Lou's belt, dragging Lou as he is dragged...


                 We need this place.  We need it.
                 Please let us keep it, please...

     Blood dribbles out of Tyler's mouth, spattering Lou.


                 What are you doing?!


                 Pleeeeeease!


                 Okay!  Okay, fuck it!  Use the
                 basement!  Get off me!


                 We need some towels, Lou.  We need
                 replacement light bulbs.


                 Alright, Christ!  Fucking let me go!


                 Thank you.  Thank you, sir...


                 Let go of me!!

     Tyler lets go of Lou's belt.  Lou scrambles away.  The Thug
     drops Tyler, trying to keep clear of the blood.  Lou gets to
     his feet, looks at Tyler, then at the rest of the guys.  He
     and the Thug back away... slamming the door behind.

     Fight club surrounds Tyler.  They help him up, move him to
     a crate.  Tyler sits slumped for a long moment, his
     breathing labored... then, he sits back, crossing his legs
     and looking to the group, his demeanor businesslike.


                 This week, each of you has a homework
                 assignment.  You're going to go out
                 and start a fight with a total
                 stranger...
                       
                 You're going to start a fight... and
                 you're going to lose.

     Jack beams in appreciation.



     Ricky trips a passing YUPPIE.  The Yuppie falls.


                 Not as easy as it sounds.  People'll
                 do just about anything to avoid a
                 fight.

     The Yuppies gets up, angry, and Ricky PUNCHES him...


                 Hey!  Wha... What the hell... what
                 are you doing?!  Who are you?!!

     The Yuppie backs away.  Ricky follows...


                 Get away from me!  Keep away!


     Ricky TACKLES the Yuppie.  The Yuppie struggles spastically.


                 Who are you!?  Why are you attacking
                 me... ?!

     Having no recourse, the Yuppie begins trading blows.



     A MECHANIC WITH A BATTERED FACE uses a hose to wash the
     sidewalk.  As MEN pass, he jerks the hose up and SPRAYS them.


                 Hey... hey...


                 Watch out, jackass!

     These men continue on their way.

     The Mechanic sprays a third man, a SEMINARY STUDENT, who
     looks down, stunned.


                 You... you did that on purpose!

     The Mechanic DOUSES the Seminarian.  The Seminarian grabs
     the hose, wrestling the Mechanic for it.  The Mechanic
     shoves the Seminarian, who responds with a half-assed PUNCH.
     The Mechanic purposely takes it.  The Seminarian starts to
     run away.  The Mechanic sprints after him, PUNCHING the
     Seminarian in the back of the neck.  They fight.



     A FIST smashes a JAW.  Guys CHEER.  An arm snakes around a
     neck and squeezes, blood and sweat dripping.  It's the
     YUPPIE and the SEMINARIAN fighting.  Tyler walks around the
     perimeter of the circle.


                 Now nobody was the center of fight
                 club except the two men fighting.
                 The leader walked around in the
                 crowd, out in the darkness.

     Tyler hands ENVELOPES out to the crowd.


                 Everyone took a homework assignment.



     Ricky and another FIGHT CLUBBER paste up a BILLBOARD which
     reads: "DID YOU KNOW? YOU CAN USE YOUR OLD MOTOR OIL TO




     HANDS use a MARKER, writing on a FILE: "Disinformation."



     Jack and Tyler, in work gloves, armed with TOOLS, work
     together to lift the entire METAL PLATE of EXIT SPIKES from
     the ground.  They reverse it, then replace it.



     Jack and Tyler walk away, each carrying a 4x4 plank of WOOD.


                 There's fight club in Delaware City.


                 I heard.  Local 15, Monday nights.

     As they pass PARKED CARS, they SWING the planks against
     front bumpers -- activating ALARMS and INFLATING AIR BAGS...


                 Local 8 just started in Penns Grove.
                 And, Bob said he was at fight club in
                 Newcastle last week.


                 Newcastle?  Did you start that one?


                 I thought you did.

     In the background, a CAR quickly EXITS the parking lot --
     front tires EXPLODING, wheel rims throwing sparks.



     FATHER, MOTHER, YOUNG DAUGHTER and SON, eat dinner, watching
     TELEVISION.  Suddenly, the TV IMAGE turns to SNOW and static.

     Family members stop eating.  Father picks up the REMOTE,
     points it -- all channels are SNOW.

     Father turns the TV OFF.  He and his family members look at
     each other, utensils in hand, uncomfortable.



     The Yuppie SWINGS a BASEBALL BAT -- DESTROYS a digital
     SATELLITE DISH.  The Yuppie and the Seminarian move on,
     climbing to a neighboring rooftop.  They come upon another
     DISH.  The Seminarian takes the bat, takes a SWING...



     HANDS place NEWS CLIPPINGS into a FILE: "Mischief."



     Two AIRPLANE MAINTENANCE,MEN, with bruised faces, rip open
     a box from a PRINT SHOP.  They dig up AIRPLANE SAFETY
     INSTRUCTION CARDS and begin inserting them into each
     seatback.  We SEE a CARD - it shows passengers SCREAMING
     and FLAILING ABOUT IN TERROR.



     Huge office.  Rows and rows of desks.  FIGHT CLUB MEMBERS
     work: one guy moving from COMPUTER MONITOR to COMPUTER
     MONITOR, using a DRILL to drill a hole into the top of each.

     Other guys follow behind, with FUNNELS and CANS of GASOLINE,
     filling each monitor with gasoline.



     Files and newspaper clippings are piled up.  HANDS write on
     a new FILE FOLDER: "Arson."



     The Yuppie crumbles a loaf of stale bread into a bucket,
     stirring it with a big spoon, mixing in a BOTTLE of EX-LAX.

     Nearby, Rob throws handfuls of wet BREADCRUMBS to PIGEONS...
     HUNDREDS of PIGEONS -- a rooftop feeding-frenzy.



     Tyler and Jack cross the parking lot, towards the
     convenience store.  Jack wears a BACKPACK.


                 Let me have that a minute...

     Tyler takes the BACKPACK, unzips it, searching the contents.


                 What are we doing?


                 Homework assignment.


                 What is it?

     Tyler takes out a HANDGUN, hands the backpack back.


                 Human Sacrifice.

     Jack turns white, staring at the gun.



     The BACK DOOR opens and Tyler brings the store's CLERK out
     at gunpoint, forces him to his knees.  Jack follows,
     freaked.  Tyler points the gun at the Clerk.


                 On a long enough time line, the
                 survival rate for everyone drops to
                 zero.


                 Please... don't...


                 Give me your wallet.

     The Clerk fumbles his wallet out of his pocket and Tyler
     snatches it.  Tyler pulls out the DRIVER'S LICENCE.


                 Raymond K. Hessel. 1320 SE Benning,
                 apartment A.  A small, cramped
                 basement apartment.


                 How'd you know?


                 They give basement apartments letters
                 instead of numbers.  Raymond, you're
                 going to die.

     Tyler rummages through the wallet.


                 Is this a picture of Mom and Dad?


                 Yesssss...


                 Your mom and dad will have to call
                 kindly doctor so-and-so to dig up
                 your dental records, because there
                 won't be much left of your face.


                 Please, God, no...

     Raymond begins to weep, shoulders heaving.


                 Tyler...


                 An expired community college student
                 ID card.  What did you used to study,
                 Raymond K. Hessel?


                 S-S-Stuff.


                 "Stuff."  Were the mid-terms hard?

     Tyler rams the gun barrel against Raymond's temple.


                 I asked you what you studied.


                 Tell him!


                 Biology, mostly.


                 Why?


                 I... I don't know...


                 What did you want to be, Raymond K.
                 Hessel?

     Raymond weeps and says nothing.  Tyler COCKS the gun.
     Raymond GASPS.


                 The question, Raymond, was "what did
                 you want to be?"

     A beat.


                 Answer him!


                 A veterinarian!


                 Animals.


                 Yeah ... animals and s-s-s ---


                 Stuff.  That means you have to get
                 more schooling.


                 Too much school.

     Tyler shoves Raymond's wallet back into Raymond's pocket.


                 Would you rather be dead?


                 No, please, no, God, no!

     Tyler moves the gun right between Raymond's eyes.




     Tyler UNCOCKS the gun, lowers it.


                 I'm keeping your license.  I know
                 where you live.  I'm going to check
                 on you.  If you aren't back in school
                 and on your way to being a
                 veterinarian in six weeks, you will
                 be dead.  Get the hell out of here.

     Raymond staggers to his feet, heads down an alleyway.  Jack
     and Tyler watch Raymond flee, then Tyler looks at Jack.


                   I feel sick.


                   Imagine how he feels.

     Tyler brings the gun to his own head, pulls the trigger --
     CLICK.  Empty.


                 I don't care, that was horrible.

     Tyler walks away.


                 Tomorrow will be the most beautiful
                 day of Raymond K. Hessell's life.

     Jack watches Tyler go.


                 His breakfast will taste better than
                 any meal he has ever eaten.

     Jack turns to look the direction Raymond ran.  He finally
     turns back, following after Tyler.



     SLOW MOTION: in the deserted office, gasoline filled
     COMPUTER MONITORS begin to EXPLODE...BOOM...BOOM...BOOM... !



     Luxury AUTOMOBILES are parked, splattered with BIRD SHIT.



     VIEWED OUT 3RD STORY WINDOW: Tyler uses a RAKE, dragging it
     across rocks and dirt.  He stops a moment, rake on his
     shoulder, staring off.  Then, back to work...


                       
                 ... You are not how much money you
                 have in the bank.  You are not the
                 shoes you wear.

     Tyler's marking a large SQUARE in the weeds and rubble of
     the backyard, kicking rocks away, dragging the rake...


                 You are not the contents of your
                 wallet...



     The DRIVER has a broken nose.  The bus is empty, except for
     Jack, in the very last seat, sleepy.


                 He had a plan.  Maybe you just didn't
                 see it till it hit you between the
                 eyes.
                       
                 But, it started to make sense... in
                 a Tyler sort of way.  No fear.  No
                 distractions.  The ability to let
                 that which does not matter truly
                 slide.



     Jack gets off the bus.  As the bus pulls away, we see it
     dropped Jack off right in front of the house.



     Jack enters.  Tyler, dressed in FATIGUES and splattered with
     PAINT, grabs BEERS from the refrigerator.


                 Hey.


                 Hey.

     Jack notices ROPE and RAPPELLING TOOLS on the table.  Tyler
     comes to hand Jack a bunch of beers, nod to the living room.


                 Go on in.  We're celebrating.



     Jack, bewildered, enters carrying beers.  Tyler does NOT
     follow.  BOB, RICKY and several other fight club guys sit in
     front at the TV, chanting not too loudly, all also dressed
     in FATIGUES and splattered with PAINT.


                 You are not your job.


                 You are not your job.


                 You are not how much money you have
                 in the bank.


                 Shhhh, wait... they're back to it...

     Bob goes to turn up the TV.  One guy, sixteen years old with
     an angelic face, ANGEL FACE, gets up to take beer from Jack.


                       
                 Great, thanks.

     Angel face starts distributing beer amongst his cohorts.


                 Shhhhh!  Watch!

     Jack looks to the TV -- it shows a LIVE shot of the "PARKER
     MORRIS BUILDING."  The building has a GIANT, GRINNING FACE
     PAINTED on it -- two BROKEN WINDOWS for EYES, with flames
     pouring out... FIRETRUCKS spray water.


                 Police Commissioner Jacobs has just
                 arrived... just a second... excuse
                 me, Commissioner, could you tell us
                 what you think has happened?

     COMMISSIONER JACOBS, a wrinkled official, turns to camera.


                 We believe this is related to the
                 recent acts of vandalism around the
                 city.  It's some kind of organized
                 group, and we are coordinating a
                 rigorous investigation.

     Jack turns, sees Tyler in the archway, watching him.  Tyler
     tips his beer to toast, pulls back, out of sight.


                 What did you guys do?

     They all BURST INTO LAUGHTER.  They look at Jack and shake
     their heads.  Jack doesn't get it.  Suddenly, the guys'
     faces turn to stone.  Bob sits rigid.


                 The first rule of Project Mayhem
                 is... you do not ask questions.

     Jack stares at them.





     A luxurious BANQUET.  Commissioner Jacobs guzzles champagne.
     He rises and starts out of the room.  Jack, in a WAITER'S
     UNIFORM, looks apprehensively to OTHER WAITERS: BOB...
     RICKY... ANGEL FACE -- who all give each other a look.



     Jacobs saunters down an empty hall.  He stops to check his
     tie in a mirror.  He pushes open the door of the MEN'S
     BATHROOM -- face to face with TYLER.



     Tyler GRABS Commissioner Jacobs, pulling him into the
     bathroom.  He slaps a piece of tape over Jacobs' mouth.  The
     OTHER "WAITERS" rush in.  Jack stays back to keep the door
     shut.  Tyler and the others hold Jacobs, pulling down his
     pants.  Bob snaps a rubber band -- reaches to Jacob s crotch.


                 Wrap it around the top of his hackie-
                 sack.


                 Man, his balls are ice cold.

     Ricky produces a KNIFE, moves it down to Jacob's testicles.
     Jacobs is bug-eyed.  Jack, red-faced, keeps his distance.


                 You're not going to continue your
                 "rigorous investigation."  You will
                 publicly state that there is no
                 underground group.  Or -- imagine,
                 the rest of your life with your
                 scrotum flapping empty.


                       
                 ... no... please, no...


                 We'll send one to the New York Times
                 and one to the Los Angeles Times.
                 Press release style.  Your nuts will
                 be bicoastal.  Understood?  The
                 people you're after are everyone you
                 depend on.
                             

                             TYLER 
                 We do your laundry, cook your food
                 and serve you dinner.  We guard you
                 while you sleep.  We drive your
                 ambulances.  Do not fuck with us.

     Ricky makes a dramatic cut with the knife, causing Jacobs to
     JUMP -- Ricky holds up the severed RUBBER BAND.



     Jack, Tyler and the others file quickly out the back SERVICE
     ENTRANCE.  Tyler gives Angel Face a hearty slap on the back.
     Angel Face smiles at Tyler, nods, grinning.

     Jack sees this, his eyes narrowing, stops walking.



     Fight club in full swing.  Jack battles Angel Face, BEATING
     the shit out of him with unprecedented viciousness.


                 I felt like putting a bullet between
                 the eyes of every Panda that wouldn't
                 screw to save its species.

     The crowd shouts maniacally, save Tyler, who watches with an
     inscrutable stone face.

     Angel Face tries to speak, but Jack POUNDS too hard.  Blood
     flies.  The crowd begins to grow QUIETER.


                 I wanted to open the dump valves on
                 oil tankers and smother all the
                 French beaches I'd never see.

     Finally, Angel Face lies still, unconscious.  Jack stops,
     stares down, numb.  Jack walks away -- the crowd parts to
     let him pass.  Jack scans faces... finds Tyler.


                 Where did you go, Psycho-Boy?


                 I felt like destroying something
                 beautiful.



     RAINING.  Tyler and Jack walk through pools of streetlight.
     A idling car HONKS.  Tyler leads Jack toward it.  A bruised-
     faced VALET PARKER thrown keys to Tyler, but Jack intercepts.


                 There you are, Mr. Durden.  Airport
                 parking, long term.


                       
                 After you, Mr. Durden...


                 No... after you.



     Tyler gets in the driver's seat.  Jack gets into the front
     passenger seat.  Ricky and the mechanic are in back.



     Tyler pulls the stolen car away from the curb.  It has two
     bumperstickers: "RECYCLE YOUR ANIMALS" and "MAKE MINE VEAL."



     RAIN GUSHES down.  Jack stews, silent.  The car moves down
     a HIGHWAY, intermittently illuminated by oncoming headlights.


                 Something on your mind?


                 No.

     Tyler shrugs; turns on the RADIO, ignores Jack.


                 Why wasn't I told about "Project
                 Mayhem?"


                 What should I have told you?


                 Why wasn't I involved from the
                 beginning?  You and I started fight
                 club together.


                 Fight club was the beginning.  Now
                 it's out of the basements and there's a
                 name for it -- Project Mayhem.


                       
                 The first rule of Project Mayhem is
                 you do not ask questions.


                 This is as much mine as yours.


                 Is this a needlepoint club?  Is it
                 about you and me?


                 You know what I mean.


                 What do you want?  A statement of
                 purpose... ?


                 Look...


                 Should I E-mail you?  Should I put
                 this on your "action item list?"


                 I want to know --


                 What do you want to know about
                 Project Mayhem?


                       
                 The first rule of Project Mayhem --


                       
                 Shut up!!
                       
                 I want to know what's going on.

     Tyler steers the car into the opposite lane, accelerates...
     Opposing HEADLIGHTS get closer fast...


                 This does not belong to us.  We are
                 not the leaders.  We are not special.


                 What are you doing?!


                 We are the all-singing, all-dancing
                 crap of the world.  We are all part
                 of the same compost heap...


                 Tyler...

     Tyler steers back into the proper lane.  The other CAR flies
     past, HORN SOUNDING...


                 What the hell ... ?!


                 You choose your level of involvement.
                 I won't make decisions for you.


                 I'm not asking you to.


                 You're asking questions that don't
                 have answers.  You know just as much
                 about Project Mayhem as anybody else.


                 I don't think that's true.

     Tyler again steers into the oncoming lane, speeding up.
     Through the windshield: oncoming headlights -- a TRUCK.


                 Tyler... what is this... !

     Jack fights	to turn the wheel, but Tyler uses both hands.


                 What will you wish you'd done before
                 you died?


                 Paint a self-portrait.


                 Build a house.


                       
                 And you?


                 I don't know!  Nothing!


                 If you died right now, how would you
                 feel about your life?


                 I would feel nothing about my life?
                 Is that what you want to hear?!

     The oncoming truck HONKS and FLASHES its LIGHTS.  It moves
     to the other side of the road.  Tyler steers there, too.


                 I want to hear the truth.


                 Fuck my life.  Fuck fight club.  Fuck
                 you and fuck Marla.  I'm sick of
                 this.  How's that?


                 Why do you think I blew up your condo?


                 What?


                 Hitting bottom isn't a weekend
                 retreat!  It's not a seminar!  You
                 have to forget everything you know,
                 everything you think you know --
                 about life, about friendship, about
                 you and me.

     Nearing impact with the oncoming truck, Tyler takes his
     hands off the wheel -- Jack keeps his grip, turns the
     wheel... the car swerves...

     The truck ROARS past, spraying water, HORN BLASTING.

     Tyler looks at Jack, his hands in the air.  Jack looks at
     Tyler with dead eyes.


                 Okay, okay... fine...

     Jack takes his hands off the wheel, holds them in the air.
     Tyler studies Jack face, impressed.  Tyler makes no move to
     take the wheel.

     THROUGH THR WINDSHIELD: a STALLED CAR ahead on the side of
     the road, surrounded by flares.

     Jack and Tyler's eyes stay locked as the car drifts onto the
     shoulder... heading for the stalled car.  Their faces are
     illuminated by the light of the flares.  Tyler smiles.

     They SMASH into the stalled car -- AIRBAGS INFLATE!  The
     back of their car whips around and carries it into a ass-
     over-tea-kettle ROLL down a hill...


                 I'd never been in a car accident.
                 This must've been what all those
                 statistics felt like before I filed
                 them into my reports.

     The car finally hits the bottom, lying on its roof.



     Tyler crawls from the passenger side.  He walks around...
     opens the driver's side door and drags Jack out into the
     mud.  Ricky and the Mechanic climb out the broken rear
     window.  Tyler sits beside the stunned, wounded Jack.


                 We just had a near-life experience.



     Jack lies in bed, traumatized, eyes empty, staring at the
     ceiling.  Tyler sits in a nearby chair.


                 In the world I see -- you're stalking
                 elk through the damp canyon forests
                 around the ruins of Rockefeller
                 Center.  You will wear leather
                 clothes that last you the rest of
                 your life.  You will climb the wrist-
                 thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears
                 Tower.  You will see tiny figures
                 pounding corn and laying-strips of
                 venison on the empty car pool lane of
                 the ruins of a superhighway.

     Tyler stands, gives Jack's head a pat.


                       
                 Feel better, champ.



     Jack sits at the table, sips coffee.  He's pale, dazed,
     seems broken.  He hears the faint SOUND of SAWING and
     HAMMERING, unsure of where it's coming from.

     Marla walks into the kitchen and goes straight to the
     counter.  Her back is to Jack as he looks at her.  She pours
     ccffee and lights a cigarette.  A beat of silence, then:


                 I'll be out of your way in a sec.

     She seems to be as weak as Jack.


                 You... don't have to... leave.


                 Whatever.


                 Really... I mean it.
                       
                 Have you been going to your groups?


                 Chloe's dead.


                 When?


                 Do you care?


                 I don't know.


                 It was the smart move on her part.

     Marla turns to face Jack, a grim expression on her face.
     There's a BRUISE on her ARM.  Jack gets up, moves closer.


                 Why are we both... caught up like
                 this... with... ?


                 I came so close to saying Tyler's
                 name, I could feel it vibrate inside
                 my mouth.

     Marla looks a him, waiting.


                 I don't understand.  Why does a weak
                 person have to go out and find a
                 strong person... to hang onto?


                 What do you get out of it?

     Faint SOUND of SAWING and HAMMERING.  Jack can't quite
     figure where it's coming from.


                 You hear that?


                 Hear what?


                 That... sawing and hammering.


                 Have we been talking too long?  Must
                 we change the subject?

     Jack turns -- through the crack of the open basement door,
     Tyler's staring at Jack from the bottom of the stairs.


                       
                 You're not talking about me, are you?

     Jack reacts, turns back to Marla.


                       
                 No.


                 That day you came over to my place to
                 play doctor... what was going on
                 there?


                       
                 What are you talking about?


                       
                 Nothing.


                 Nothing?  I don't think so.


                       
                 This conversation...


                 This conversation...


                 ... is over.


                 ... is over.

     Marla comes to touch Jack's hair.  Jack closes the basement
     door.  Marla sees the kiss-scar on Jack's hand, grabs his
     hand.  Jack tries to pull it back, but Marla keeps a grip.


                 What is this?  Who did this?


                 ... A person.


                 Guy or girl?


                 Why would you ask if it's a guy or a
                 girl?!


                 Why would you get bent if I asked?


                 Let go of me...
                       
                 Leave me alone.


                 You're afraid to say.

     Marla backs away, closes her eyes, struggling with
     frustration.  She leaves out the back door, not looking back.

     Jack leans against the wall.  After a moment, he opens the
     basement door, heads downstairs...



     Tyler walks upstairs, passing as Jack continues down...



     Jack looks around.  TRIPLE-DECKER BUNKS clutter the
     basement, as many as can fit into the space.


                       
                 Tyler... ?  What's this for?

     From upstairs, the SOUND of the DOORBELL.



     Jack opens the door.  Ricky stands on the porch, staring
     ahead in subordinate military style.  He's in black pants,
     black shirt, black shoes, holds a PAPER BAG, with an army
     surplus MATTRESS rolled-up at his feet.


                 Um... what can I do for you, Ricky?

     Tyler steps up beside Jack, looks Ricky over.


                 You're too young.  Sorry.


                 Wait a minute...

     Tyler comes back inside, shuts the door.


                 "Too young?"


                 If the applicant is young, we tell
                 him he's too young.  Old, too old.
                 Fat, too fat.


                 "Applicant?"


                 If the applicant waits at the door
                 for three days without food, shelter
                 or encouragement, then he can enter
                 and begin training.


                 "Training?"  Tyler...



     Jack comes out, walks around Ricky, hands in his pockets,
     unsure.  Tyler watches, nods for Jack to go ahead.


                 Uh, look.  You're too... young to...
                 train here.  You should probably be
                 on you way.

     No response from Ricky, who remains at attention.  Jack goes
     back inside.  Tyler closes the door.



     Ricky remains at attention.  Jack bursts out with a BROOM,
     knocks the brown bag out of Ricky's hand, kicks it away.


                 Are you deaf?!  I told you to leave!
                 You will never get inside this house!



     Ricky's still there.  Tyler comes out, friendly.


                 Look, friend, I'm sorry for the
                 misunderstanding.  It's not the end
                 of the world.  Just go away.  You're
                 trespassing and I will call the
                 police.  Nothing personal.



     Ricky, same spot.  Jack bursts outside with the broom again.


                 You're never getting through this
                 door, you stupid little weasel!  Look
                 at me when I talk to you... !

     He WHACKS Ricky in the shoulder with the broom.


                 What is your major malfunction!?



     At the window, Tyler sips coffee, watches this scene on the
     PORCH below.


                 Sooner or later, we all became what
                 Tyler wanted us to be.



     Ricky's there.  Bob is now next to him, in black, with a
     paper bag in hand, mattress at his feet.  Tyler steps out.
     Jack stays in the doorway, locking eyes on Bob.  To all the
     following questions, Ricky answers "Sir!" --


                 You have two black shirts?  Two pair
                 black trousers?  One pair black
                 boots?  Two pair black socks?  One
                 black coat?  Three hundred dollars
                 personal burial money?  Go inside.

     Ricky goes in.  Tyler turns to Bob.


                 You're too old.  Sorry.  And, you're
                 too fat.  Nice seeing you.

     Bob looks genuinely hurt.  He picks up his mattress and
     starts away.  Tyler looks at Jack and rolls his eyes.  Jack
     follows Bob...


                 Bob... Bob, wait...
                       
                 Let me explain this to you...



     CRICKETS CHIRP.  Bob stands at at rigid attention.



     Tyler and Jack stand in bathroom doorway, watching Ricky
     finish SHAVING off all of his HAIR.  Tyler comes to give the
     top of Ricky's head a sharp SLAP.


                 A monkey, ready to be shot into
                 space.  A Space Monkey, ready to
                 sacrifice himself for Project Mayhem.

     From here on, all those with shaved heads: "SPACE MONKEYS."



     Jack looks out the window.  Bob stands motionless.  There's
     another "applicant," a SHORT GUY, beside Bob.  Ricky comes
     out the front door with the BROOM...


                       
                 You're too fucking old, fatty!  We
                 don't want your kind here!
                       
                 You're too short.  Go away, stumpy!
                 Go back to the circus!

     Ricky HITS them with the broom, then goes in, SLAMS THE DOOR.


                 So it went...



     Tyler works with a HALF DOZEN SPACE MONKEYS, preparing the
     square of backyard.  They pull weeds, clear rocks; working
     with shovels, rakes, etc.  They cart away WHEELBARROWS of
     rocks and carry in SACKS of FERTILIZER.


                 Tyler built his army.

     IN THE KITCHEN WINDOW, Jack watches...



     Jack keeps watching out the window, eats toast.


                 To what purpose, might one ask?
                 Well, one might ask, if not for the
                 first rule of Project Mayhem.

     Jack turns to look around the kitchen.  THREE SPACE MONKEYS
     work -- one SCRUBBING the FLOOR, one WASHING DISHES, one
     SCRUBBING the walls.  Jack walks out.


                 In Tyler We Trust.



     Jack opens his eyes, awakening to sunlight thru the window.


                 And, then...



     Jack slowly pushes open the door to Tyler's room...


                 Tyler...

     The room is empty.  Jack stares.


                 He was gone.



     Jack comes downstairs... finds DOZENS of SPACE MONKEYS.



     Jack enters.  Space Monkeys render fat and make soap.  They
     pinch HERBS, adding them to the mix.  They add VODKA.  Off
     to the side, a couple Monkeys stir a vat of RICE.  On the
     wall is a big bulletin board with HUNDREDS of DRIVER's
     LICENSES; a sign above it: "HUMAN SACRIFICES."


                 "You are not a beautiful and unique
                 snowflake.  You are the same decaying
                 organic matter as everything else.
                 We are all part of the same compost
                 heap."


                 Planet Tyler.

     Jack dips a spoon into the rice, chomps on it irritatingly.


                 "We are the all-singing, all-dancing
                 crap of the world."

     Jack picks up a BOTTLE of VODKA.


                 I had to hug the walls, trapped
                 inside this clockwork of Space
                 Monkeys, cooking and working and
                 sleeping in teams.



     Jack enters, vodka in hand.  TEN SPACE MONKEYS here, reading.


                 The house became a living thing, wet
                 inside from so many people sweating
                 and breathing.  So many people
                 moving, the house moved.

     Jack walks out.



     Jack enters.  Angel Face reads a book, marks on a chart.
     Space Monkeys shuffle PAPERS and NEWS CLIPPINGS.  Walls are
     lined with FILES, each labeled with a STREET ADDRESS, under
     SIGNS: "Mischief," "Disinformation," "Arson."

     Jack's eye lingers on "Arson." He starts flipping through
     a file.  Angel Face comes to take the file from him.


                 That wouldn't interest you.


                 Where's Tyler?


                 The first rule of Project --


                 Right, right.

     As Angel Face replaces the file, Jack notices -- a LYE-
     BURNED KISS-SCAR on the back of Angel Face's hand.



     Jack takes a swig of vodka, smokes.  In the BACKGROUND, a
     Space Monkey WHACKS an APPLICANT with a BROOM.  It's a
     ritual; no words.  Other Space Monkeys tend the garden.


                 I'm all alone.  I Am Jack's Broken
                 Heart.

     Jack drops his cigarette in the gravel, steps on it.  A
     Space Monkey immediately comes to clean it up.


                 Get away from me!


                 Who are all these people?

     Jack turns, sees Marla with an overnight bag.


                 The Paper Street Soap Company.


                 Can I come in?


                 He's not here.


                 What?


                 He's not here!  Tyler's not here
                 anymore!  He's gone away!

     Marla stares at Jack, miserable.  A tear runs down her
     cheek.  She turns and walks away.  Jack watches her go.
     There's a LOUD COMMOTION from the house, VOICES SHOUTING.
     Jack heads to the back door...



     Jack enters.  Ricky crawls, bleeding from a gunshot wound to
     the LEG.  Space Monkeys begin a rudimentary job of treating
     the wound.  Other Space Monkeys carry in a DEAD BODY in
     BLACK CLOTHES and SKI MASK, putting it on the table.


                 What's going on?

     Space Monkeys stare at the body.  The Mechanic, sweating,
     gets to his knees and pulls the ski mask off the corpse --
     it's BOB, with a gunshot wound to the HEAD.


                 Bob... oh, Christ...

     Jack pushes past a Space Monkey, stares down, stricken...


                 What... what happened... ?


                       
                 We were on assignment...



     A SCULPTURE adorned with a giant GLOBE on top.


                 We were supposed to kill two birds
                 with one stone:

     A SERIES of EXPLOSIONS blasts the GLOBE free.  It ROLLS...


                 A piece of corporate art...

     The GLOBE ROLLS downhill, to the street -- rolling over one
     parked LUXURY CAR after another, crunching car roofs and
     causing windows to explode...


                 ... and trash a trendy coffee bar.

     Then, the GLOBE arrives at the lobby of a HOTEL...
     BROADSIDES a limo, RICOCHETS... ROLLS directly into the
     front of a closed ARROSTO coffee bar, SMASHING windows...
     DECIMATING coffee push-pats...



     Bob, the Mechanic and Ricky FLEE, LAUGHING at their
     handiwork.  They split up, running O.S.


                 We had it all worked out, man.  It
                 went smooth... until...


                 Police!  Freeze!

     O.S. SOUNDS of GUNSHOTS and FLASHES of MUZZLE FIRE.



     The Mechanic looks up from Bob's corpse.


                 They shot Bob... they shot him in the
                 head.  Those fuckers...

     Jack walks away from Bob's corpse, distraught, holds his
     head, turns to look back, his eyes filling with tears.


                 We gotta do something.


                 We got to get rid of the evidence.
                 We have to get rid of this body.


                 Bury him...

     Jack looks around in disbelief.


                 What... ?


                 The garden.  Take him there.  Move,
                 people.  Let's do this!

     Several Space Monkeys gather around Bob's body.


                 No... !

     Space Monkeys stop.  Jack gets between them and Bob, SHOVES
     a few Space Monkeys back...


                 Get your hands off him!  Get off...!
                 What the hell do you think you're
                 doing... ? Evidence?!  This is a
                 man... !  You killed him!


                 He was killed in action.


                 No!  Look at you!  You're... you're
                 running around in ski masks,
                 exploding things...


                 He was killed serving Project Mayhem.


                 It's what he would have wanted, sir.


                 What he wanted?  Look... look at him.
                 Look at him!  What does he want?
                       (wipes tears,
                        points at Bob)
                 This is a person.  This is not a cog
                 in your machine...


                 But, this is Project Mayhem.


                 No, no.  This is a man -- this man
                 has a name...


                 But, in Project Mayhem, we have no
                 names.


                 No!  Wrong!  This man's name is
                 Robert Paulson.


                 Robert Paulson?


                 Robert Paulson is dead.  He's dead,
                 because of you...


                 I understand.

     Everyone just stares at Jack.


                 In death, a member of Project Mayhem
                 has a name.


                 No -- !


                 His name is Robert Paulson.


                 His name is Robert Paulson!


                 No!


                 His name is Robert Paulson!


                 Stop that -- !


                       
                 His name is Robert Paulson!  His name
                 is Robert Paulson...

     Jack backs away, surrounded, PUSHES his way out of the room.



     Jack barges in, goes to the desk, rifling through drawers.
     He finds FLIGHT COUPONS, used and unused.  The used coupons.
     have the flight information, including the destination
     cities.  The PHONE RINGS.  Jack answers it...


                 Tyler?


                       
                 This is Detective Stern of the arson
                 unit.  I'd like to see you in my
                 office tomorrow morning...

     Jack, in a panic, HANGS UP.





     Jack sits stiffly in a seat.


                 I went to the cities on Tyler's used
                 tickets stubs.





     Jack hurries from the terminal, runs to a TAXI ...


                 In every city, I branched out from
                 the airport to downtown, bar-
                 hopping...



     Jack's looks out the window, intently watching buildings.


                 I didn't know how or why, but I could
                 look at fifty different bars, and
                 somehow I just knew...


                       
                 Here.  Let me out, right here...



     Jack enters.  He sees several MALE PATRONS with FIGHT
     BRUISES.  Jack moves to the bar.  The BARTENDER has a broken
     arm and swollen face.


                 I'm looking for Tyler Durden.


                 Never heard of him.


                 This is an emergency.  It's important
                 I find him.


                 I wish I could help you... sir.

     The bartender WINKS at Jack.




                 Every city I went to...




                 ...as soon as I set foot off the
                 plane...




                 ...I knew fight club was close.



     Jack RUNS through the airport, lugging his suitcase.


                 Tyler was setting up franchises, all
                 over the country.



     The PROPRIETOR, his head bandaged, is confronted by Jack.


                 I need to know where Tyler is.  Can't
                 you help me?


                 Sir, you're disturbing the other
                 patrons with your laudish behavior.


                       
                 There's no one else here.


                 I'm sorry, I haven't the faintest
                 idea what you're talking about.


                 Look at my face.  I'm a member.  I
                 just need to know if you've seen
                 Tyler Durden.


                 I'm not disclosed to bespeak any such
                 information to you, nor would I, even
                 if I had said information you want,
                 at this juncture be able.

     Jack looks around, incredibly frustrated.


                  You are a moron.


                  I'm afraid I have to insist you leave.

     Jack gives up, shoves his way out the door.



     Jack sits on the bus, looking out the window.  The bus stops.


                 Under and behind and inside
                 everything I took for granted,
                 something horrible had been growing.

     OUT THE WINDOW, a CONSTRUCTION WORKER with a BROKEN NOSE
     works a jackhammer.  He stops, wipes his brow.



     TVs show football.  Jack is seated with TWO BRUISED PATRONS.


                 No one's ever seen him.  No one knows
                 what he looks like.


                 He has facial reconstructive surgery
                 every three years.


                 That's the stupidest thing I've ever
                 heard.


                 Is it true about fight club in Miami?


                 Is Mr. Durden building an army?


                 Am I asleep... ?



     Jack sits awake.  Everyone around him is asleep.


                 Have I slept?  I'm not sure if Tyler
                 is my bad dream or if I'm Tyler's.



     Jack steps off the sidewalk, hailing a TAXI...



     The alleyway's deserted.  Jack heaft to rusty CELLAR DOORS.
     He opens the doors, looks around, heads down stairs...


                 I was living in a state of perpetual
                 deja vu.



     Jack enters this dark basement, walks ahead in the dim
     light.  The place is damp and empty.  Jack stops, looks down.


                 Everywhere I went, I felt I had
                 already been there.

     At his feet -- DRIED BLOOD on the concrete floor.





     Jack walks in.  The place is empty.  He walks to a KITCHEN
     DOOR, opens it and peers in at... a GROUP of KITCHEN WORKERS
     solemnly stand in a circle, chanting...


                 His name is Robert Paulson.  His name
                 is Robert Paulson...


                       
                 Welcome back, sir.

     Jack whirls, startled -- facing the wounded BARTENDER, who
     wears a NECK BRACE, his nose a smashed eggplant.


                 How have you been?


                 ... You know me?


                 Is this a test, sir?


                 Yes... it's a test.


                 You were in here last Thursday night.


                 What?


                 You were standing right where you are
                 now, asking how good our security is.
                 It's tight as a drum.


                 Who do you think I am?


                 Is this part of the test?

     Jack nods slowly.  The Bartender holds up his hand, shows
     the KISS SCAR on the back of his hand...


                 You're the one who did this to me.
                 You're Mr. Durden, sir.  Tyler Durden.


                 Please return your seatbacks to their
                 full upright and locked position.



     Jack bursts inside, out of breath, runs to grab the phone,
     punches a number, doesn't bother to turn on the lamp.





     Marla answers.


                 Yeah?


                 Marla, it's me.  Have we... have we
                 ever had sex?


                 What kind of stupid question is
                 that?!


                 Because the answer's "yes" or because
                 the answer's "no?"


                 Is this a trick?


                 Will you just answer me, for
                 Christsake?!


                 You mean, you want to know if I think
                 we were just having sex or making
                 love?


                 We did make love?


                 Is that what you're calling it?


                 Answer the question!


                 You fuck me, then snub me.  You love
                 me, you hate me.  You show me your
                 sensitive side, then you turn into a
                 total asshole!  Is that a pretty
                 accurate description of our
                 relationship, Tyler?


                 We've just lost cabin pressure.


                 What did you say... ?


                 What is wrong with you?


                 Say my name.


                 What... ?


                 Say my name!  What's my name!?


                 Tyler Durden!  Tyler Durden, you
                 fucking freak.  What's going on?  I'm
                 coming over there...


                 Marla, no, wait...

     As Marla HANGS UP.  Jack stares at the receiver, dazed...


                 We've got six fight clubs in Chicago
                 now...

     Jack spins, dropping the phone -- TYLER sits beside him.


                 Four in Milwaukee.


                 What's this all about, Tyler?


                 And, we're definitely filling a void
                 in the rural South.


                 Why do people think I'm you?


                 You broke your promise.  You talked
                 to her about me.


                 Why do people think I'm Tyler Durden?


                 Why did you do that?


                 Answer me, Tyler.


                 Why do people think anything?


                 I don't know!  Tell me!

     Tyler shakes his head in disgust, extremely irritated.


                 People think that you're me, because
                 you and I happen to share the same
                 body.


                 What... ?


                 Is this really news to you?


                 What are you talking about... ?


                 Sometimes I control it, and you
                 imagine yourself watching me...



     Commissioner Jacobs checks his tie in a mirror, goes to open
     the door of the MEN'S BATHROOM -- face to face with JACK.



     JACK stands surrounded by eager fight club MEMBERS, under
     the bare bulb, talking and behaving like Tyler...


                 The first rule of fight club is --
                 you don't talk about fight club.




                 And, sometimes you control it...



     Jack stands in the yard, VODKA in hand, yells at Marla.


                 He's not here!  Tyler's not here
                 anymore!  He's gone away!




                 You can see me and hear me, but no
                 one else can...



     JACK sits alone on the curb, watching the nearby freeway.
     He talks to someone beside him, but nobody's there.


                 Anyone?
                       
                 My boss, probably.
                       
                 Who would you fight?

     Jack listens, looks at the empty space beside him.


                 Oh, yeah.
                       
                 I didn't really know my Dad...




                 But, when you fall asleep, I do
                 things without you...



     JACK is on top of Marla, sweating, making violent love...




                 I go places without you.  Get things
                 done...



     The Parker Morris Building.

     JACK, Bob, Ricky, Angel Face and another GUY rappel down the
     side, SPRAYING PAINT.  JACK is "TYLER" in demeanor,
     mannerisms, speech...


                       
                 You are not your job.  You are not
                 how much money you have in the bank.

     TWO WINDOWS SHATTER OUTWARD -- TWO MEN look out and yell:


                 I am not my job!


                 I am not how much money I have in the
                 bank!



     Jack's having trouble catching his breath.  Tyler stands.


                 There!  Happy?  I asked for one thing
                 from you... one simple promise.  Now
                 look what you've done!


                 This isn't possible...


                 We're going to have to do something
                 about Marla...


                 What... what are you saying?


                 It's okay.  We okay... a little
                 codependent, sure, but...

     Jack shakes his head in disbelief, in denial...


                 No!  This isn't true.  We... we were
                 around other people, together, both
                 of us...


                 You never talked to me in front of
                 anyone else.


                 Wrong, wrong -- what about the car
                 crash... the two guys in the backseat?


                 What about them?  They're lunatics.


                 You took me to the house.


                 The house is rented in your name.


                 You have jobs.


                 Night jobs -- while you were sleeping.


                 What about Marla?


                 What about Marla?


                 She's... you... you're fucking her.


                 Um, well... technically, no.

     Jack stands, trying to absorb, feeling ill, trying to find
     words, then -- he suddenly FAINTS to the floor, OUT COLD.


                 It's called a "changeover."  The
                 movie goes on, and nobody in the
                 audience has any idea.



     Jack's eyes snap open.  He sits up, alone.  He remembers the
     previous night... looks at himself in the mirror... looks at
     the clock -- 4:35am.



     The room door SLAMS OPEN as Jack bursts out of the room,
     carrying his suitcase, SPRINTING for the STAIRWELL...



     Jack races down, three steps at a time, dragging his
     suitcase - BOOM, BOOM, BOOM - behind him...



     Jack hurries to the front door, his suitcase half-broken
     open, passing the front desk.  A DESK CLERK calls after him.


                 Sir... sir?  Are you checking out?


                 Yes.

     The clerk follows the length of the counter, waves a PAPER.


                 Please initial this list of phone
                 calls.


                 Bill me!

     Jack goes out the door, freezes.  He rushes back in, going
     to the desk -- snatches the bill, studies it: many NUMBERS.


                 Wait...when were these made?


                 It says right there, sir... between
                 two and three-thirty this morning.

     Jack looks at the clerk, at the bill, at the clerk.


                 I need a copy of this.



     Jack stares out the window, his face set hard.


                 Had I been going to bed earlier every
                 night?  Have I been sleeping later?
                 Has Tyler been in charge longer and
                 longer?



     A TAXI halts.  Jack leaps out, points to the GRUNGY CABBIE.


                 Wait here.



     Jack walks in to find the place EMPTY and DESERTED.  He
     continues on into the KITCHEN, gawks at BATHTUBS and
     CANISTERS holding vast amounts of liquid.  There are HOSES,
     GAS MASKS, BEAKERS, TEST TUBES and PUMPS.

     He picks up a BOTTLE labeled "NITRIC ACID."



     Jack sits by the PHONE, pulls out the HOTEL BILL, runs his
     finger up and down the list of PHONE NUMBERS...


                 Deja vu, all over again...

     Jack finger stops on a NUMBER.  He dials, phone to his ear.


                       
                 Eighteen-eighty-eight.

     Jack sees a file on the wall: "1888 CENTURY PARK EAST."


                 Who is this?


                 Maintenance.


                 Listen, something is going to happen,
                 something terrible...


                 Very good, Sir.


                 Excuse me?


                 Don't worry about us, sir.  We're
                 solid.


                 Now wait, there's been a mix-up.
                 Everything's changed...


                 You told me you'd say that.


                 Abort the plan.


                 You told me you'd say that, too.


                 Did I tell you I'd call you a fascist
                 dickhead?!


                 Well, sir, you said you might.

     Jack HANGS UP, desperately dials the next number on the bill.


                       
                 Twenty-one-sixty.  Maintenance.

     Jack sees a file: "2160 PICO BOULEVARD."  He throws the
     phone, pocketing the bill.  He grabs up all the FILES.



     Jack's TAXI halts.  Marla walks out of the lobby doors, sees
     Jack getting out of the cab, laden with files...


                 Marla!

     Marla makes a sharp turn, walking away.  Jack follows,
     hugging the files to his chest, catching up.


                 Marla...


                 Your whacked-out, bald freaks hit me
                 with a fucking broom.  I thought they
                 were going to break my arm.


                 I'm sorry, I...


                 The were burning their fingertips
                 with lye.  The stink was unbelievable.


                 Marla... I need to talk to you.  It's
                 going to take a tremendous act of
                 faith on your part for you to hear me
                 out.


                 Here comes an avalanche of bullshit.

     Marla heads into a DINER.  Jack follows...


                 -- A little more faith than that.



     Marla sits in a BOOTH.  Jack sits across from her.


                 I don't want to hear anything you've
                 got to say.


                 Give me a minute, Marla, alright...
                 just sixty seconds.


                 Sixty seconds, then I'm out of here.


                 Absolutely, you have every right.  I
                 need you to do me a favor.


                 I've done you enough favors.

     A WAITER with a BLACK EYE appears at the table.


                 Sir!  Anything you order is free of
                 charge, sir.


                 Why is it free of charge?


                 Because... I'm Tyler Durden.


                 Then, I'll have the clam chowder...
                 fried chicken and a baked potato with
                 everything and a chocolate chiffon
                 pie.

     Jack look to the pass-through WINDOW into the kitchen where
     THREE COOKS look out with STITCHES in their faces.


                 Clean food, please.


                 In that case, sir, may I advise
                 against the lady eating the clam
                 chowder?


                 Thanks, no clam chowder.  That's it.

     The waiter snaps to attention and leaves.


                 You got about thirty seconds.


                       
                 I know that I've been... unwell.  I
                 know it's been like there's two sides
                 to me.


                 Two sides?  You're Dr. Jeckle and Mr.
                 Jackass.


                 I deserve that.  Anyway, I've... I've
                 only just realized


                 What?


                 I mean, the depth and breadth of our
                 relationship has only recently been
                 illuminated for me.  I know this...
                 I know us hasn't been such a great
                 thing for you...


                 Whatever.
                       
                 I'll take my food to go...

     Marla's getting up to go, but Jack rises, fed up, takes her
     by the arm, putting her back in her seat.


                 Sit down!  Sit down and give me my
                 last fifteen seconds without opening
                 your mouth!

     Marla crosses her arms.  Jack collects himself.


                 I'm trying to tell you -- and this is
                 where you have to trust me -- but, I
                 think your life might be in real
                 danger.


                 What?


                 You have to get out of here.  Leave
                 as soon as possible.  Go to any rural
                 town, away from any major city...


                 You are an insane person.


                 Marla...


                 No, no, shut up!  I've had enough.
                 I tried, Tyler... I have tried...

     Marla's getting upset, tears coming to her eyes.


                 There's a part of you I really like,
                 but I can't do this anymore.  I just
                 can't.  This is killing me...


                 I'm sorry, but I...


                 What?!  You're sorry?  I don't
                 believe that for a minute.

     Marla gets up.  Jack grabs for her, but she's gone, heading
     for the door.  Jack gathers his files, runs to follow...



     Jack pushes out the door, files under one arm, catching up...


                 I can't explain.  You wouldn't
                 believe me anyway.  I'm trying to
                 protect you...

     Jack grabs her arm, tries to hail a TAXI, but the taxi races
     past.  Marla pulls free, screaming at him...,


                 Let go of me!


                 Do this for me, Marla.  Do this for
                 me, if you never do anything else...

     Jack spots a BUS idling further up the street.


                 Leave me alone!  I don't ever want to
                 see you again!


                 Okay, if that's what it takes, you'll
                 never have to see me again.
                       
                 Here... here...

     He pulls MONEY from his pocket, holding it out.


                 Take this money, get on this bus...
                       
                 Get on, and I promise you, I'll never
                 bother you again, if that's what you
                 want.  Please...

     Marla looks at Jack, numb.


                 Tyler...


                 I'm begging you.  Get on the bus.
                 Get on the bus.

     Marla takes the money from Tyler, walks towards the bus.  As
     they approach it, Jack shields his eyes, afraid to look...


                 Why are you doing this?


                 I can't let myself see where you're
                 going.  Go wherever it takes you,
                 remember... keep away from major
                 cities...

     Marla stands at the doors of the bus, heartbroken, gives one
     last look at Jack.


                       
                 I'm not paying this back.  I consider
                 it "asshole tax."


                 Yes, fine.  Just, get on.  Stay away
                 a couple of weeks, at least.

     Jack's still covering his eyes.  Marla gets on the bus.


                 Tyler...

     Jack finally looks to her.


                 You are the worst thing that ever
                 happened to me.

     DOORS HISS SHUT.  The BUS LEAVES, heading away.  Jack seems
     relieved.  Then, a SCREAM is HEARD from MARLA...

     Jack turns, looks... THROUGH THE BUS WINDOWS: the bus is
     filled with BALD MEN IN BLACK: Space Monkeys.

     Jack SPRINTS after the bus...

     The bus speeds away.  Onboard, Space Monkeys subdue Marla.

     Jack falls to the asphalt, rolls, files-flying.


                 Son of a bitch!



     Jack RUNS to the front desk, crazed, dumps the armload of
     files on the desk in front of the DESK SERGEANT...


                       
                 I want you to arrest me.  I'm the
                 leader of a terrorist organization
                 responsible for acts of vandalism all
                 over the city.  Detective Stern in
                 arson knows who I am...



     Detective Stern and THREE DETECTIVES stand, staring at Jack,
     who's seated.  On the table are the phone bill and files.


                 There are probably several hundred
                 members in the metropolitan area.
                 Chapters are sprouting in at least
                 five other major cities.  They're
                 tightly-regimented, with many cells
                 capable of operating without a
                 central leader.  Check this address:
                 1537 Paper Street.  You'll find the
                 body of Robert Paulson buried in the
                 garden.  You'll also find numerous
                 tubs used to make gallons of
                 nitroglycerin.  The plan, I believe,
                 is to blow up these credit card
                 headquarters and the TRW building.


                 Why these buildings?


                 You are not your job.  You are not
                 how much money you have in the bank.


                       
                 Keep him talking.

     Stern leaves.  A beat, then, the remaining Detectives smile
     at Jack with REVERENCE.


                 I really admire what you're doing.
                 You're a brave man to order this.


                 What?


                 You're a genius, sir.

     They grab Jack and force him on his back on the table.
     Flat-Top has a rubber band; the Bald Detective has a knife.


                 You know the drill.  You said if
                 anyone ever tries to interfere with
                 Project Mayhem, even you, we got to
                 get his balls.

     Flat-Top PULLS Jack's pants completely off, tosses them
     aside.  Jack SCREAMS.  Flat-Top holds his legs.


                 It's useless to fight.


                 This is really a powerful gesture,
                 Mr. Durden.  It'll set quite an
                 example.


                 No... you're making a mistake!


                 You told us you'd say that.


                 I'm not Tyler Durden!


                 You told us you'd say that, too.


                 Okay, I am Tyler Durden and I'm
                 ordering you to abort the mission!


                 You said you would definitely say
                 that.


                 What's our best time for a "cut and
                 run?"


                 Four minutes.


                 Is somebody timing this?


                       
                 Wait till the second hand gets to the
                 twelve.

     A KNOCK at the door.  Flat-Top slaps a hand over Jack's
     mouth.  He and Redhead block view of the table as Baldy
     opens the door a crack.  Stern mutters:


                 Some of this info checks out.  Let's
                 go to the place on Paper Street.

     Baldy glances back at the other Detectives, leaves, closing
     the door.  The two remaining Detectives continue.  Jack kicks
     and screams and writhes.  The Detectives wrangle him, but
     with more difficulty, now that Baldy's gone.


                       
                 Mr. Durden, you're going to fuck up
                 the time!

     Jack gets one leg free, KICKS, knocks Flat-top backwards --
     Flat-Top SLAMS the wall, falls.  Redhead lets go of one of
     Jack's arms, jams his elbow into Jack's throat... cutting
     off the airway.  Jack's face reddens... he's choking...

     Jack's free hand reaches, searching.. pulls Redhead's GUN
     and points it at him.  Redhead backs off. Jack gets up,
     gasping for air, PISTOL-WHIPS Flat-top as he rises.

     Jack grabs one of the files off the table.



     Jack, without pants, in BOXER SHORTS, escapes out the BACK
     DOOR.  He looks at the ADDRESS on the file folder.



     Jack SPRINTS down the middle of the street, gun in hand,
     looking like a complete madman.  Cars almost hit him.



     Jack, sweating and panting, stops, looks... then heads
     toward the BUILDING with the address "1888."



     Jack tries the door.  Locked.  He lifts a cast iron bench,
     runs forward -- RAMS it into the glass.  The bench
     immediately recoils from the glass, SLAMS Jack's groin!
     Jack falls to his knees, doubled over, holding his package.
     Then, he rises, SHOOTS the glass...



     Jack pushes through the broken glass.  He sprints for the
     "PARKING" door...



     Jack enters, looks -- NO CARS.  He bolts to the STAIRS...



     Jack enters, heaving.  Again, NO CARS.  He moves from one
     SUPPORT POST to another, searching.  He finally spies,
     across the garage, NINE LARGE CANISTERS, heavily-WIRED.

     Jack runs to the BOMB, frantic.  He walks around it.
     There's a DIGITAL CLOCK, ticking down from "10:05"...

     Jack moves to pull the lid off one CANISTER, looks inside..


                 Could be worse...

     Jack looks -- Tyler's seated, his back against one post.


                 You could be standing under 37
                 stories of steel and concrete with a
                 150 gallons of nitroglycerin strapped
                 to the support... oh, maybe it
                 couldn't be...


                       
                 You... you can't be serious about
                 this.


                 What a ridiculous thing to say.


                 I can't let you...


                              ...go through with this?
                 What are you going to do?


                 I'm going to...


                           ...stop me?


                 I'm not going...


                            ...to let this happen!


                 Stop finishing...


                         ...your sentences!  They're
                 our sentences.  Get your mind around
                 that.

     Tyler gets up walks to Jack.


                 What are you doing running through
                 the streets in your underpants?  We
                 both use that body.


                 Since when is Project Mayhem about
                 murder?


                 The buildings were evacuated thirty
                 minutes ago.  Everything's proceeding
                 exactly as planned.


                 You don't know that.  There could
                 still be people inside.

     Tyler keeps walking around, crosses his arms.


                 Maybe.  Maybe a couple of guys with
                 shaved heads couldn't synchronize
                 their watches.  Good riddance.

     Jack looks back to the BOMB, goes to it, wipes sweat off his
     face.  He starts finger the MANY WIRES, sorting them.


                 I wouldn't be doing that.  Unless you
                 know which wires, in what order...


                 If you know, I know.

     Jack holds his gun under one armpit, uses both hands to go
     through the tangle of colored wires.


                 Or... maybe I knew you'd know, so I
                 spent the whole day thinking about
                 the wrong ones.

     Jack chooses one wire, GREEN, holds it in his fingers.


                 If I'm wrong, we're both dead..


                 This is not about martyrdom.

     Jack twists the GREEN WIRE around his finger.


                 I'm pulling the green wire.


                 Green?  Did you say green?

     Tyler comes a little closer, leaning to try to get a look,
     seems genuinely concerned.


                 Yes...


                 Don't pull the green wire.  Pull
                 anything but the green wire.


                 Fuck you.


                 I'm serious.  That's the wrong one.

     Jack's unsure, swallowing, pulling the wire taunt, fingers
     trembling.  The SOUND of a VEHICLE is HEARD from below...


                 Hear that?  Marla's here.  Just in
                 the nick of time, eh?

     Jack looks to Tyler.  Tyler points towards the SOUND...


                 See for yourself.

     Jack releases the wire, walks to a RAILING, gun in hand,
     keeps an eye on Tyler.  Jack looks over the railing...

     BELOW, a BUS idles.  The doors open and MARLA'S dragged out,
     kicking and screaming, carried by SIX SPACE MONKEYS...


                 You motherfuckers...

     They carry Marla into the BUILDING'S ENTRANCE.

     Jack leans against the railing, exhausted.


                 I've got everything.  The bombs.  The
                 army.  I've got Marla.


                 Bob is dead, Tyler.  The police blew
                 a hole in his head.  Was that part of
                 your plan?

     Tyler thinks, shrugs.


                 Bob was a grown man.  In any great
                 struggle, there will be casualties.
                 Wouldn't that be implicit in the
                 name?  Project "Mayhem."


                 Fuck your struggle.  I want out.


                 You want out?


                 I quit.


                 Not an option, for the most obvious
                 of reasons.  You need to get with the
                 program.
                       
                 Seven minutes.  Let's get out of here.

     Tyler's walks away.  Jack looks at the gun in his hand.  He
     points the gun at Tyler...


                 Tyler...


                       
                 What?


                       
                 Defuse the bomb.

     Tyler stops walking.


                 Ask me nicely.


                 Defuse the bomb, please.


                 Defuse the bomb?


                 Yes.

     Tyler strides towards the BOMB.  Jack trains the gun...


                 Please.

     Tyler looks at the BOMB, reaches over to it.  He grips the
     GREEN WIRE, yanks it out -- the CLOCK STOPS.

     Jack lowers his gun.


                 I did that for you.  As a gesture.
                 Now, how fast can you run?  There are
                 ten other bombs, in ten other
                 buildings in the immediate area.  If
                 you're going to get them all, you
                 better get cracking.
                       
                 Six minutes.  Green wires, remember.
                 I'll be upstairs.

     Jack's stunned.  Tyler walks across the parking garage, past
     Jack, heading for the STAIRS.

     Jack aims the gun at Tyler's back, FIRES!

     Tyler ducks to one side, impossibly quick, avoiding...

     Tyler spins to face Jack.


                 Whoa!  What was that all about?

     Jack aims... FIRES!

     Tyler DODGES behind a post as the BULLET THROWS CONCRETE.

     Jack edges forward, gun held in both hands, moves around the
     post... Tyler is NOT THERE.  Jack turns, takes slow steps,
     moving the gun from side to side...

     Suddenly, a FIST ENTERS FRAME -- SLUGS Jack's face.

     Jack falls.  The gun goes CLATTERING across the floor...

     Jack turns, looking... Tyler's GONE.  Jack looks to the gun,
     scrambles to his feet, running to pick up the gun...

     Tyler KICKS Jack in the chest, sends Jack sprawling.

     Jack rolls, holding his chest.  He looks up, sees Tyler run
     into the STAIRWELL.  Jack grabs the gun and follows...



     Jack smashes the door open.  The stairwell's empty.  Jack
     RUNS up a flight of stairs, kicks open ANOTHER DOOR...



     Jack steps forward, gun up... TWO INTERLOCKED HANDS SLAM
     down onto his head.  Jack drops to the floor.

     Tyler backs away, laughing.  Jack gets to his feet, aims his
     gun...


                 Fire at will.

     Jack clenches his teeth, FIRING -- nothing happens to Tyler.
     Jack FIRES TWICE -- no effect.  Tyler raises his arms.


                 What did you expect?

     Jack charges.  Tyler dodges, PUNCHES, knocks the gun out of
     Jack's hand.  They FIGHT, trading PUNCHES, grappling, taking
     each other to the floor...





     Banks of SECURITY MONITORS sit unmanned.

     ON ONE MONITOR: Jack is seen in the lobby, on the floor,
     alone, wrestling himself.  He swings his left hand up,
     punching empty air, then swings his right hand -- PUNCHING
     himself in the side of the head...



     Tyler and Jack fight viciously, bloodied.  Tyler manages to
     get his hands around Jack's throat, starts BANGING Jack's
     head against the floor...



     ... Jack's got his hands around his own throat, BANGING his
     own head against the floor, over and over...



     Jack manages to break Tyler's grip, KICKS Tyler away.
     Tyler springs to his feet, RUNS, heading for a STAIRCASE.

     Jack gets up, breathing hard, holding his head, follows...

     ON THE STAIRS, Tyler reaches the LOFT LEVEL, above the
     lobby, disappears around a corner.  Jack's right behind,
     turning the corner -- Tyler's NOT THERE.

     Jack receives a SHARP SLAP on the back of the head.  He
     wheels.  Tyler isn't there.  A TAP on his shoulder.  Jack
     turns around -- WHAM! -- Tyler PUNCHES his face.  Jack falls
     against the loft railing.  Tyler comes forward, SWINGS...



     Jack PUNCHES himself square in the nose!



     Jack's dazed.  Tyler grabs Jack's shirt, pulls him forward,
     SWINGS HIM -- THROWS him DOWN THE STAIRS...

     Jack TUMBLES horribly down... HITS BOTTOM, striking his head
     on the floor.  Jack PASSES OUT...





     CLOSE ON: Jack's head jerks back as he SNAPS AWAKE.  He
     looks around, trying to focus his eyes...

     JACK'S P.O.V. -- TRACKS in the sawdust of the floor, from
     where his body was dragged across to where he is how.

     CLOSE ON: Jack tries to comprehend.  He turns his head --
     TYLER'S HAND brings the GUN up, PUTS THE GUN IN JACK'S
     MOUTH.  Jack freezes, looks around with his eyes...



     Tyler is seated in Jack's lap.  Tyler holds the gun in
     Jack's mouth, his arm around him.  This huge room is being
     remodeled.  Tyler and Jack are seated near floor-to-ceiling
     windows affording a spectacular view of the CITY.

     Tyler looks at his watch.


                 One minute.


                 I think this is about where we came
                 in.


                       
                 This is the beginning.  We're at
                 ground zero.  Maybe you should say a
                 few words, to mark the occasion.


                 i... ann....iinn.. ff....nnyin...

     Jack tongues the barrel to the side of his mouth.


                       
                 I still can't think of anything.

     Tyler checks his watch.


                 It's getting exciting now.

     Jack turns, so he can see down -- 31 STORIES.


                 Look what we've accomplished.
                       
                 Thirty seconds.
                       
                 Out these windows, we will view the
                 economic collapse.  One step closer
                 to global equilibrium.  I'm glad
                 you're here with me.

     Tyler watches the skyline, WHISTLES at tune, waiting.


                       
                 Can't you call it off... ?


                 It's out of our hands.
                       
                 This is it.


                 Please...


                 Fifteen seconds now.  Can you see
                 alright?  10... 9... 8....

     Tyler looks out the windows, at SURROUNDING BUILDINGS,
     excited.  Jack closes his eyes, despairing.




     Out the window, the SKYLINE remains unchanged.  Nothing.  A
     long beat.  A very dark scowl comes over Tyler's face.

     Jack opens his eyes.  More waiting.  Tyler looks genuinely
     surprised, pissed-off.


                 What the fuck -- ?


                 Paraffin.


                 What?


                       
                 Paraffin.  Your merry band mixed the
                 nitro with paraffin.  I saw it
                 floating in the bomb.
                             

                             JACK 
                 They must've run out of cotton and
                 Epsom salt.  Paraffin is iffy at best.

     Tyler rises, taking the gun from Jack's mouth, starts
     pacing.  Jack rubs his sore jowls, allows himself a smile.


                 Damn it!  God-damn it...


                 Not exactly according to plan.


                 Do we have to do everything
                 ourselves?!

     Tyler stops walking, lets out a sigh of disgust.  He reaches
     into his pocket, taking out a WALKIE TALKIE.


                       
                 ... Codename Rooster.  Passcode First
                 Strike...

     Jack's eyes go wide.





                       
                 Proceed with remote detonation.

     Jack leaps -- TACKLES Tyler.  The GUN is knocked away.  Jack
     STRIKES Tyler's face repeatedly with his elbow, scrambles
     off...

     Jack gets the gun, turns, pointing it.  Tyler's getting to
     his feet, sees the gun, annoyed.  Jack stands.


                 Haven't we already done this?

     Jack SHOOTS TWICE.  Bullets pass right thorough Tyler.
     Tyler just rolls his eyes, drops the walkie-talkie to the
     floor and STOMPS on it, CRUSHING it.


                       
                 How'd you do that?!  You're a fucking
                 figment of my imagination... you're
                 psychogenic fugue state...


                 Fuck that, maybe you're my
                 hallucination.

     Jack falters, pointing at Tyler's feet.  There's no walkie-
     talkie there.  Jack looks down, sees the WALKIE-TALKIE
     CRUSHED under his own foot.


                 Oh... Christ...

     Jack holds his head, walks around, at his wit's end.


                 Why... why... why... ?


                 Why what?


                 Why can't I get rid of you?  Why
                 can't I just wish you away?


                 You need me.


                 No, no, I don't.
                       
                 I thank you, I really do.  Thank you,
                 but I don't need you anymore.


                 Look, I can be selfish, I know that.
                       
                 I'm not blind to my own failings...


                 Noooo, please...

     Jack backs up against a window, numb and weary.


                 From now on, we'll share Marla.
                 We've been spending too much time
                 apart...


                 ... no, no, no...


                 No more running off without you.
                 From here on out, we do it together.


                 Why are you doing this?!


                 I'm doing this for us.


                 Please understand... I've gotten all
                 I can from this, Tyler.


                       
                 If I leave, you will be right back
                 where I found you...


                 I swear on my life, I won't...


                 You will.  You know you will.

     Jack stares at Tyler, tears welling up, hangs his head.  He
     looks at the gun in his hand...


                 Can you live with that?

     Jack stares at the gun a long time... then...

     Jack brings the gun up, PUTS THE GUN IN HIS MOUTH.

     Tyler cocks his head.


                 What are you doing?


                 What have you left for me?


                 Why do you want to do that? Why do
                 you want to put that gun in your
                 mouth?


                 Not my mouth.  Our mouth.

     Tyler is calm.


                 This is interesting.

     Tyler smiles in appreciation, slowly walks forward, stands
     very close to Jack.


                 Why are you going with this, Ikea-
                 boy?


                 It's the only way to get rid of you...

     Jack COCKS the hammer on the gun.


                 I can see you feel very strongly.  I
                 feel strongly too.
                       
                 Hey, you and me.
                       
                 Friends again?

     Their eyes are locked, unblinking.  Long silence.


                 Do something for me.


                 What?


                 Appreciate something.


                 What?


                 Look at me...


                 What?


                 My eyes are open.



     Jack's finger squeezes the trigger...

     KABLAM! -- Jack's cheeks INFLATE with gas.  His eyes bulge.
     BLOOD flies out from his head.  The WINDOW behind him
     SHATTERS.  SMOKE wafts out of his mouth and tear ducts.

     RESUME NORMAL SPEED as the GLASS FALLS behind Jack...

     Tyler stands, in gunsmoke, eyes glazed, sniffs the air...


                 What's that smell... ?

     Jack slumps to the floor... Tyler falls...

     Tyler hits the ground.  The back of TYLER'S HEAD is BLOWN
     OPEN, revealing blood, skull and brain.

     Suddenly, a GROUP of SPACE MONKEYS burst into the room,
     moving forward to Jack.  TYLER'S BODY IS GONE.


                 Are you all right, sir... ?!

     Jack quakes, holding the side of his head; a ragged hole
     blown in his CHEEK.  He's bleeding hard, but he's alive.


                 I'm okay...

     Jack looks to the Space Monkeys, trying to get his eyes to
     see.  TWO SPACE MONKEYS enter with Marla.  One holds a gun
     to Marla as she struggles.


                 Are you sure?  You look terrible,
                 sir!  What's happened?


                 Everything's fine.


                 Sir, you look really awful!  Do you
                 need medical assistance?

     Jack sees Marla, tries to get to his feet, falls...


                 Bring the girl to me.  The rest of
                 you get out.  Now!

     The Monkeys bring Marla, releasing her, saluting.


                 What happened... ?


                 Don't ask.

     Marla crouches, takes out wadded TISSUES and tries to apply.
     them to Jack's wound.  Space Monkeys are leaving, hesitantly.


                 Get to the rendezvous point.  Move it!

     Jack and Marla are left alone.


                 My God, you're shot...


                 Yes.

     Jack tries to got up.  Marla helps him.


                 Who did this to you?


                 I did, I think.  But, I'm okay... I'm
                 fine...

     MASSIVE EXPLOSION... the glass walls rattle...

     Jack and Marla look -- OUT THE WINDOWS: a BUILDING EXPLODES;
     collapsing upon itself.  Then, ANOTHER BUILDING IMPLODES
     into a massive cloud of dust.  Jack and Marla are
     silhouetted against the SKYLINE.  Jack looks to Marla,
     reaches to take her hand.


                 I'm sorry... you met me at a very
                 strange time in my life.

     Marla looks at him.  ANOTHER BUILDING IMPLODES and COLLAPSES
     inward... and ANOTHER BUILDING... and ANOTHER...

     The FILM SLOWS, then ADVANCES ONE FRAME at a TIME -- SHOWING
     SPROCKET HOLES on the SIDES.  EACH FRAME is an IMPLODING
     BUILDING -- then, ONE FRAME IS A PENIS.  Then, the IMPLODING
     BUILDING again.  SPEED UP the frames, LOSE the sprocket
     holes, RESUME NORMAL SPEED...



                                                end



