










                          Written by 

                         George Miller



                         Screenplay by

                          John Collee



                                             




    Distant STARS, with vast tracts of darkness stretching
    between them. Move in on OUR SUN, dwarfed in the immense
    cosmic ocean.


          You ever feel small?

    Moving in on....



    The spinning blue marble.

    FADE IN: A strange cacophony of MUSIC, growing louder as the
    familiar CONTINENTS revolve below us and we spiral down onto





    Vast, pristine, stupendous. Washed with dawn light. A few
    small BLACK-SUITED FIGURES are moving towards us.


          Like you're no-one, cos the world is full
          of us, and everyone's the same

    Wait a minute. These aren't humans... they are PENGUINS!


          How do you stand out from the crowd?
          How do you find someone special?



    EMPEROR PENGUINS all over the place, Its chaos - Grand
    central station - with everyone SINGING to each other.


          I know. I know. "You sing your heart
          out." That's how mum found dad in the
          first place

    Follow a female penguin as she waddles through the massive
    crowd past an assortment of crooning males







                 
             "Babe...I got you Babe..."

She ignores him


                 
             "When a man loves a woman..."

She keeps moving, until she sees the male of her dreams:


             "Love me tender love me true, all my
             dreams fulfil.

He stands a bit apart from the rest. And what a voice. What a
hip movement. She sings along.


             ...for my darling I love you and I always
             will.


             With them it was love at first song.

Close up on the two penguins as their necks intertwine.


             But with me everything was a different,
             right from the moment I was born




With infinite care, THE EGG is passed from Norma J's feet
onto WISHFUL's.


             First rule of survival: get yourself laid
             before winter.

WISHFUL covers the egg, glancing up at the darkening sky


             Apparently I only just made it.

Women are leaving and heading off over the ice. The community
resounds with sad songs of parting.







             Afterwards Mum went off to the sea to
             keep warm. Dad stayed home like dad's do,
             incubating.

Norma J is having difficulty tearing herself away. Finally
she pads off after the others.


             Safe home baby....

As he watches her dwindle into the distance, where huge STORM
CLOUDS are building.


             I'll miss you.



Wind comes shreiking across the ice shelf to where THOUSANDS
OF MALES are huddled, ice crusting on their feathers.


             Tell me what it is about the cold and the
             dark. Soon as the sun goes away, everyone
             gets religious

The huddled penguins are engaged in ritual chanting


             When all others leave...


             We Remain.


             When the Sun vanishes...


             We Remain.



The adult males are packed shoulder to shoulder, looking
downwards at the eggs balanced on their feet.

CU on the Lead male, a CARUSO









             Deny the pangs of hunger.
             Seal the gaps. Share the warmth....


             Caruso's the leader because he's so
             incredibly old. Some say more than 40,
             but you know how penguins exaggerate.



WINDWARD PENGUINS peel off and walk around to the leeward
side. WISHFUL is among them


             ....Each one taking his turn to defy the
             wind.



The MASSED VOICES rise above the gale, the frosty plumes of
their breath forming a shared `thought bubble'...a benevolent



             ...As we invoke the Great One, Penguin of
             Penguins


                 
             OK. Invoke. But keep moving


             My dad was never that devout. Often his
             mind was on other stuff.

As the chanting builds, a little thought-bubble appears next
to the communal imagination: An image of Norma J


                 
             "I wanna be loved by you, alone and
             nobody else by you boo boo pee doo"

WISHFUL raises his head, breaking the seal. A little puff of
steam escapes


             Amen to that honey







             Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, pal!
             Ya lettin' out the heat!

Penguins around him start jostling to close the gap


             ...Quit shovin'!
             ...Hey watch where you're putting your
             feet


             Brothers, BROTHERS! The Devotions!

An egg rolls out of the HUDDLE and onto the ICE.


             Oh no! I dropped it! Where's my egg!

WISHFUL barges out of the huddle, retrieves the egg and
waddles back into the warmth again.


             S'okay. S'okay. No harm done.


             I guess he was wrong about a lot of
             things.

Pulling back, till the powerful rhythmic chanting is drowned
out by the HOWLING GALE.


             But I did learnt this from him:    the
             power of positive thinking

We are moving in again, towards the huddle, the voices of the
Great Male Gathering begin to cut through the wind blasts.

Louder and louder, until...


             By the power of our Devotions...


             We turn the world once more.


             By our devotion to the Wisdoms







          We bring back the sun.

The CHANTING crescendos, awe-inspiring, as it rises above the
sound of the gale, and, as if in response



The CURTAIN OF DARKNESS which overshadows Antarctica begins
to LIFT from the curvature of the southern hemisphere. The
vast ice-continent is BRILLIANTLY ILLUMINATED once more.



The ICE itself is moaning and groaning, like a living thing.

A SINGLE CRACK appears and widens, then forks and forks
again.

The whole expanse of fast-ice is DISINTEGRATING, starting at
the sea-ice and progressing towards the ice-cliffs.

Somewhere an ICEBERG breaks free from the face of a glacier
and smashes down into the frozen sea below. At the same
time...



An EGG cracks open, then another, then all in a rush, like


Fathers are calling out to each other as their fluffy CHICKS
emerge to greet the daylight.


          ...It's   a   boy!
          ...It's   a   girl!
          ...What   a   peach!
          ...What   a   bruiser!

Amongst the excited crowd of males and hatchlings we find
WISHFUL staring down at his egg still balanced on his feet.


          Late opener, huh? You thinks its alive?


          I'll say. Listen...







He taps the egg with his beak. Bending close they hear a
TAPPING SOUND in REPLY.


             Well, how about that?

WISHFUL taps again. The tapping comes back louder. A TINY
FOOT pops out of the egg. Then ANOTHER. The Egg flips and
lurches off in a giddy DANCE.


             Whoa li'l buddy, slow down!

THE FRIENDLY PENGUIN'S chick giggles at the DANCING EGG,
which finally trips and cracks, depositing baby MUMBLE.


                 (hopping from one foot to the
                  other)
             Ow! Freezy, Fuh-Fuh-Freeezy! All Freezy!


             ...Jees!
             ...You ever see a chick move like that
             before?
             ...is he damaged?
             ...is he deranged?

They gather round staring down at this strange little jigging
ball of fluff


             What? Come on. He'll grow out of it.

Shovelling MUMBLE off the ice and into his BROOD POUCH.


             Come here, li'l Mumble. Let's get you
             warm and toasty.

Mumble SNUGGLES contentedly between his father's legs,
surveying his new world. The friend's chick, ELLA is staring
at him fascinated


             Get him to do it again Daddy


             Shh. Quiet






She disappears under his brood pouch


              
          So What happens now, Dad?


          We Wait




A LONG LINE of male penguins, thousands of them, all with
their chicks, stand staring expectantly across the ice shelf.

At the front, we find WISHFUL and MUMBLE, who is jiggling
with anticipation, hopping from one foot to the other.


          Is she coming soon?


          Any day now.


          Tell me again what she's like


              
          a wiggle when she walks, a giggle when
          she talks, makes my world go round....

MUMBLE does a little SOFT SHOE SHUFFLE.


              
          Hey. Thought I told you not to do that


          Sorry. When I get happy my feet get happy
          too.


          Well tell em don't.


          But Why Dad?








Caruso waddles past: A stern glance down at little Mumble as
he carries on along the line


             `Cos it ain't penguin.



MIST rises off the ice shelf. The males are still waiting
with their chicks. Over this: The sound of Chicks crying.

MUMBLE between his father's feet, follows his father's
concentrated gaze.


             Gee I'm hungry


             Everyone's hungry son. The mommas are
             bringing fish soon.

Long pause


             What's fish look like.


             You'll see it when she brings one



The baby penguins are HOWLING now.

Anxious fathers lean forward, peering into the distance.

Out of the thickening mist, a cluster of little BLACK DOTS
materialises.


             ...Wives-ho! Wives-ho!
             ...Hubba-hubba! Wives-ho!
             ...Better late than never.

The distant females look exhausted as they totter unsteadily
across the ice towards their partners. The MALES break ranks
and rush towards the distressed females.


             ...Barbra-Ann!
             ...Peggy Sue!





             ...Hey Paula!
             ...Roxanne!!

A tumult of re-unions as partners find each other. But no
luck for WISHFUL.




Weaving anxiously through the throng, overhearing:


             You're not as fat as I thought you'd be.


             It was pretty slim pickings. Something's
             happened I tell you


             Even the squid were hard to get
             We had to swim forever


             Everyone split up. A lot of the gals
             never made it back.


             ...Delilah?


             ...Gloria?! Gloria??!

WISHFUL, is running frantically through the crowd, singing
all the time in the hope of being recogniosed


             Since my baby left me. I found a new
             place to dwell.
             Down the bottom of lonely street at
             heartbreak hotel

MUMBLE hippity-hops after his father, trying to keep up...


             Woah I'm so lonely baby. I'm so lonely
             baby. I'm so lonely I could...

Moving beyond the crowd, WISHFUL sees a last few stragglers.
Amongst them...










              
          O Honey. O Baby. You made it!

She staggers into his waiting flippers.


          You hurt?


              
          Just tired and hungry is all.
          It was dreadful out there....

Over WISHFUL' shoulder, she sees the infant Mumble HIPPITY-
HOPPING towards them.


          But who's this.


          I called him Mumble.

Mumbles feet start to tap involuntarily, Then he catches his
dad's warning look.


          Did she get one. Did she bring one back.


          Just a little krill that's all


          Can I see it?


          Later, bud. Give your ma time to
          regurgitate


          Aw. But isn't he just a darling?


              
          I got one! I got a mum everyone. I got a






The ICE-SHELF is as busy as a freeway at peak hour with males
and females are hurrying BACK AND FORTH from the sea.


             After that, with food being so scarce
             everyone was busy busy busy. Mom and dad
             were working so hard I didn't see much of
             them. Besides I had school to go to.



An efficient, caring TEACHER is giving a lesson to a class of
about thirty young chicks grouped in front of her.


             Settle class. Settle. We will begin with
             the most important lesson you will ever
             learn. Now does anyone know what that is?

MANY flippers go up.


             Michael?


             Don't eat yellow snow?


             True but, that's not it. Mumble?


             Swimming? Catching Food?


             Anyone else?

Mumble looks astonished. What's more important than that


             It's our Heartsong, Miss.


             Your Heartsong. Yes. The melody you hear
             inside, the thing that makes you
             different from every other penguin. So.
             Let's all be very still now and listen.
             And when you hear your song, let it come
             out. Who's first.





A few flippers go up


             Me! Me! I've got one!
                 
             "I can't get no...satisfaction.... I can't
             get no...girly action..."


             Well Michael, if you think that's really
             you. What have you got for us, Ella?


                 
             Voulez-vous coucher avec moi...ce soir?


                 
             That doesn't make any sense.


             Well Mumble...perhaps you can do better


             Mine is more sort of a...

He hesitates, as if listening to something in his head.Then,
he sings UTTERLY TUNELESS, like a drum solo.


             Bim bam-a-loolah a bim bam bom


             You heard that in there?

Mumble is still going. TITTERS and SNIGGERS from the class.


             You like it?


             Dear, that's not even a tune.


             It's not?


             No, a tune is like...
                 
             La la la la la la la la.






          Oh, La la la la la

A croaky monotone.   The class LAUGHS OPENLY.


              
          Listen carefully, Mumble. La la la la la
          la la la!!


          La la la la la la la la!!


              
          La La La La La La La La!


          But that's what I'm doing,

The class fall about in HYSTERICS.


          Whats funny?
              
          What's funny?



MUMBLE's PARENTS are talking to the TEACHER.


              
          It's bizarre. I don't understand it. Did
          anything happen - you know...- during early
          development?


          No. All fine. Normal incubation, wasn't
          it honey?

Wishful shuffles guiltily.


          Well Yeah, it was a kinda...a tough winter
          I guess, and he did hatch a little late,
          but...
                 
          Is there really nothing we can do?







             Of course there is. Thats why we have
             Mrs Astrakhan.



Some distance from the creche, MUMBLE stands with MRS
ASTRAKHAN, a Russian-accented remedial teacher.


             CAN'T SINK? Rubbeesh. Every little
             pengvin has a sonk. Vhen I have
             feenished, your singink vill be givink
             everyone the goosepeempel.

CU on MUMBLE looking up.


             So. Closink the eyes. Liftink chin. Deep
             breathe here in the downbelow. Now...most
             important part, find a feelink. Happy
             feelink, sad feelink, maybe lonely
             feelink.

MUMBLE closes his eyes.


             So?...So?...


             I'm thinking.


             Don't think EET!! Feel eet!
             Through the whole body, from the beak
             right down to tippy-toes.

Her voice is seductive, hypnotic.


             And then slowly, very slowly...

She hears a strange TAPPING sound and looks down.


             Vhat? Vhat is this?


             What?







             The feet. The jiggy-jog. Don't do eet. Do
             not move muscle.
             Rigid like plank, like board. NO

             Now...calm. Remember the feelink.


             Feelink...ok.


             And be spontanuous.

Once again his feet start twitching uncontrollably.


             No! Stop! No jiggy-jog!


             I'm being spontanuous.


             Not with the feet, with the sonk!
             You vant to meet beautiful girl?
             You vant to make the Egg?


             Oh yes.


             Well singk! "Ba Ba Bleckship,
             tvinklestar...La la la la la la, la".


                 
             "Twinkle, twinkle, little star. How I..."


             Hokay. Enough. Stop. Hokay! Ve go back to
             the top. Forget the body, look inside the
             soul. No notes, no sonk, only feelink.
             Happy feelink. Sad feelink. Enormous
             feelink, so enormous it fills the whole
             body. It must escape or you explode! Now,
             open your leetle beak...

Mumble opens his beak, inspired.


             Yes, yes, lift up the head! That's it!





Mumble inhales, his eyes are shining, his body is shaking.


          You take a big breath, good and...now! Now!

He's off again, DANCING LIKE A FOOL...wild, exuberant, totally
uninhibited and unselfconscious.

After some time, he remembers himself, stops and turns to the
Mrs Astrakhan who is BANGING HER HEAD against a lump of ice.


          Disaster! Catastroff! I never fail!
          Never!



Follow Mumble as he wanders alone, back towards his class.

He stops some distance away, listening to the other kids who
are now performing with increasing virtuosity.

Ella is among them, her clear high voice borne to him on the
wind.

Mumble sighs and his little shoulders sink, no way he'll ever
be able to sing like that.


          Its tough when you realise you'll never
          fit in. Plus I was beginning to moult

A piece of downy fluff is peeling off one wing


          I couldn't face the class in this mood So
          I just kept going.

Music over: Walk on By as he wanders through the vast colony
head down against the wind, little feet padding over the ice,

Gradually the colony begins to thin.


          Looking for what? I don't know? A
          different type of penguin?

The noise of the colony has faded behind him. He stops and
looks up.







             And that's exactly what I found.







Before him, a wasteland of discoloured ice covered with
broken eggs and bits of feather. There are very few penguins
here and the ones he can see are all, frankly, weird.

A Penguin walks in an endless figure of eight muttering to
himself. Another has his flippers wrapped tightly around
himself like a straightjacket. A troubled Penguin sings
angrily..."There's no business like show business.

CU on Mumble. As he looks back to the sanctuary of the colony
and then back out over the wasteland


             Not the nicest place in the world but at
             least you could do what you liked here.

Fade in Music:  and Mumble is off,
skittering over the rubbish strewn ice, little feet dancing
to his hearts content until....

a shadow passes over him and

Whump! a huge SKUA BIRD, twice Mumbles size, with a cruel
flesh-eating beak, lands on the ice right on front of him.


             Hey, whacha doin' dere flipperbird?


             Me? Oh, nothing. What are you doing?

THREE MORE SKUAS descend. MUMBLE is surrounded.


             Oh we just dropped in for a spota lunch.
             Hey hey hey...


                 
             Lunch?...There's food? Here?







                 
             Leg or wing?

Their dark eyes fix on Mumble. He is starting to feel uneasy
and backs away.


             But ...but. I'm a penguin.


             Exackly! De flipperbirds - dat's you -
             eat de fish. De flyinbirds - dat's me -
             eat de flipperbird an' de fish.
             Right now D'ain't no fish -- so...you do the
             math.

The FIRST SKUA moves in on MUMBLE.


             And dis time I'm getting the juicy bits.


             I don't have juicy bits! Look...
             all bone and feather! Feel for yourself.

They fall over each other, fighting to take up Mumble's
invitation.


             ...Hey, break me off a piec'a dat!
             ...'Smyturn ta pullimapart ya skanky shit-
             squirter.
             ...You! Lastime ya pullimapart ya took
             all the choice stuff!


             Wait! WAIT!

The Skuas stop momentarily.


             Every seen anything like this?

He does a wild little TAPDANCE hoping to distract them.


                 
             Nope.






He knocks Mumble down and places his HUGE CLAW on his chest.


          Ok boys, for once we gonna do dis
          civilised. Now...

The FIRST SKUA opens his beak to strike. Mumble has noticed a
YELLOW PLASTIC BAND around the Skua's leg.


          Hey! What's that on your leg?

The FIRST SKUA halts his attack.


          Interesting you should ask?


          No! No! Don't startim on that!

He turns and whacks the other SKUAS over the head with his
wing.


          Shaddap! The flipperbird aksed me a
          question.
              (fixing Mumble with a crazy
               bloodshot eye.)
          I got two words for ya: "Alien
          Abduction".


                
          ... Now of all times
          ... Always before we eat


          Quiet ya ignorant morons!
                
          ...a lotta folks don't believe this but
          ...dere's somet'in out dere. Creatures. Not
          like us. Bigger...Fiercer...smarter, too.

MUMBLE takes a few steps back, looking for an escape.The
FIRST SKUA towering over him...


          Aks me how I know.








          How...?


          `Cos I bin capturebyem that's how! I seen
          `em!

Mumble keeps backing off, feigning interest...


          Unbelievable.


          Whaddayamean unbelievable?! It's true!
          I'm sittin' on a rock, mindin' my own
          business when suddenly...
          dere onta me. Dese bein's...like big ugly
          penguins, fat flabby faces
          with frontways eyes, no feathers, no
          beaks...an' dese, dese appendages!
          Dey probe me, dey tiemeup and
          strapmedown...dey take dis pointy t'ing
          and stick it inta me! Den...blackout!


          You don't say


          Gets worse! I woke up and there's dis
          thing on me!
              
          Go home and every flyinbird starts
          dissin' me: `Hey Yellaleg'`What's
          happenin' Whats that on your leg,
          Yellaleg?'
          It was humiliatin'!!


          At least those aliens didn't eat you.


          True. I guess my cries for mercy appealed
          to their better nature.


          So - You think I could appeal to your
          better nature?


          Nice try kid. But No...





He opens his beak wide as MUMBLE stumbles backwards and falls
into a narrow CREVICE in the ice.


             Hey! Whatcha think ya doin' down dere
             flipperbird? Get back up here dis minute!

The other Skuas move in to help. MUMBLE cowers in the CRACK
as they spear at him with their beaks.


             ...Come on, out witcha!
             ...Ya sneaky-ass flipperbird!

They can't get hold of him. Frustrated, they turn on the
FIRST SKUA, squabbling and whacking each other with their
wings.


             ...Great, Yellaleg.
             ...What did we tell ya
             ...ya leddim geddaway, dincha with ya
             screwy alientalk.


             Hey, Don't peck me or I'll peck you and
             when I peck you know you've been
             pecked...

MUMBLE watches from the safety of the crack as they fight and
argue viciously among themselves


             Compared with that, school almost seemed
             like fun



MUMBLE stands some distance back from where the other young
penguins are taking school lessons.


             Most days I hid at the back, dreaming
             about the world beyond

MUMBLE looks up at a cloud that resolves itself into the
unmistakable shape of a FISH. As he watches, the cloud morphs
into something that resembles a WHALE. Then morphs again
into...a SEAL. Then into the shape of an upright CREATURE with
bulging eyes and tentacled hands.






             Time passed. We all grew up



As the class transforms into moulting adolescents


             But right up to graduation I never did
             find my heartsong




Dozens of MATURE ADOLESCENTS...their coats almost fully moulted
to reveal the sleek, shiny black and white feathers
underneath.

They stand in a group talking excitedly until the lead
penguin, Caruso, walks up and everyone falls silent


             Graduates, today you leave the safety of
             our community for the first time,
             forsaking the trusted solid ice for the
             terrible magic of the deep.


             Caruso. He couldn't help himself.


             Things are not as they were. For five
             years now we have known nothing but
             famine. But you are our hope. Upon your
             survival depends the very future of the
             entire Penguin Nation. Dive deep, swim
             far. May the Great Penguinus go with you.
             And remember...

With solemn gravity, CARUSO throws his flippers into the air
and shouts.


             Excelsi-yah! Yah yah yah!


             Excelsi-yah ! Yah yah yah!





Follow Mumble as he returns to his parents. In his adult
plumage he's distinguishable by a small birthmark, like a
bowtie on his chest and a small tuft of down on his head
which has not yet moulted off.

Music Over: Schools Out by Alice Cooper


          Dad, Ma, can I go with the others

NORMA J. puts a protective flipper around her son.


          I don't know Wishful. I still don't think
          he's ready.


          Dad? I'll learn to sing later. I'll find
          my voice out there. In the deep. Truly.

Glancing round he sees the class moves off en masse across
the ice...heading for the sea.


          Dad. Pul-eeeze.

Wishful leans forwards, pulls off Mumbles tuft with his beak.


          Yeooow!!


          On you go then, buddy


          Thanks Pop. See ya Ma.

He races off, Norma J calling after him:


              
          Remember `Stranger Danger'! Never talk to
          a seal!


Mumble turns to wave, falls over, gets up and races on after
the others with his strange hippity-hop little gait.






Watching from a distance, Norma J wipes away tears


             Oh my. Stupid. I'm sorry...

Wishful pats her comfortingly


                   
             ...You think we'll ever see him again


                 
             Its out of our flippers



A high shot reveals the miles of frozen ice that the
GRADUATES have to cover to get to the sea.

Some are shuffling along on their feet; others are
tobogganing.

A long way behind them we see the lone figure of MUMBLE
racing to catch up.



The juvenile penguins stand in a bunch, peering down looking
for somewhere to dive in.


             ...What do you think, here?
             ...Are you kidding?
             ...How about over here then?

They shuffle off in a group to a nearby spot.


             ...That last place looked better.


             ..I agree.
             ..Much better.

They all shuffle back to the previous spot and stand there,
frozen by indecision


             ...then again....





Suddenly the little dark figure of MUMBLE barrels through the
pack, yelling


             Outta my way flipperbirds! Coming
             through!!

For a long moment he's airborne.

Then...he hits the water with a strangled squawk!...and
disappears.


             ...What was that?


             Mumble?

They tentatively crane over the edge. No sign of him. They
peer into the water.


             ...Lunatic!
             ...where did he go?
             ...See any blood?

Then...MUMBLE shoots out of the water like a missile...


             Whatcha waiting for? It's
             fantast...

... as he falls back under water again.


              Go Mumble!

Without hesitation ELLA follows him.

The others follow ELLA. A few at first, then all of them en
masse leap yelling and hollering.



The penguins flounder around, flapping, laughing, and choking


             I had an instinct I'd be good at this.
             Actually we all were. We were the best.





Transformed into creatures of grace and exuberance, they
swoop and dive trailing plumes of bubbles.

Over this: the music of THE BEACH BOYS.


             "Suntanned bodies and the waves of
             sunshine.
             Those California girls and the beautiful
             coastline.
             In the warmed up weather, let's get
             together and do it again..."

Two PENGUINS shoot up through HOLES IN THE ICE...



Skidding out of control, they COLLIDE, ending up in a
breathless heap on top of each other.


             Mumble?


             Ella?

They scramble to their feet...but the ice is slippery.They
clutch together, slipping and sliding.


             Woah!


             I've got you! No I don't.

Leaning against each other, they manage to stand up, close
now, eyes meeting.


             Yes I do.

A brief moment then.


             Hi Ella.









             The only bad thing about being with Ella.
             It was always so darned crowded.

As others pop up all around


             ...Ella!
             ...Where da get to?
             ...there you are!

Laughing, she dives into the water. The young males follow
her. MUMBLE hippity-hops to the edge and tumbles in after
her.



A half dozen of them gambolling together, their bubble trails
intertwining...


             "In the warmed up weather, let's get
             together and do it again."

Then everyone freezes as a few silvery FISH swim past.




They all zero in.

Collisions, barging, a bit like water polo when the ball is
first thrown in. In an instant...all the fish are taken.



MUMBLE surfaces with a fish in his beak


                 
             Ella? You get one?


             Not this time.


                 
             Here, have it.








             Thank you Mumble, but it's yours.


                 
             I want you to have it.


             Why don't I have it


Suddenly, A SKUA BIRD swoops down and grabs it.


             Hey! That's a felony! Mumble, let go!

Mumble hangs on. Neither he not the Skua will let go. The
SKUA soars higher, taking MUMBLE with him.


                 
             Mumble!

MUMBLE is carried...higher and higher. The SKUA tries hard to
shake him off, but finally gives up.


                 
             So fly flipperbird. Fly.

He lets go the fish and MUMBLE plummets downwards, landing
Splat! on an ice floe.



Mumble lies still

Ella and the others gather around. MUMBLE still has the FISH
firmly in his beak.


             ...Is he breathing?
             ...he's certainly not eating

Leaning forward to take the fish


             ...Maybe I should just...

Mumble regains consciousness






             Hey. The fish is for Ella
                 
             Take it. Really. Its for you

ELLA leans forward, takes the fish, and daintily gulps it
down.


             Thank you.


                 
             You're welcome.



The entire sky is ablaze with the shimmering LIGHTS of the


The PENGUINS stand below, looking up in wonder. They sing:


             "Gotta keep those lovin' good Vibrations
             a happenin' with her, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The HARMONIES are exquisite until...


                   
             "...Good, Good, Good...Good VibRatiOns..."

The singing STOPS.


             ...Mumble,
             ...Knock it off.

The singing RESUMES.


             "Gotta keep those lovin' good Vibrations
             A happenin' with her."

Another CRESCENDO...


             "Ahhh..."

It's too much for MUMBLE.






             "...AaahhhhHhhhhhhhhhhhhHhhhhhh..."

This stops the whole thing dead. ELLA pads over to him.


                 
             Mumble, the thing is...


             I know. I know


             ....It's better if you just listen.

She returns to the choir. The singing resumes...a perfect
harmonic MUMBLE can't help himself. He begins to TAP DANCE.





                 
                 OK! I'll quit. OK!



We find MUMBLE on his own small ice-floe separate from the
others on their iceberg.

As their singing drifts across to him, MUMBLE does an
exquisite little SOFT-SHOE SHUFFLE.



As night slowly pales to a misty dawn and Mumbles lonely
floe drifts off, turning slowly in the current

Music Over: "The tracks of my tears"



He is woken by A NUDGE at his little raft of ice.


                 
             Woah. Whose there.

Another nudge.







             OK. I'm awake now. You got me

He looks around - an unfamiliar landscape of ice - then over
the side, seeing nothing but slowly spreading ripples.

A more VIOLENT NUDGE from behind almost makes him lose his
balance. A DARK SHAPE passes swiftly through the water.


             Saw you. Richard? Eddie? Ella....

The dark shape SHOOTS out of the water. Its GAPING JAWS
missing Mumble by an inch.


             ......aaarghH!

As he recoils, slips and tumbles into the WATER.



Choking, thrashing and gulping air, Mumble SCRAMBLES to get
back onto the ice.


             Everybody out!! LEOPARD SEAL!! 

The murderous creature comes at him, jaws open, baring rows
of sharp TEETH and MUMBLE swims for his life.

The LEOPARD SEAL is relentless, barging through smaller
floes, powering around larger ones.

Mumble just CAN'T SHAKE HIM OFF. Desperate, he shoots up into
the air, landing on a THIN PANCAKE OF ICE that cannot support
his weight.




Mumble scrambles to gain purchase but FALLS BACK INTO THE
WATER. Now he is ...



...caught between the SOLID ICE above him and the bottomless
black WATER below.







Mumble POWERS ahead, the ice above growing thicker, the
angled ceiling forcing him down, deeper into the BLACKNESS.

The Leopard Seal opens its mouth. Its GAPING JAWS are about
to engulf Mumble when...

a little SPECK OF LIGHT appears in the ceiling of ice. Mumble
makes a speedy sharp turn, climbing steeply.

He is in a FUNNEL OF ICE...getting narrower and narrower as it
rises to the surface. The Leopard Seal is CLOSING fast.
MUMBLE shoots THROUGH the hole in the ice and into the air...



A small group of ADELIE PENGUINS recoil as MUMBLE explodes
out of the hole, closely followed by the LEOPARD SEAL.

WHAM! THUMP! They belly-flop on the ice .


                   
             ...Ouch!
             ...That's gotta hurt!
             ...Who ordered seal?

Mumble is quickly on his feet and out of the Leopard Seal's
reach. The ADELIES TAUNT the bulky creature like matadors


             ...Over here
             ...No over here. Too slow!
             ...have to lose some weight pesado

The frustrated Leopard Seal snaps and snarls impotently.


             Yeah go chase someone your own size, ya
             big.......blubberhead.

Taunting it with a cheeky little TAP DANCE. The Adelies love
it.


             Hey, amigo. Do that again!


             Do what?
                 
              I didn't do anything.






             That thing with The feet.
                 
             ¡Hola muchachos!
             
             Show them!


             Well...I just kind of go ...like this...and
             then this...

Bolder now, he does a few neat steps.


             ...¡Oye! Ritmo Cubana!
             ...¡Riba Riba! Shake those hips!
             ...Yo penguino, bust a move!

They COPY HIM, improvising little riffs on his dance step.
The LEOPARD SEAL inches up behind them.


             ...Then mebbe something like...
             ...No. I got it. Watch me!

An Adelie adds an ACROBATIC variation of his own. The LEOPARD
SEAL is almost upon them.


             Or how about ...

MUMBLE adds a neatly executed slide just as the LEOPARD SEAL
strikes. MUMBLE avoids the lunge and the creature's face
comes down hard on the ice


                   
             ...Eat my ice, lardface.
             ...Kiss my frozen toosh, rubber butt

They fall about laughing. The Leopard Seal returns to the
water.


             I know where you live.


             ...Yeah, it's called The Land, tubby.
             ...Flop back anytime!






Laughing hysterically at their own jokes they strut off.
MUMBLE watches them go.


             ...Hey, ain't you coming, tallboy?
             ...Or you got something better to do?

MUMBLE looks out at the endless sea of floating ice-pancakes,
all the way to the horizon. Nothing...

He shrugs and hurries off after his new friends.



A strange cacophony building as The four ADELIE AMIGOS and
MUMBLE crest the rise, to see...



A vast, boisterous ADELIE PENGUIN COMMUNITY. Thousands of
them, stretching as far as the eye can see. Its very Rio,
very samba, worlds away from the sedate Emperor colony.


             Wow, there are so many of you!


             ...Hey, this is nothin'.
             ...Used to be twice as many of us.
             ...Yeah, back when you could still catch a
             fish.


             The shortage has affected you too?!


             ...Who you calling shortish?
             ...All I know is a lot of us
             ain't comin' back.
             ....And Some folks so hungry they eating
             rocks

Sure enough An ADELIE walks by, a PEBBLE in his beak.


                   
             ...Eating rocks!!?
             ...That is major funny.








             Why funny? That's terrible


             ...Just kidding the rocks are for nest-
             building
             ...That's how its works here. The one with
             the most rocks gets the chicas.
             ..Chica boom chica boom chica boom boom



             So why aren't you guys collecting them


             ..Cos we got personality!.
             ...Without us the chicas got no boom boom.
             ...Without us the fiesta will be a siesta..
             ...Watch and learn tallboy.

One of the Adelies calls to a pair of YOUNG FEMALES he sees
walking by.


             ...Hola Conchita!

The Adelies pose, RUFFLING UP THEIR CRESTS into various
styles: the MOHAWK, the FLAT-TOP...


             ...See something you like?

...trying to top each other, they add HIPPITY-HOPS they've just
learned from Mumble. The females are intrigued.


             Hey. Cool. Where'd you learn that?


             ...The big guy.
             ...He from out of town.
             ...He with us.


             Do it again.


             ...Sorry Show's over.
                   
             ...Treat em mean and keep em keen





          ...hold back `til the season, when they
          begging for it.


              
          Yeah guys, in your dreams


          ...You see. Some penguins got it, some
          don't And the Amigos,  WE GOT


They punch and bump each other playfully.


          ....you think I could get some of it?


          Hombre, you got so much already, you
          dangerous.

He touches Mumble and recoils as if burnt


           Yow!


          You really think so?


          ...You got the biggest personality of any
          of us.
          ...Except for me, maybe.
          ...Put that ego away, Ramon, you gonna hurt
          someone.



Music over: Carlos Santana's "Oyé Como Va".


          So for a while I forgot about finding a
          song altogether.

The Adelies and Mumble form a conga, weaving in and out of
the nest builders, aiming a kick here and there at their
industrious brethren






             ...We were a team

the Adelies swoop and dive, corralling a FEW SMALL FISH into
a CREVICE.

The fish, darting to and fro are suddenly confronted by
Mumble's OPEN BEAK.



Mumble shares out the catch




             ...there was so much to do, so much to
             see

Mumble and the adeles come shooting down a long curving
Slippery dip


             ...¡Arriba!
             ..Addidas amigos!

As they shoot off the slippery-dip and into the sea mumble
whacks his head on the edge of the ice



The Adelies shoot back up to the surface. Mumble sinks,
slightly dazed, watching the kalaeidescope patters of the
surface recede.

Music Over: "Ground Control to major Tom"




             ...Where's the tall-boy
             ...I thought he was with you.

They jump back in to look for him





Mumble keeps sinking, down down down into a great cathedral-
like space, lit by eerie shards of underwater light.


             ....stuff down there beyond my wildest
             imagining.

Imbedded in the base of the glacier, the rusting remains of,
An OLD YELLOW EXCAVATOR projecting out of the glacier.

It hangs there, inscrutable, like a great yellow totem.

Mumble, dwarfed by it, contemplates it for a while, then
ventures inside, into the body of the BEAST.



A rusting steering column, a perforated dashboard.

He pecks at the metal, trying to taste it, listening to the
sound it makes.



In the shimmering space outside the bulldozer, the ADELIES
congregate.


             ... You sure he went in there?
             ...Mumble!
             ...Done go near it, looks like it can
             bite

One of them smims closer to the great jaws


             Ramos!

Mumble pops his head out from between the jaws


             Oh! There you are

Terrified the Adelies scatter and shoot to the surface like
missiles.


             Guys!    I want to speak to you.





The Adelies are heading back to their colony as fast as their
little legs will carry then. Mumble Hippity hops after them


          ...Forget it
          ...We're not going back there
          ...Never


          But its dead. It can't hurt you


          ...Maybe its got a brother still alive.



          But that's what we have to find out.
          Don't you see. Things like that could be
          eating the fish.

The idea is so stunningly original it stops them in their
tracks.


          Okay. Okay. Here's the plan: we go and
          ask the revered one.


          The who?


          ...Reverend Loveday.
          ...The One who Knows
          ...First we gonna need stones though


          Why stones? Wait for me



MUMBLE and the ADELIE AMIGOS are bunched together, near the
head of a LONG QUEUE of Adelies each with a stone or in their
beak.

At the head of this queue stands LOVEDAY - guardian of a huge
pile of pebbles. His head pokes through one of the rings a
PLASTIC SIX-PACK CAN HOLDER festooned with seaweed like a






A group of Soul singers, mainly female, sway in the
background, singing a soulful song of adoration as the
Penguin ahead of Mumble steps forward.


             First, the devotion...

The PENGUIN adds his pebble to the pile.

LOVEDAY holds up a flipper for silence and a hush falls over
the gospel choir


             A moment...
                 
                 ... and your question?


             Señor Loveday, My wife is one of the
             Disappeared ones Tell me is she alive?

Loveday hyperventillates, his eyes roll up in his head


             The Mystic Beings are speaking to me.
             Yes! She is alive and happy and you are
             in her thoughts...


             But is she with another male?


             One pebble, one question. Next!

The AMIGOS push MUMBLE forward. He is at least a head taller
than the others.


             I sense...you are the one with the
             question.


             ...How does he do it?
             ...He just one look and he know.

Mumble places the pebble on the pile. A long Pause


             A little nervous? That's normal. Take
             your time.





In fact Mumble is mesmerised by the luight catching LOVEDAY's
six pack holder. He bends forwards to study it more closely


          I was wondering. Have You ever been
          abducted by Aliens?


          No time wasters. Next!


          ...Señor! That's not his question. He's new
          here.
                
          ...The yellow thing
          ...Ask him what's taking the fish?


              
          ...you see I met a Skua once, with
          something like that on his legs....


          ...Skua? Leg? What's he talking about?


          ... and he said he was abducted by
          Aliens.


              
          Listen friend, this is my Sacred
          Talisman, bestowed upon me by the Mystic
          Beings...


          Looks like they bestowed it very tight.


          ...during my Epic Journey of
          Enlightenment to the Forbidden Shore!


          So these Mystic Beings, did you see them?


          I hear them. They talk to me all the time
          I am their instrument. They chose me
          to......







          Did they have frontways eyes? No
          feathers? Fat flabby faces? Did they
          probe you and stick a pointy thing into
          you?


          Enough! How many questions is that? You
          don't have enough pebbles.



          ...Yeah, one pebble, one question.
          ...We've all got stuff to ask, pal!


          But I haven't had any answers yet!


          SILENCIO!! The Mystic Beings are
          speaking. They say show some respect
          stranger. Especially to the One who
          Knows.

A hush falls over the gathering.


          The reason there are not enough fish is
          simple: There is not enough love in the
          world. Love is the answer!

One cue the gospel choir start singing: All you need is Love


              
          Okay, everybody, turn around to the
          penguin next to you and give them a great
          big hug. Comeon, everybody...hug! This is a
          safe place.

The gathering hug awkwardly. Mumble, because of his towering
height, has trouble embracing the Adelie next to him.


          Now. The Mating Season starts today so
          here's what everybody should do: go forth
          and multiply! If you'll excuse I myself
          must retire for a moment to the couch of
          indulgence... okay ladies, who's gonna be
          first





MUMBLE and the ADELIES are jostled aside in the STAMPEDE of
FEMALES as the gospel group break ranks and mob him


          ..Me Loveday.
          ..Me!
          ..No Me !


          One at a time! And don't touch the
          Talisman!


          ....I liked him better when he was just
          plain Pedro.
          ...Did he say it starts today
          ...why didn't someone tell us.
          ...We gotta get to work guys!!

They start posturing for the any FEMALES they can attract


          ...¡Hola Baby! Get your chica boom-boom
          here.
          ... Turn round, look at us!.

A couple of females look up from the scrum


          ...How many rocks you got.


          ...Forget `em honey. They only one
          between the six of them...and they just
          spent it.


              
          Wait. Look.

The Adelies all start DANCING MADLY, but it is too frenetic,
too desperate.


          ...You like it
          ...Arriba!
          ...What do you need stones for









          Try sitting on the ice for a month. It
          might come to you Salsa Boy. Come on,
          Consuela.

Rejected, the Amigos stop dancing.


          ...Their loss, guys.
          ...Ramon, where you going?

Ramon is SEARCHING frantically for PEBBLES.


          Gotta be some rocks left here somewhere!
              
          Hey big guy, got any love stones over
          where you come from?


          We don't collect them. All we have to do
          is , well... We sing


          ...Easy as that?
          ...So why aren't you over there?

Mumble looks at them. Then opens his beak and demonstrates:


          La la la la la la la laaaaaaaaaaaaa!!


              
          ...What's he doing?
          ...Its a distress call
          ...Its world music
          ...Get out of here!


          See. That's how I ended up with you guys.
          And emperor who can't sing isn't an
          emperor at all.


          Man. You're an emperor all right, You're
          a king among emperors. The singing we can
          fix.








          You can?!


          No problem. Which way's this colony of
          yours?

Leading off.


          ...We'll all come.
          ...Yeah I like em tall.
          ...You jus' gotta do exac'ly as I say.



It is autumn, the EMPEROR PENGUINS for the mating season.

It is just like the GREAT GATHERING we saw at the beginning
of our story. Males and females sing their Heartsongs. And
ONE SONG stands out from all the others.

Where NORMA J. once sang, stands ELLA, now sleek and fully
mature. Gathered around her in a semi-circle, a half a dozen
adoring MALES.


          Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?
          Voulez-vous coucher avec moi?

Suddenly she becomes aware of a MELLIFLUOUS MALE VOICE
overlapping hers. It has a curious bossa nova rhythm.


          Tall and tanned and young and lovely
          The Girl from Ipanema goes walking
          And when she passes each guy she passes
          goes `Aaaah'

Ella turns to see: a PENGUIN backlit by the sun, standing
HEROICALLY on a little rise, just as WISHFUL did.

Ella recognizes those TAPPING FEET. Could this be MUMBLE?She
moves closer to investigate.


          Oh, and I want her so badly
          How can I tell her I love her?
          Yes I would give my heart gladly






             But each day when she walks to the sea,
             She looks straight ahead not at me...."


             Mumble?


             Tall and tanned and young and lovely..


                 
             Hi Ella, what do you think?

Ella, suspicious moves to one side. Mumble moves to block her
view. She moves further tound and sees:


             ¡Hola bonita!

Obviously he's been singing while Mumble mimes


             Mumble, that's just cheap

She turns and heads off. The Adelie starts after her.


             Wait up! You and me baby, we can make
             sweet music. I may be short but I'm a
             love god...Ooww!

Mumble smacks him with the back of a flipper and goes off
after Ella himself.


             Ella. Wait!

She stops. He takes her by the shoulders Shes upset.


             I'm sorry.


                 
             When you left without saying goodbye I
             thought something had happened, then I
             thought he just doesn't care.









          Don't care? I never stopped thinking
          about you.


          And then when I saw you singing, for a
          second I thought...


          I can't sing.


          I know. I know. Its impossible.


She walks off.


          But I'll show you something better

He TAPS an up-tempo, syncopated rhythm on the ice.


          Sing something to this!


              
          What's the point. It's embarrassing


          Just try it. This once.

Ella begins to hum Never Can Say Goodbye ironically and
without conviction.


          Okay, that'll work. Just keep it going.

The singing ADELIE joins in...acapella, very rhythmic


          "...turn around you fool
          You know I love you more and more..."

Right on cue, the rest of the AMIGOS appear on either side of
him, singing back-up.









          "Tell me why is it so
          Don't wanna let you go
          I never can say goodbye, no...no no no..."

Curious, ELLA TURNS.

Framed between the Adelies, Mumble strikes a pose, holds it
for a moment... then lets rip.

He TAP DANCES...UNINHIBITED, WILD, JOYOUS. The ADELIES
accompany him. They know all the moves and it is INFECTIOUS

FEET are beginning to tap, couples are beginning to
improvise... singing along, trying out the dance steps.

Now ELLA is caught up in it. AND MUMBLE IS DANCING LIKE NO



          This is it Ella! This is the song inside
          me!

ELLA is ecstatic. Just when we think the WHOLE COLONY will be
swept up into the abandon. A DARK FIGURE steps forward


              


ELLA STOPS DANCING. MUMBLE misses a beat, loses his footing,
trips and goes sliding across the ice to the feet of CARUSO
and the ELDERS.






          I'm just showing them Happy Feet


          Happy WHAT?! This is an OUTRAGE!

The ADELIES shuffle uncomfortably. Caruso turns to the rest
of the emperors









          It is exactly this kind of disrespectful,
          heretic behaviour that has brought the
          Scarcity upon us! Don't you see...we are
          being brought to account by the
          Forefathers!


          ... The kid was never quite the full
          Penguin.
          ... It all began the year he hatched.
          ... That's right! He's the one who brought
          the blight!


              
          Wait. Wait. You think it's my fault that
          there are no fish?!! Doing Happy Feet
          can't cause a food shortage.


          ...then what did?!


          My own opinion? I think living beyond
          the ice there are creatures we've never
          met before Aliens. Mystic Beings. Big,
          flabby......


              
          ...He has abandoned the faith.
          ...He has driven the fish away.


              
          ...Come on hombre, loosen up,
          ...the tall guy was just trying to....


          Don't touch me! Heathen!!

He BATS the ADELIES aside like skittles. Mumble intervenes





                
          ...Skua talk!! He's talking Skua talk!





            ...He's the spawn of evil!!
            ...The devil penguin!!!


            This is craziness


            No, Son they're right.

Wishful emerges from the crowd


            You too pa?!


            Truth is, I'm the cause of it. I dropped
            the egg. I made you how you are. If only
            you'd come back to us, relinquish the
            dark side


            No. Dad. No. What have they done to you.
            You're talking like Caruso.


            Just do it. Pray to the Forefathers for
            forgiveness.


            No. You're nuts. All of you. I'm outa
            here.

MUMBLE walks away. The community part to let him go. Ella
chases after him.


            Wait! Mumble!

Catching up with him


            Its no use Ella. I can't live with that.


            Can you live without it?

He stops.









          I believe in you, Mumble. But without the
          huddle we can't make an egg. Without the
          egg, what are we here for?


          ...True
          ...That's a big question


          Guys. Can Me and Ella be alone for a bit

The Adelies give them space


          OK. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm
          going to talk an alien. I'm going to find
          what's causing the shortage


          But what about?...


          Its the only way. You're right. Unless
          we have food theres no future for any of
          us - you, me the adelies, anyone


          But...


          Give me a year, just until the next great
          gathering. If I don't make it back ....at
          least I tried


          But...


          Now go back. I love you. Go.

Ella returns to the community. As she does so, CARUSO begins
to CHANT the Gathering answers.


          "Together we stand"


          "Divided we freeze."







             Recite the Wisdoms!


             "In the Wisdoms we trust."


             "When all others leave..."


             "We Remain."


             Louder. More fervent bretheren.
             "When the Sun vanishes..."


             "We Remain."

ELLAS watches through tears as the tiny figures of Mumble and
the Adelies dwindle to specks and disappear into the mist.



Mumble and the Adelies have put the colony far behind,
trekking homewards


             Tell me again where we're going.


             To find the mystic beings.


             How do we know where they live.


             We'll ask Loveday. He's been there.



Most of the Adelies are sitting on nests. The Adeleies and
Mumble trek past them a protective mother takes a peck at
them.


             ...Not so close. We got babies on board


             ...Wow. Does nesting make em touchy





They find LOVEDAY at the back of what is left of his PEBBLE
PILE. He sits leaning against it...exhausted.


             ...LOVEDAY, you okay??
             ...what happened
             ...Too much boom-boom for one penguin?

MUMBLE kicks a bunch of pebbles at him.


             Just one question! And I want a straight
             answer! Where do I find the Mystic
             Beings?

LOVEDAY tries to raise himself up. A tight low gurgling
rumbles from his throat.


             Why don't he speak?

LOVEDAY gurgles and points wildly to the SIX-PACK PLASTIC
round his neck.


             Talisman...sounds like Talisman!!

LOVEDAY coughs. His eyes bulge.


             ...He's possessed!
             ...It's a seizure!


             No. He's choking! The Talisman's gotten
             way too tight.


             ...Why din' you say so?
             ...Hold on we gonna take it off.
             ...You pull that side, I pull this side.

They tug at the SIX-PACK PLASTIC. LOVEDAY GASPS AND WINCES.


             Stop. You're hurting him.

The Adelies back off.








          Any better?

LOVEDAY gives a little `so-so' gesture with his flipper.


          ...It not gonna come off.
          ...Of course it's not! It's sacred!


          LOVEDAY, where did you get it?


          ...It was bestowed on him.
          ...By the Mystic Beings!

LOVEDAY shakes his head sadly.


          They didn't bestow it on you?


          ...Poor Guy.
          ...He don't know what he's saying.


          If it wasn't bestowed, what happened?

LOVEDAY mimes swimming.


          ...Oh, this one's easy.
          ...He swam....
          ...On his Hectic Journey of Delightenment...
          ...To the Forbidding Shore.


          And then....?

LOVEDAY mimes the talisman going over his head.


          ...Well to me that's gotta be bestowing.

LOVEDAY shakes his head, `no'. He stretches his neck.


          You looked up and...... It just got caught
          around your neck?







          ...No way. No. He's the revered one
          ...He speaking symbolically.

LOVEDAY hangs his head. A TEAR slides down his beak.


              
          Loveday, did you ever meet a Mystic
          Being? Really?

Beaten, LOVEDAY shakes his head `No' The Adelies are stunned
into silence.


          But this thing was made by someone. And
          if we find them, they could take it off.

LOVEDAY looks up, a glimmer of hope in his eye.


          So where do we Go, Loveday

Loveday Then he makes a strange "Oi, Oi, Oi" sound.


          Oh my! Now he thinks he's an Elephant
          Seal

LOVEDAY nods and points towards the mountains.


          He wants to go to the top of the
          mountain.

LOVEDAY shakes his head.


          The forbidden place is over the
          mountains...

LOVEDAY nods.


          ...In the land of the Elephant Seals!!?

LOVEDAY gestures wildly with his flippers!


          ...Beyond the land of the Elephant Seals!!?





LOVEDAY nods `YES!!' and falls back in exhaustion.


          So who's coming


          Oi



The Adelies labour uphill into the wind. LOVEDAY is lagging
behind, breathing hard.

Even MUMBLE and the AMIGOS are puffing with the effort of the
climb.

Music Over: He aint heavy he's my brother.


          ...Stop. Enough. We must've gone past it
          ...Past? Don't kid me. We're not even
          close.

Then on the wind comes a fiant `Oi, Oi, Oi'.


          Hear that?!

As they crest the peak, sure enough, down below: the LAND of
the ELEPHANT SEALS. Thousands of them.


          ...Refresh my memory do elephant seals eat
          penguin?
          ...No, no...jus' krill and fish.
          ...Sure of your facts are you?

Not waiting, Mumble launches himself over the other side,
slip-sliding down the mountain. One by one the ADELIES
follow.


          Well I guess we're about to find out



The beach is literally heaving.

MUMBLE and the ADELIES come tumbling and sliding right up to
two HUGE SEALS.






                 (big-bellied, booming southern
                  voice)
             Well roll me over and call me a dugong.
             What the heck have we got here

The Adelies bunch up behind Mumble


             Excuse me, we need directions...to the
             Forbidden Shore.


             Sure. Just git yourselves over them there
             hills I'd come with you myself but...


             Woah Woah. You aint told em half of it:
             over them hills, beyond the great
             glacier, `n' through the blizzard
             country.

The Good Ole Boys are into ONE-UPMANSHIP.


             Anyhow. Its its forbidden to go there.


             I heard its forbidden to ask how to get
             there!


             We're looking for the Mystic Beings


             Mystic Who?


             Aliens, the ones who made this.

He indicates the SIX-PACK PLASTIC around LOVEDAY'S neck.

SEAL 1 lowers it's massive head down to face LOVEDAY.
Wheezing he examines the plastic with first with one eye,
then the other, before announcing his verdict.


             Blizzard Walkers!
             Cut you up soon as look at you.







          Cut you up before they look at you.


          Could they be taking our fish?


          Could be!? I heard they'd take a whole
          penguin, rip its skin right off and turn
          it into mush.


          Huh! That's a Picnic! I hear tell they'd
          take a baby seal and club it to death.
          With their bare clubs.


          Huh! Clubbing's a Clambake! My Granpappy
          says they been known to skin a seal from
          snout to tail in a hot second.


          Your Granpappy don't know squat! What I
          hear they take your sorry carcass, melt
          you down, burn you up, take your fur `n'
          fat and turn you into a wide variety of
          useful items!


          The hell with "useful" Those critters'd y
          turn you into a food item! Little
          popsicle things! Ya hear me? One day
          you're a big ole whale and the next
          minute, FUNFOOD!!


          But If your grandpappys saw them and they
          survived, maybe they're not so fierce.


          You calling me a liar son?


          He's calling your grandpappy a liar. And
          you know what, Maybe he's right.


          Why you. Flop over here and say that!

They start fighting, lunging and flopping on each other






          Come on Loveday, lets go


              
          ...Go where?
          ...didn't you hear what he said
          ...Its Forbidden


          They don't know. They've never been there


          Stop! I'm hearing voices. The mystical
          guys. They say:
          "Your life is perfectly good as it
          is...forget this stupid mission".

MUMBLE and LOVEDAY keep trekking.


          Ramon. That was embarrassing, man.

And reluctantly, he trails after them. As do...


          ...Oh no, don' do this to us.
          ...I'm a lover not a fighter
          ...The first sign of Popsicles or funfood
          of any kind, I turn round and go back




MUMBLE, LOVEDAY and the ADELIES are tiny specks, struggling
over a series of great ridges.


          So we walked ... and walked .. and kept
          walking. Over the hills and into Blizzard
          country

A SNOW STORM breakes over them. A screaming wind brings total
WHITE-OUT. The Penguins have to shout to make themselves
heard.


          ...Oh man! This is no place for a penguin!
          ...We should be migrating out to sea by
          now!






             We need to huddle!


             Huddle??!


             Form a moving circle! Share the cold,
             share the warmth!

He turns his back to the wind. Immediately the Adelies form a
STRAIGHT LINE down-wind from him.


             ...Oh yeah, nice.
             ...That's definitely better.
             ...Good call big guy.


             I said a circle!

They form a little huddle, but as soon as Mumble moves from
the upwind position, the Adelies complain.


             ...No, no. This can't be right!
             ...It was better the other way.

They scurry back into a straight line behind Mumble who cops
the FULL BLAST of the GALE.

He gives up and marches off into the driving snow.


             ...Hey!
             ...What happened to the Huddle?!


                  
             Just keep moving! Toboggan, if you have
             to!!

The others lie down, propelling themselves forwards on their
fronts


             ...Oh no, now I got chest pain
             ...tell you, this is a good way to get
             snow blind






          ...just keep moving or you'll get my beak
          up your butt



The blizzard has passed. An eerie stillness.

One by one the Adelies get to their feet and waddle forwards
to where Mumble and Loveday stand, gazing into the distance.

They have finally reached the sea again


          You think this is it? The Forbidden
          Shore?

LOVEDAY chokes out a `yes'.


          ....The way I feel": the "frostbitten"
          shore
          ....So what are those black things?.

Close to the waters edge, the outline of several buildings



The PENGUINS venture through it, dwarfed by the old flensing-
sheds, the chimneys and boiling-vats. Its all now abandoned,
and half concealed by snow.

Around and above them, there are HOOKS, CHAINS, rusting
twisted METALWORK.


          Hello?! Is there anyone out there?

An ominous GROANING as some rusting metal plate moves in the
wind.


          Hello!!


          ...No need to shout.
          ...Yeah, somebody might hear you.
          ...I think we seen all there is to see
          round here.

LOVEDAY is looking at something at his feet.






             What is it?

There, imbedded in the ice: another six pack holder.



Mumble and the Adelies venture out onto the weak ice beyond
the whaling station, finding more and more of the strange
artefacts: a piece of nylon rope, a soda can, a boot.


             They must be here somewhere.
             They wouldn't leave all this stuff lying
             around.


             Maybe they invisible.



They've reached the edge of the sea-ice. LOVEDAY croaks a
warning. He points out to sea.


             What is that?

A WAVE has appeared on the glassy surface of the sea. It is
coming towards them, FAST like the bow wave of an IMMENSE



             A whale?


             As long as it's a good whale, not the
             other kind.

The wave is coming CLOSER.


             What other kind?!!

A massive BLACK DORSAL FIN breaks the surface.


             The ones with teeth!!

The PENGUINS are off and running...






The DORSAL FIN keeps coming like the blade of a demonic
carving knife.

Then the monstrous fin disappears and KABOOM! The killer
whale breaches the ice AHEAD of them, cutting off their
retreat.

They are left stranded on a free-floating ICE FLOE


             ...Jump!
             ...Swim for it!


             No!! Stay on the ice pad where its safe

The little floe is wobbling crazily


             ...You call this safe amigo?
             ...Maybe we should split up.
             ...You split up I'm staying right here.

The KILLER WHALE breaches again, rising like a tower block
out of the ocean.


             Woooaaaahhh!!

The ICE PAD flips, flinging them into the water like a
handful of peanuts.



The PENGUINS head for shore , swimming for their lives.
LOVEDAY, thrashing and wheezing, is unable to keep up.


                 


He swims back. The KILLER WHALE is about to take them both in
one bite. MUMBLE pulls LOVEDAY aside, but he's not quite
quick enough: one of the Whale's outer teeth catches LOVEDAY
by the SIX-PACK PLASTIC and he is DRAGGED AWAY, tethered to
the KILLER WHALE like Captain Ahab.

The WHALE thrashes around wildly trying to dislodge the
hapless little penguin until...






LOVEDAY is FLUNG high, high into the air and...SPLASHES DOWN
some distance away.

The KILLER WHALE is left with the SIX-PACK PLASTIC lodged in
its teeth.



MUMBLE and LOVEDAY scramble onto the ice exhausted.

Wondering where the next attack will come from, the AMIGOS
huddle nearby.

Suddenly the ICE SHELF CRACKS OPEN and the KILLER WHALE soars
right over the top of them

It hits the water but does not stop, just keeps going right
on out to sea. The Penguins have no time to reflect on their
good fortune.

Theres an EARTH SHATTERING NOISE behind them . Turning they
see a vast BLACK SHAPE, a hundred feet high, coming at them
through the fog.

The ADELIES flee across the ice. MUMBLE stands transfixed by
the BIG BLACK SHIP towering above him. On the deck he sees



             Aliens?!

The pack-ice is BUCKLING AND EXPLODING ahead of the GREAT



             Stop! Please!....

From a safe distance the ADELIES stop and look on in
amazement as Mumble stands his ground, shouting up at THE
SHIP as it advances towards him.


             ...It's very important!

The ICE beneath his feet OPENS UP, Mumble topples into the
gap and The SHIP PASSES OVER HIM, huge propellers churning,
leaving a channel ninety feet wide.

MUMBLE resurfaces.









He chases after the ship. THE ADELIES chase after Mumble...




Already the ship is half a mile away.



Beyond the last of the ice floes is THE WORLD'S TALLEST
ICEBERG. MUMBLE hurls himself onto it and starts scrambling
up its precipitous sides. THE ADELIES follow, struggling to
keep up.



MUMBLE's POV: THE BIG BLACK SHIP has joined TWO OTHERS about
a mile away. The Adelies join him.


             ...You found them, you found Aliens!
             ...Now we go back tell everybody who's
             taking the fish.


Mumble's     eyes remain fixed on the horizon.



             ...Don't feel bad Tall Guy.
             ...They were just too fast. Too big.
             ...Too everything.


             They've stopped!


             Mumble. I owe you my life amigo. And I
             say this because I
             admire and deeply respect you. If you are
             thinking what I think
             you are thinking. You are out of your
             crazy head


             Say Hi to Ella for me







             You say Hi. Come back and say Hi to her
             yourself

Mumble turns, takes a few paces back.


             Oh. One other thing. You guys


             What?


Suddenly, MUMBLE turns to the precipice and runs as fast as
he can...


             Excelsi yah!!!

As he launches himself into space...



The tiny penguin soaring off the top of the ICEBERG.

THE ADELIES rush to the edge as, far below Mumble HITS THE
WATER. And vanishes.


             ...can you believe that
             ...brought us all this way and killed
             himself
             ...no he didn't! look!

Far out he has surfaced and is swimming strongly in direction
of the BIG BLACK SHIP.


             ...A dive like that, and still he lives!
             ... Yeah like when he did his Happy Feet,
             his feet had wings.
             ...A normal penguin could never have done
             it.


             You don't think we should go with him


             ...Don't sweat it Revered One. Many are
             called, few are chosen.





             ..Hey, how tall you think the Tall Guy
             was?
             ...Who could say? Four times my height at
             least...

Loveday follows behind


             About this Revered One stuff, you guys


             Yeah


             Maybe just call me Pedro



MUMBLE PLOUGHS THROUGH a rolling sea: towering waves block
everything from view but on the crests he catches sight of...

THREE BLACK SHIPS, far ahead, but stationary, as if waiting
for him.



He's getting closer. The ships are only half a mile away when
Something rises from the deep, threatening to engulf him: a


Mumble shoots out of the way, just avoiding being caught as.

UP AHEAD The great NET FULL OF FISH breaks the surface of the
water and is winched on board.


                 




As if in response the ship's ENGINES START UP again and the
sea around him erupts in churning foam.

Swamped by the wake, Mumble goes under. When he resurfaces,
THE SHIP is already on its way.













He takes a deep breath and resumes his pursuit.



The SEAS are MOUNTAINOUS. There is no sign of the ship now,
nor of land.

MUMBLE swims up the side of each wave, over its foaming crest
and down into the deep dark valley below.



The air is full of spray. Choking, MUMBLE ducks under the
water.



Its peaceful here. Then something moves beside him and turns
with a start to see: A MASSIVE EYE!!

A BLUE WHALE entirely fills his field of vision. It sings a
few booming Wagnerian notes. Its voice is almost deafening.


             Too loud.

He surfaces, spluttering.


             Too loud!

A VOICE calls to him from above. Mumble looks up. An
ALBATROSS hovers overhead.


             He's looking for a mate, mate. And these
             days, I tell you they're few and far
             between

From the ALBATROSS' aerial view, Mumble looks tiny next to
the MASSIVE BULK of the Blue Whale.









             Talking of which, I never seen a penguin
             this far out. Watch you don't hit The
             Convergence mate.


             The Convergence?


             Where the cold water meets the warm,
             mate. Once you cross it, there's no
             getting' back. What you tryinmg to prove
             anyway?


             I'm trying to talk to the Aliens!


             The who?


             On the black iceberg. The ones taking all
             the fish!


             Them. Fish is just the start of it Mate.
             Them aliens is the ones who took out the
             whales.


             They kill whales! That's impossible


             Straight up mate. Biggest creatures ever
             lived. Decimated, mate.


             So if I wanted to talk to them, where
             would I go


             Anywhere and everywhere. Over the sea,
             under the sea, Jees, I've even seen them
             fly. The great southland's swarming with
             em


             Where's that. Do you think the Whale
             would take me there?






The Blue Whale responds with a long mournful "NO-O-O-O" which
the Albatross does not need to translate.


          No way mate, he won't go anywhere near
          `em. And neither should you.

Mumble hesitates, bobbing on the water, weighing the
warnings.

He makes up his mind and strikes out again swimming towards
the convergence.

The Albatross, hovering on the wing, watches.


          Don't say I didn't warn you

The ALBATROSS wheels away.

As MUMBLE fights on through the huge choppy waves, the
Whale's Wagnerian song booms out, EERIE and FORLORN.



We see from above, the BLUE WHALE turning as well, changing
course to avoid a change in the texture and colour of the
water stretching in a line, as far as the eye can see. MUMBLE
swims RIGHT ACROSS THE LINE.



MUMBLE is a mere DOT now as the GREAT CURRENTS capture him
and sweep him away.

We pull back through the clouds until the very CURVATURE OF
THE EARTH is visible: a blue horizon with no land in sight.



On the HIGH-WATER MARK, amongst the rubbish and the oil
slick, we see what looks like a dead animal. It is MUMBLE.

A creature in RED GUMBOOTS approaches. Its small hand reaches
down and nudges him with a stick. MUMBLE moans and the
gumboots RUN AWAY, shouting something unintelligible.

With great difficulty, Mumble raises his head to try to see
more. Sunlight flares, bleaching to white, as he LOSES






Scientific books and specimens of birds in large bottles on
shelves line the walls.

MUMBLE, eyes closed, is lying on a stainless steel table. He
opens his eyes to the brilliant glare of an examination lamp.

There is movement around him. Voices whispering in an alien
tongue. A FIGURE IN WHITE bends over him cleaning the oil
from his feathers with detergent. MUMBLE squawks.


          When I finally saw one, the Alien was
          even more hideous than I'd imagined

A very pretty FEMALE SCIENTIST is smiling down at him.


          ... frontways eyes, no feathers. Big teeth
          with blood around them. Strange fleshy
          beak. A meat eater


              
          The - fish - are - ours. Understand?

But all the SCIENTIST sees is a squawking penguin.


          We can't live without them!

The SCIENTIST produces a syringe and squirts some of it's
contents in the air.


          Speak Adelie? Skua-talk?

Another SCIENTIST holds him still while the needle is
administered.


          Oh no! Not the pointy thing!

Drowsy now, he is eased into a PADDED CAGE. The SCIENTISTS
close the lid, and secure it with straps.



We hear a feeble thumping from inside.





Pull back to reveal Mumble's box on a shelf among crates and
luggage. Fade in engine noise over as....



A 747 drones across the screen, eastwards into the night.




             I woke in darkness. Unable to move. Was I
             dead? And if I was dead, where was that
             light coming from

Like the light at the end of a tunnel. As if in a dream,
MUMBLE ambles towards it. Emerging into



Bright BLUE SKY, sparkling WHITE CLIFFS OF ICE.


             Wow. They brought me home

His voice ECHOES back at him, with a mocking edge. There is
something unusual about this place. A plump penguin waddles
by


             Excuse me, where are we.


             Heaven. Where d'you think?


             Oh. So we're dead. Right


             Dunno. Don't care. We got food. We got
             water. You hear a seal now and then, but
             you never meet one. Perfect.

Mumble is looking around, trying to figure it out


             Fish!


             Where?






A fish hits him on the head.

A moment later he's knocked flat by a sudden rush of
PENGUINS: Chinstraps, Rock-hoppers, Adelies, King penguins,
emerging from holes in the rock face


             Fish time. Fish time!

Lying on his back he sees fish tumble from the sky. It's



             Every day after that, it rained fish in
             the afternoon.

His POV, Load after load of fish tumbling out of a clear sky



Fish hit the surface and sink


             Fish on land and fish underwater.

Mumble pursues one of them.


             Sometime you got a live one but there was
             nowhere really to chase it

He swims SLAP BANG into a sheet of thick glass. ALIEN FACES
are pressed against it. Mumble yells and shoots to the
surface.



High up he sees the viewing gallery. A great CROWD of ALIENS
staring and chattering


             Aliens everywhere, watching you eat,
             watching you sleep

Mumble backs away and knocks into the PAINTED HORIZON. He
puts out a wing to steady himself and notices a metal tag on
it. This place is beginning to upset him.









                 
             What have you done to my wing! This is
             not my home! I want to get out of here!

The other penguins stand around, immobile, chomping fish.


             Guess he's new here



Caption: A year later

Specators POV: Mumble stands around, like the others,
ignoring the aliens, chomping fish

His POV: Day after day, the view constantly the same, except
for the groupings of spectators high in the viewing Gallery


             After a while, you learn to stop fighting
             it. Stop protesting, take the knocks.

CU Mumble: A camera flashes. A fish hits him, he doesn't
flinch


             ...just take what comes and live inside
             your mind



Another day and another. Night follows day follows night.
Spectators come and go. The penguins stand like statues.

Though bubbles begin to appear above Mumbles head, snapshots
of his past experiences


             Sometimes I thought about dad and mum.
             Sometimes the Amigos, and others I'd met
             along the way. But mostly I thought about
             Ella, wondering who she ended up with.
             Whether she had enough food to eat.
             whether she still remembered our song.

In the though bubble, Ella has appeared singing never can say
goodbye. Mumbles feet begin shuffling to the rythm





Most of the specators are leaving but one young girls stops
and stares


           Look Mommy! It's dancing!

She bangs on the glass in her excitement.



Mumble, woken from his reverie, looks up and sees her looking
at him.


           What? What did I do?

The little girl who is pointing at mumbles feet. Mumble looks
down, realizes what his feet are doing, looks up again.


           You like that? Well how about this.

He does a more elaborate step. The Mother shouts in
disbelief. Various other specators come back and join her.

Mumbles fellow captives are unimpressed.


           Oh-Oh, another one gone troppo


           You think its infectious


           I sure hope not

They shuffle away



The aliens, in contrast, are loving it. Already a crowd has
gathered, laughing and clapping.



The Gallery is packed. Mumble keeps dancing





Theres a riot going on up there. People fighting to get a
view. Newspaper reporters, TV cameras.

The other penguins in the enclosure have moved back, giving
Mumble more space. Every specattor is focussed on him. Mumble
is focussed on the spectators.


           Yes. Yes. At last something was
           happening. I was finally getting through
           to them!



A squawking Mumble is thrust inside and the lid slams shut on
him. Kerchunk.



Silence, then across the vast expanse a TINY FIGURE appears
on the horizon.


           ...What's that?
           ...Where?
           ...Coming from the Inland!

A couple of Penguins watch the approaching figure.


           ...Is it a Penguin?
           ...Is it one of ours?



Mumble approaches the two sentries. The colony is much
diminished: only small groups scattered here and there.


           Hi, where is everybody!?


           Who wants to know?


           I used to live here. When's the Great
           Gathering?







             This is it. I guess


             This is all that's left?

Other penguins are gathering to scrutinise the stranger.


             ... So Who's this?
             ...Kinda small for an emperor.
             ... Where did you say you were
             from?

Then a female penguin bursts out of the crowd.


             Mumble?! Its Mumble!!


             Ella! Is it you. You haven't changed a
             bit.

As he speaks, his eyes are drawn to the huge number of FLUFFY
CHICKS following behind her


             Are these all yours?


             They're my singing students.


             So. You never....


             Of course not. I was waiting for you.


             But that's fantastic. I've got so much to
             tell you - to tell everyone.
                 
             I found out who's been causing the
             Scarcity!


             Huh?









          I know who's been taking our fish!
          I made contact with Aliens!
          They're coming here. Right behind me.
          Listen.

They listen. Above the wind   faint electronic BEEPING SOUND.


          ...Who's doing all the shouting
          ...Its Mumble. He's worse than before.


          No, honestly Aliens will be here soon!
          You have to believe me. We came in a big
          hollow bird and they landed on the ice
          and....

CARUSO bursts through the crowd.


          You again! And still full of the same old
          nonsense.


          But its true!!

The BEEP is quite audible now - a little faster and louder.
Curious, Ella ambles round behind mumble tro see what's
making the noise


          Move along everyone. Pay no attention.
          There's no such thing as aliens


          So who fixed him up with this.

She turns him around to reveal some kind of circuit board
glued to his back: a small aerial, winking red lights. A


A gasp of fear and astonishment from the penguins. Caruso is
momentarily speechless.


          ...Does it hurt?
          ....Its not made of feathers thats for
          sure
          ...what's it gonna do






          It's so they can find me.
              
          That's them now. Listen.

A distant rumbling, like some monstrous cataclysm is
approaching


          You led them here. Are you crazy!!


          You said they didn't exist.


          They'll slaughter us. Head for the sea!


          No. Do this. Do Happy feet.

He starts tap dancing. The penguins are torn, between
Caruso's instructions and Mumbles.


          Its what they understand. They can't
          talk, they can't sing. They speak with
          their feet. Do it.

A few adventurous souls begin to copy him, out of fear if
nothing else.

As they do so, the sky begins to darken. A strange whirling
wind starts whipping the snow around them. The very earth
seems to be shaking under them.


          Now look what you've done!


          ...its the end of the world.
          ....Its all Mumbles fault. I told you

Wishful rounds on them angrily.


          Just do what the kid says.

They start dancing.







Caruso has climbed a small hillock and is ranting like an old
testament prophet


          Recite the wisdoms!
          "Together we stand".
          "Divided We Freeze".

Mumble and Ella are dancing through the community


          Come on, everyone! Happy Feet! It's our
          only chance!


          "When all others leave, we Remain










The tide is beginning to turn in his favour


          That's it! Excellent! ¡Riba Riba,
          penguinos!
          Shake those hips. Come on, bust a move!!


          Adhere to the wisdoms!! The Ancients will
          protect us

As he shouts his he is blown off his feet by a tremendous
gust of wind

Caruso tumbles head over heels as a massive Chinook
helicopter rises over the hirizon, its massive rotors mashing
the air.

It swoops down over the penguin nation and lands a little
distance away.

Music Over: Wanna Dance with Somebody.







Now the entire emperor community are dancing for all they are
worth.


          ....Aliens.
          ... I never doubted it for a moment

Mrs Astrakhan dances past


          More feelink. BE SPONTANUOUS!!

Wishful dances over to her, his eyes on Mumble and Ella


              
          You know who that is? That's my boy!


              
          Know him? He ees my star pupol!




HUMAN scientists disembark. Skidoos are kicked into life.

We TRAVEL WITH THE SKIDOOS across the ICE-SHELF to the colony

Scientists POV: As they stop, lower their hoods and gaze in
astonishment. One of them lifts a video cam to record





          From that day on, No one quite knows how
          it happened, but the black icebergs began
          to disappear and the fish became abundant
          once more.



Suited figures are seated round a large table, watching as
IMAGES of the DANCING PENGUIN COLONY play on a video screen.

Without the music it's less obviously a dance.


          ...So what do you reckon?






             Yes, quite extraordinary. (stares at the
             screen) some kind of neurological
             disorder? a nutritional deficiency
             perhaps. We'd certainly back the
             long-term study.


             And the international treaty?


             Yes. This is exactly the leverage we need
             for an embargo. No fishing
             whatsoever...legal, illegal, sanctioned,
             whatever.


             So we all step up policing of the pirate
             factory ships. And we pressure that
             country to stop their so-called
             `experimental' fishing.


             Yes, if our government asks your
             government to approach their government
             to call off their fleet...


             Better if their government hear it from
             our government via your government...


             What the heck. The amount of publicity
             this is generating, they'd have world war
             three if they didn't stop.



In the confusion of penguins we find MUMBLE, ELLA and their
chick


             Ella's gave up teaching to look after our
             chick. We take turns looking after her
             and going to get the fish.

As we watch, Ella moves off, joining the great to and fro of
penguins along the highway to the sea.







MUMBLE covers his chick protectively, watrching his wife walk
away.


             I worry about her, sure. Theres so much
             big stuff out there it can be kind of
             frightening.

We are pulling back now, back from the colony, back from
Antarctica.


             But the way I see it. Theres so much out
             there we don't understand...,



Still pulling back


             ....the stuff you think is small stuff
             could actually be the big stuff.

Keep pulling back from the world, the solar system,       the
galaxy.


             Or am I not making sense here?

Further back. Our galaxy is framed in something like a bomb-
sight.



             Is there a problem? I thought this one
             was barren.



We`re somewhere otherworldly, inside a clear dome the size of
a stadium, with a view of the heavens. In the centre of this
space, always just out of shot, two illdefined figures are
talking, subtitled:


             More or less. But one of the stars we're
             harvesting supports these things here.

Projected somehow in mid-air A 3-D image of Times square in
winter with tiny people milling around in black coats






             So...?


             Well. Exactly. But what we didn't know
             about before was these things here

An image of the dancing penguins appears.


             Just thought you'd want to see them
             before...you know.

The shadowy figure laughs, enjoying the image.


             Hmm.   Charming


             So.    We go ahead. Or...?


             No. Better leave them be. See what
             sector twelves got to offer instead.

The bomb sight moves away from our galaxy to another part of
the universe

With that the two figures head off across the great shadowy
interior.

The projector beam catches them, briefly, throwing up the
giant shadows of these aliens They look very like huge
penguins.

As they walking solemnly out of shot with their hands behind
their backs one of them breaks step to do a little jig.




