














Comical poems suitable for the occasion, extemporized and thought up before your very eyes.
All right, here we go.

































I'm sorry. Where was I? Thank you, one and all, for your kind support. Ah, Miss Lark, thank you.
Crikey. Bless you, guv. Generosity itself, that's what you are. No charge.

Oh, it's you! Hello. Number 17 Cherry Tree Lane, you say? All right. Come along with me. This
here's Cherry Tree Lane. Nice little spot, you might say. Number 17's just down a bit. Now, this
imposing edifice what first greets the eye, is the home of Admiral Boom, late of His Majesty's
Navy. Likes his house shipshape, he does, shipshape and Bristol fashion at all times.
























What he's famous for is punctuality. The whole world takes its time from Greenwich. But
Greenwich, they say, takes its time from Admiral Boom. What cheer, admiral?
























A word of advice, young man: storm signals are up at number 17. Bit of heavy weather brewing
there.




Thank you, sir. Keep an eye skinned. Here we are. Number 17 Cherry Tree Lane. Residence
of George Banks, Esquire. Hello, hello, hello. The admiral's right. Heavy weather brewin' at
number 17, and no mistake.














I'll show you. Don't you be trying to stop the wretched creature! Let her go, that's what I say, and
good riddance! I never liked her from the moment she set foot in the door.














Indeed, Mrs. Brill! I wouldn't stay in this house another minute, not if you heap me with all the
jewels in Christendom.
























They must be somewhere. Did you look around the zoo in the park? You know how Jane and
Michael is. Coo! You don't think the lion could've got at them, do ya? You know how fond they
was of hangin' around the cage.



























Good evening, Katie Nanna, Ellen. We had the most glorious meeting! Mrs. Whitbourne-Allen
chained herself to the wheel of the prime minister's carriage. You should've been there.



















































































































































The fourth, madam. And I for one have had my fill of it. I'm not one to speak ill of the children,
but--














Oh, gracious, Katie Nanna! You're not leaving? What will Mr. Banks say? He's going to be cross
enough as it is to come home and find the children missing. Ellen, put these things away. You
know how the cause infuriates Mr. Banks.









Katie Nanna, I beseech you. Please reconsider. Think of the children. Think of Mr. Banks. He
was just beginning to get used to you.





























Never better. Money's sound. Credit rates are moving up, up, up. And the British pound is the
admiration of the world.
























Banks, shouldn't wonder if you weren't steering into a nasty piece of weather. Banks! Do you
hear me?














































































































Kindly do not attempt to cloud the issue with facts. One fact, and one fact alone is crystal clear!
Katie Nanna's faltered at her post. She's let the family down. And I shall bring her to boo-- oh.
She's left us, hasn't she?









What, uh-- yes. George Banks here. Yes. 17 Cherry Tree Lane. It's a matter of some urgency.
I should like you to send a policeman around immediately.









What? Oh, how very prompt. What wonderful service. Thank you so much. Good night. Come
in, constable. Come in.




Thank you, sir. While going about my duties on the other side of the park, I noted some
valuables that had gone astray. I believe they're yours, sir.

















































Actually it wasn't a very good kite. We made it ourselves. Perhaps if you helped us to make
one--









I'm very grateful to you, Constable, for returning the children. And I'm sure that if you go to the
kitchen, Cook'll find you a plate of something.





























Yes, sir. I knew it. When all's said and done, who bears the brunt of everything around here?
Me, that's who! They don't want an honest, hard-workin' girl around here. They need a ruddy
zookeeper.




I'm sorry, dear, but when I chose Katie Nanna, I thought she would be firm with the children. She
looked so solemn and cross.














Next time? My dear, you've engaged six nannies in the last four months! And they've all been
unqualified disasters.









Choosing a nanny for the children is an important and delicate task. It requires insight, balanced
judgment, and an ability to read character. Under the circumstances, I think it might be apropos
to take it upon myself to, uh, select the next person.









Obviously the way to find a proper nanny, is to go about it in a proper fashion. I shall put an
advertisement in The Times. Take this down please.




















































































































































































































Thank you. Most interesting. And now I think we've had quite enough of this nonsense. Please
return to the nursery.









I'm well aware they're just children, Winifred. I only congratulate myself that I decided to step in
and take a hand. "Play games, sing songs, give treats." Ridiculous. There's no question in my
mind whatsoever. Now is the time for action.











The Times? George Banks here. 17 Cherry Tree Lane. I wish to place an advertisement in your
column.






















































Ellen, I said 8:00, and 8:00 it shall jolly well be. You see? Twelve seconds to go. Ten, nine,
eight---




































































You are the father of Jane and Michael Banks, are you not? I said, you are the father of Jane
and Michael Banks.




Well, well ye-- yes, of course, I mean. Uh-- you brought your references, I presume. May I see
them?














Now then, the qualifications. "Item one: a cheery disposition." I am never cross. "Item two: rosy
cheeks." Obviously. "Item three: play games, all sorts." Well, I'm sure the children will find my
games extremely diverting.









Excuse me. "Item four: you must be kind." I am kind, but extremely firm. Have you lost
something?















































































On second thoughts, I believe a trial period would be wise. Hmm. I'll give you one week. I'll know
by then. I'll see the children now. Thank you.


Close your mouth please, Michael. We are not a codfish. Well, don't stand there staring. Best
foot forward. Spit spot!


































How clever of you! I would have muddled the whole thing. Tell me, is she everything that we'd
hoped she be?

























































































Hmm. Well, it's not exactly Buckingham Palace. Still, it's clean. Yes, I think it will be quite
suitable. Just needs a touch here and there. Well, first things first. I always say, the place to
hang a hat is on a hat stand. Ah! This will never do! I much prefer seeing all of my face at the
same time.









Never judge things by their appearance. Even carpetbags. I'm sure I never do. A thing of beauty
is a joy forever. Mmm, a little more light, perhaps.














Much better! Now, let me see. That's funny. I always carry it with me. It must be here
somewhere.



















I want to see how you two measure up. Well, that's the funniest thing I ever saw. I know it's
down here somewhere. Ah, ha-ha, ha-ha! Here it is. Good. Come along, then. Quickly. Head up,
Michael. Don't slouch. Just as I thought. Extremely stubborn and suspicious.

























































































































































































Thank you. That will be quite sufficient. Hats and coats, please. It's time for our outing in the
park.









Enough is as good as a feast. Come along, please. Let me look at you. Well, you're not as well
turned out as I'd like. Still, there's time. There's time. Spit spot! And off we go.











































Wait! Don't move. Don't move a muscle. Stay right where you are. I'd know that silhouette
anywhere! Mary Poppins!



















To the park? Not if I know Mary Poppins. Other nannies take children to the park. When you're
with Mary Poppins, suddenly you're in places you've never dreamed of. And quick as you can
say "Bob's your uncle," the most unusual things begin to happen.









Well mind, it's not my place to say, but what she's probably got in mind, is a jolly holiday
somewheres or other. Something along these lines, I shouldn't be surprised. "Punting on the
Thames." That's always good if you like an outing. Here we go.

The circus. How about a lovely circus? Lions and tigers. World-famous artistes performing
death-defyin' feats, of dexterity and skill before your very eyes. Ta-da! Ta-da!









Beautiful, ain't it? A typical English countryside, as done by a true and lovin' hand. Though you
can't see it, there's a little country fair down that road and uh, over the hill.









What? No road? Just wants a bit of somethin' here, and a bit of somethin' there. There. A
country road suitable for travel and high adventure.




Please may we go, Mary Poppins? Please? Such a lovely place. Don't you think it's lovely, Mary
Poppins?

















































Bert, what utter nonsense! Ohh! Why do you always complicate things that are really quite
simple? Give my your hand, please, Michael. Don't slouch. One, two.

























































































































































































































































































































































Do you hear that, mate? Do you wanna put up with that? That's the ticket! Come on, my lad. Is
that the best you can do?














Sorry. Whoa, boy! Whoa! Whoa. Easy, boy. Whoa. Whoa. Just a bit of high spirits, Mary
Poppins.





































































Would you look at that now? 'Tis an elegant merry-go-round horse. Come on and fight, you dirty
omadhauns. I can lick the lot of ya's. Faster, me beauty! Faster!






























































































Now, now, now, now, gentlemen, please. On the contrary, there's a very good word. Am I right,
Bert?































































































































































Well, there's more where they came from. Meantime, I'm changing businesses. This here is
lovely hot chestnut weather.

















































































































































































































Glorious day, Mr. Binnacle. Glorious! No one sleeps this morning. Put in a double charge of
powder.


































After our meeting at the Albert Hall, we're all going to Downing street, to throw things at the
prime minister. Oh, how distinguished you look this morning, George.



















She's happy as a cricket. As a matter of fact, since you hired Mary Poppins, the most
extraordinary thing seems to have come over the household.

















































Who said I'm not feeling well? I'm fit as a fiddle. I just don't understand why everyone's so
confoundedly cheerful!


















































































I don't think there's anything to explain, do you? It's obvious that you're out of sorts this morning.
The children just came in to make you feel better.




I should like to make one thing quite clear, once and for all. I am not out of sorts. I am in a
perfectly equable mood. I don't require being made to feel better!









Winifred, I should like to make a slight differentiation between the word cheerful and just plain
giddy irresponsibility.









I have no objection to anyone being cheerful or pleasant. But I do expect a certain decorum. I
can tell you one thing, Winifred. I don't propose standing idly by and letting that woman, Mary
Poppins, undermine the discipline and-- there's something odd, I may say extremely odd about
the behavior of this household since that woman arrived. And I want you to know that I've
noticed it!


































Now, let me see. First of all, we must go to the piano tuners. And then we go to Mrs. Cory's sh--
Mrs. Cory's shop for some gingerbread.









And then we go to the fishmonger's, I think, for a nice dover sole and a pint of prawns. Uh,
Michael, stop stravaging along behind.














Michael, what fine adventure are we off upon today? Going to fight the Hottentots? Dig for buried
treasure?





























Uh, not so fast, please. I can't understand a word you're saying. Again? Och! Oh, the poor man!
Bless you. Well, yes, of course. There's not a moment to lose. I'll go straightaway. And thank
you very much.


























































































Oh, I kn-- I know, I-- but I tried. Really, I did, my dear. I-- but I so enjoy laughing, you know? And,
well-- and when I start, it's all up with the-- that's what happens to me. I love to laugh! Oh, my
goodness! I can't help it. You can see that. I just like laughing, that's all.

















































































































































































Such behaviour! Well, it's the most disgraceful sight I've ever seen, or my name isn't Mary
Poppins.





























Well, I had hoped that maybe, that you would just, that-- splendid! Thank you very much! Keep
your feet back. Mind the bread and butter. Now, watch it, children.









Next thing, I suppose, you'll be wanting me to pour out. Oh, well. If I must, I must. If you'll just
stop behaving like a pack of laughing hyenas! Two lumps, uncle Albert?


































Oh, yeah. Uh, speaking of weather, the other day when it was so cold, a friend of mine went to
buy some long underwear, you know. The shopkeeper said to him, "How long do you want it?"
and my friend said, "Well, from about September to March."




Jane! Control yourself! Children, will you please sit up properly at the table? Your tea, uncle
Albert.




Oh, thank you, my dear. I'm having such a good time. I wish that you could all stay up here all
the time.









Oh, no, there is a way. Frankly I, I don't like to mention it, because you have to think of
something sad.









Let me see. I've got the very thing. Yesterday when the lady next door answered the bell, there
was a man there. And the man said to the lady, "I'm terribly sorry. I just ran over your cat."














And then the man said, "I'd like to replace your cat." and the lady said, "That's all right with me,
but how are you at catching mice?"

Well, you know I started out sad. I, I try, really I do. But, but everything ends up so hilarious, I
can't-- I can't help--




























Must you really go? You know, people come to see me all the time, you know. And, and we have
such a lovely time, and then they have to go home. And, and I'm very, very sad about the whole
thing.







































Righto. Well, it's about me granddad, see? And one night, he had a nightmare, he did. So
scared that he chewed his pillow to bits. Yes. To bits.

















































































Oh. Oh, Mary Poppins said that, did she? Will you please return to your room. Mary Poppins,
will you be kind enough to come with me?

















































I don't deny that I am partially responsible for allowing the children to spend their days on
worthless frivolity to the exclusion of all else! But it is high time they learned the seriousness of
life!













































In short, I am disturbed to hear my children talking about popping in and out of chalk pavement
pictures, consorting with racehorse persons, fox hunting. Yes, well I don't mind that quite so
much. At any rate, it's traditional. But tea parties on the ceiling? I ask you. Having tea parties on
the ceiling and highly-questionable outings of every other kind!
















































































































Of course. Now, if you'll excuse me. Tomorrow's an important day for the children. I shall see
they have a proper night's sleep. Good night.














Oh. And why not? A capital idea! Just the medicine they need for all this slipshod, sugary female
thinking they get around here all day long. Quite right. Good idea. Quite right. Good idea. Quite
right.












































Goats butt, birds fly, and children who are going on an outing with their father must get some
sleep. Come along, please.
































































Well, most things he can. But sometimes a person we love through no fault of his own, can't see
past the end of his nose.










































































































The bird woman. Just where Mary Poppins said she would be. You do see her, don't you,
Father?






















































I am not interested in what Mary Poppins says. Nor do I wish to keep hearing her name for the
remainder of the day. Now come along!









Michael, I will not permit you to throw your money away! When we get to the bank, I shall show
you what may be done with your tuppence. And I think you'll find it extremely interesting.










































































Oh, they do, do they, boy? Excellent. Excellent. We can al-always use, al-always use more
money to, to put to work for the bank, can't we, boy?

































































































































































You can purchase first and second trust deeds. Think of the foreclosures! Bonds, chattels,
dividends, shares. Bankruptcies. Debtor sales. Opportunities. All manner of private enterprise.
Shipyards. The mercantile. Collieries. Tanneries. Corporations. Amalgamations.






While stand the banks of England, England stands. Oh, oh, oh, oh! When fall the banks of
England, England falls!












































































































































































Now, now, don't take on so. Bert'll take care of you like I was your own father. Now, who's after
you?



























































Let's sit down. You know, begging your pardon, but the one my heart goes out to is your father.
There he is in that cold, heartless bank day after day, hemmed in by mounds of cold, heartless
money. I don't like to see any living thing caged up.









They makes cages in all sizes and shapes, you know. Bank-shaped some of 'em, carpets and
all.









Oh, sure about that, are you? Look at it this way. You've got your mother to look after you. And
Mary Poppins, and Constable Jones and me. Who looks after your father? Tell me that. When
something terrible happens, what does he do? Fends for himself, he does. Who does he tell
about it? No one! Don't blab his troubles at home. He just pushes on at his job, uncomplaining
and alone and silent.














Well, not my place to say. I only observe that a father can always do with a bit of help. Come on,
I'll take you home.


































































Oh, I thought they were with their father. You haven't been running off again, have you? You
know how terribly it upsets me.




Oh, they haven't exactly been running away, ma'am. They have had bit of a fright, though. Need
someone to look after 'em.





























Wh-- uh, me, ma'am? W-well, well, I-I-I have to be moving along. The Lord Mayor's got a
stopped-up chimney.




Chimney. How clever of you to know. Our drawing room chimney's in the most ghastly condition.
Smokes incessantly.





























Oh, thank you so much. I do appreciate it. I must hurry. Our gallant ladies in prison are waiting
for me to lead them in song! Good-bye, my darlings. See you soon.


















There now. You see how wrong people can be? That there is what you might call a doorway to
a place of enchantment.
































Oh, rightly so! A chimney is a wondrous thing. She's built tall right up there on the roof. When
the wind is just right, it blows across her top, then draws the smoke right up the flue. Here. Feel
the pull on the end of that brush. It's like I got a whale on the end of the line, ain't it? Michael,






















































Well, no harm done. The truth is, this is what you might call a fortuitous circumstance. Look
there. A trackless jungle just waiting to be explored. Why not, Mary Poppins?














Oh, well. If we must, we must. Fall in. Look lively, look lively. Jump to it! Jump to it! Get in line.
Attention! A-show arms! A-right turn! Quick march!
























What did I tell ya? There's the whole world at your feet. And who gets to see it, but the birds, the
stars and the chimney sweeps?















































































































































Mary Poppins, step in time! There you go, Mary Poppins! Lucky old Bert! Come on, Mary
Poppins! Here we go, mate! Here we go! Make room for her! Go! Ain't she marvelous? Ain't she
beautiful? Lovely. Tell your mum! Hello, hello, hello! More! More! Mary, do it again! Come on,
Mary, do it again. Here we go.





























































































































































Oh, father, every one of those sweeps shook your hand. You're going to be the luckiest person
in the world!







































Yes. Banks here. Mr. Dawes! I'm most dreadfully sorry, sir, about what happened at the bank
today. I can assure you that-- tonight, sir?












































































You know what I think? It's that woman Mary Poppins. From the moment she stepped into this
house, things began to happen to me!



























































Do you know what she did? I realize it now. She tricked me into taking Jane and Michael to the
bank. That's how all the trouble started.














Outrageous! A man with all the important things you have to do. Shameful! You're a man of high
position. Esteemed by your peers.











































































Uh, yes, Father. In 1773, an official of this bank, unwisely loaned a large sum of money, to
finance a shipment of tea to the American colonies. Do you know what happened?




Yes, sir. Yes, I think I do. Uh, uh, as the ship lay in Boston harbor, uh, a party of the colonists
dressed as Red Indians, uh, boarded the vessel, behaved very rudely, and, and threw all the
tea overboard. This made the tea unsuitable for drinking, even for Americans.




Precisely. The loan was defaulted. Panic ensued within these walls. There was a run on the
bank!




From that time to this, sir, there has not been a run on this bank until today! A run, sir, caused
by the disgraceful conduct of your son. Do you deny it?
































































Supercalifragilistic- expialidocious. Mary Poppins was right. It's extraordinary. It does make you
feel better!









Oh, yes. It is a word. A perfectly good word, actually. Do you know what there's no such thing
as? It turns out, with due respect, when all is said and done, that there's no such thing as you!



















Yes. There are these two wonderful young people, Jane and Michael. And they meet one day
on the street, and Jane says to Michael, "I know a man with a wooden leg named Smith." and
Michael says, "Really? What's the name of his other leg?"



















There's the tuppence. The wonderful, fateful, Supercalifragilistic- expialidocious tuppence.
Guard it well. Good-bye!









I don't know. I might pop through a chalk pavement picture, and go for an outing in the country.
Or I might seize a horse off a merry-go-round, and win the derby! Or I might just fly a kite! Only
Poppins would know!



































































Yes, sir, that's right. George W. Banks. 17 Cherry Tree Lane. About six foot one, I'd say, sir. Oh,
yes, we rang up his bank first thing this morning. The only thing we discovered was, he'd been
discharged last night. No telling what he might do in a fit of despondency.




Wouldn't hurt to have them drag the river. There's a nice spot there by Suffolk bridge. Popular
with jumpers.









He seemed to have been a fine, stable gentleman, sir. No hanky-panky, if you know what I
mean. Oh, regular habits, sir. Well, far as anyone knows.




























Mrs. Banks, could we have a little less noise on the premises? I can't make out what the
inspector's sayin'.




























































































































































































Oh, there you are, Banks. I want to congratulate you. Capital bit of humor. Wooden leg named
Smith. Or Jones or whatever it was. Father died laughing.









Oh, no, nonsense. Nothing to be sorry about. Never seen him happier in his life. He left an
opening for a new partner. Congratulations.


























































Yes, really. I know exactly how you feel about these children. And if you think I'm gonna keep
my mouth shut any longer, I--
















