








                        Written  by

                        Michael Mann



                    Based on "Miami Vice"

                         created by

                     Anthony Yerkovich






                                                       First Draft

                                                              WGAw










   We are at the delicate interface between ocean and
   air...liquid and gas...the event horizon where molecules
   evaporate.  This interchange is ethereal.  Then, low
   frequencies rumble through depths...louder...closer, now...
   And the ocean surface is torn by a 46-foot catamaran and the
   ROAR of 2,700 horsepower, rocketing at us at 140 knots...



   in PROFILE.



   ...has a canopy, low like a B-1 bomber and extends a half
   mile.  It launches off two-foot swells, goes airborne, pushes
   to 150 knots with another 1,100 RPM left...



   pilots the "Born to Win" in full helmet.  On the throttle and
   flaps is RICARDO TUBBS...



   leads the frontrunners towards a finish line demarcated by a
   couple of $10 million yachts loaded with media.  At the last
   moment occurs a small power loss, and "Born to Win" gets
   nosed into second place by the 46-foot Skater, "Goddess"...





   thunders to the dock, throttled down at low revs.  The canopy
   is up.  Crockett and Tubbs' helmets are off.  Dockhands tie
   it off.  It's the same crowd you catch at a Grand Prix:  nine-
   figure money, tall, Northern Italian women and minor German
   princesses with Swiss educations, no bimbos and no questions
   about asset origins.  The exception is "Born to Win's"
   sponsor, a blonde, dreadlocked, bearded 6'4" SWITEK.  He
   looks like a dot-com entrepreneur who got out in time.  Next
   to him is a blonde Ukranian lady with high cheekbones.  We'll
   see her again.



   in second position to the Japanese driver and throttle man of
   "Goddess," neither of whom speak English.  The #3 boat,
   "Bicardi Silver," was driven by David Scott and throttled by
   John Tomlinson...



   leave the winning circle among Asian and Mexican
   billionaires.  As the small crowd breaks up...



   named NICHOLAS in Vuarnet wraparounds and buzz-cut white hair
   glides by...


                  
             Burnett, what's crackin'?


             Nothing.


             Maxin' and relaxin'.


                  
             Sure.  Change your mind; get
             inclined?  Let me know...

   Whatever Nicholas is soliciting, Crockett and Tubbs don't
   want.  (Nicholas brokers "go-fast" runs, moving loads from
   offshore into South Florida.  Among guys who pilot offshore
   race boats, there are one or two who've never run a load, but
   no one's found them yet.)  Meanwhile...





   A couple-hundred-thousand-dollars worth of granite and steel.
   Off-screen a restaurant-grade Sub-Zero opens with a hiss.
   Fan starts.  Beyond the kitchen we SEE through a dining room
   to a den.  A chair is overturned.  We HEAR muffled sounds.
   We SEE feet extend through a door jamb.  Someone's on the
   floor.  A television is playing, distantly.



   so close they almost come to life.  A Venezuelan family, two
   boys and a girl in a pool.  Maria, Alonzo, the two boys at
   their sister's baptism.  And we see holding the baby daughter
   is Riccardo Tubbs.

   A family dinner at a South American restaurant.  Tubbs sits
   with the youngest daughter on his lap.  Maria is on the other
   side of him.  This is the image that almost comes to life.
   We hear the vivacious latin ambience late on a Sunday
   afternoon when families take the grandparents and have
   dinner.



   MOVE from the bright glare of the interior ONTO

   the broad neck of a MAN.  A Viking is tattooed there.  The
   image morphs into a naked woman presenting her rear to a
   muscled biker next to a chopper above a swastika residing
   between shoulder blades.  SS lightning bolts are on his neck.
   PULL BACK from this MAN, who is bent into the frig because
   he's hungry.  His head is shaved and he's naked from the
   waist up.  A BLACK HEFTY GARBAGE BAG is tied around his
   waist.  Yellow industrial gloves are on his hands.  Something
   bad is happening in this house...





   It's a Sikorski skimming across the water of Biscayne Bay on
   a moonlit night at living-room level past stilt houses.



   pilots the chopper past the brightly lit windows of high-rise
   Collins Avenue condos for the fugitive rich...and heads
   towards the MacArthur Causeway.


             What's our deal?


             Backup in case the Russians get
             physical.


             How lucky's Miss Universe gotta be?


             Skin has to touch skin.  That's the
             requirement for the warrant.  Then
             he makes a credible excuse and he                        
             stops....
                  
             Her crew blackmailed and asset-
             stripped the last mark down to his
             social security...                                       

   In the back - her long copper legs stretched out under a
   short skirt - is GINA CALABRESE.


             This I gotta see...
                  
             ...the "make up an excuse and stop"
             part.


             Have faith.


             I have faith.  In horoscopes and
             fortune cookies...


             So?


             Switek pulling this off...?  That's
             not faith; that's delusional...

   Wearing enough of nothing to hide the micro .380, which Gina
   checks right now.  There's a round in the chamber.

   AERIAL:  THE SIKORSKI crosses past the stacks of $5 million
   condos to a landing pad on a roof.  The Miami of the '80's,
   that twilight-zone frontier built on coke-fueled cash flow,
   is over.  The frontier development stage is passed.  It has
   BECOME Casablanca.  Anything goes; everything has a price.





   The chopper rockets in, settles.



   Crockett, Tubbs and Gina descend to the 25th-floor penthouse,
   the target.  As Crockett and Tubbs continue down to 24, she
   looks over her shoulder at Tubbs...


             Damn, girl...




   enter.  Two surveillance technicians, RICK and FRANK, are
   glued to a monitor showing a bedroom in which nothing
   happens.  LT. CASTILLO is there, out of a past somewhere
   between CIA and the Jesuits...

   Referring to the monitor on which there are NO PEOPLE in an


   They are watching air move.


             This is exciting...


             That's 'cause nothing is happening.


             No shit...?


                  
             Yeah.  This is their
             surveillance...how they video their
             marks?  See, we jacked their fiber
             optics, like we piggybacked their
             signal.  Get it?


             Cooool...

   They exit to...



   are met at the door by security, who recognizes them, and are
   welcomed by their host, UGO.  This is the Baccardi Cup After-
   Party.  The same players from the marina...



   enter an 8,000-square-foot penthouse...offshore racer types,
   players, So Bee models...


             Runnin' the Biscayne 200?

   Crockett wanders off...


             If a coupla new exhaust manifolds
             show up...



   approaches a bar and female bartender...


             Gin and Tonic.  Plymouth or
             Boodles.


                  
             Lemon or lime?


             Lemon doesn't go in Gin and Tonics,
             darlin'.  Where ya' from?


                  
             Gottingen.  That's in Sweden.


             You in Miami workin' on your
             complexion...?

   She's beautifully bronzed.


                  
             No.  I was in Namibia...


             Doing...?


             With the United Nations High
             Commission on Refugees.  Famine
             relief.

   Gina's listening on her personal comms.


             Really?  I did refugee relocation
             in Somalia.  But they transferred
             me out after I was wounded...

   Gina rolls her eyes as she crosses by Tubbs.


             Only African he ever "relocated"
             was a $2,000-an-hour Nigerian model
             for Gucci, and he got wounded when
             she took an NBA draft choice to the
             Super Bowl instead of him...


             He did volunteer one time...


                  
             For a massage parlor bust?
                  
             Why am I here...?

   TRUDY JOPLIN is a tall African-American.  She whispers into a
   small mic.  If you looked closely, she's ripped...as if steel
   cables moved under her smooth skin.  She slides past Tubbs
   and Gina...


                  
             ...to backup Switek.  But only if
             it gets lethal.


             That's impossible.


             Why?


             Because you cannot kill him.



   all white bling, is arguing with his blade-thin, glassy-eyed,
   adrenaline junkie partner, ZITO.  Approaching is "Miss
   Ukraine."  High cheekbones suggest one of Genghis Khan's
   horsemen found her maternal ancestor as attractive as Switek
   finds her...

   Tubbs clocks three beefy Russians in a corner, one is
   unusually fit.


             And there's Dmitri...


             The honey trap.  And there's the
             honey.


             Hello, Miss Ukraine...

   MISS UKRAINE brings Switek his glass of champagne...  She
   whispers something in his ear...and is led towards a back
   bedroom.  Gina ambles over.


                  
             Eleven to seven he blows it.


                  
             Twenty on my man...


             You're giving away your money,
             fool...

   Tubbs opens his Moto as if he's about to make a call...Trudy
   looks over his shoulder.  What we see is the feed from the
   monitor in the surveillance room downstairs.



   Two blonde people starting to get naked.  Switek and Miss
   Ukraine.  A second call comes in.  Tubbs ignores it.


                  
             You bet your partner?


             Sure.  Switek versus primal impulse
             from the amygdala.  Higher thinking
             versus the lizard brain.  Tectonic
             plates of libido confront the
             cognitive.


             Oh, bullshit.  She cops his joint.
             He pushes the button.


             What's so fucking difficult?

   THEIR FACES.  They watch.  And...Crockett's cell phone rings.
   He separates from the group...


             Yeah...?


             Sonny...?


             Yeah.


             Where's Riccardo?


             On the phone.


             I'm sorry.  I'm sorry, Sonny...



   enters.  He's come outside to hear better.

   In the background Gina shakes her head about Switek.  He blew
   it.  Trudy looks at Crockett and sees Crockett's focused,
   hearing...


             Who is this?






   He's cruising at 85.  He's floating in a magnolia leather
   interior.  But it's bloodstained from his nose and mouth.
   He's been beaten.  His white shirt is torn.  He doesn't
   care...


                  
             It's fucked up.  I'm sorry...


                  
             Alonzo?
                  
             What are you talking about?  Where
             are you...?


             They had me from the gate.


             I don't understand...

   Crockett's alarmed.  He catches Tubbs' eye and waves him
   outside...


             I gave up nothing on you guys.
             Don't worry.  I kept you and Rico
             out of it.  Only the Feds.  They're
             on their own...it's all their deal,
             anyway, so fuck 'em.


             Alonzo, what's goin' on?!


             After I check on Francine and the
             boys, then I'm gone.  Sonny, tell
             Rico I'm so sorry.  I wanted you to
             know...

   Tubbs joins Crockett on the balcony.


             Where are you?


             ...look after her.  Ask Rico to.
             Okay?  Do that for me.  I had to do
             it.  They had me from the gate.
             Do that.  Whatever you can do for
             them.  Okay?
                  
             Look what I did to them, Sonny...!


             Alonzo...!


             Goodbye.

   Crockett's phone goes dead.


             What is it?


             Alonzo...


             Stevens?


                  
             Something's wrong.

   Crockett's entering a number while...


                  
             I'll try Francine...

   Meanwhile Crockett HEARS...


                  
             Federal Bureau of Investigation.
             Our office hours are...
                  (Crockett punches three-
                   digit code)





                  
             This is Detective Crockett.  Miami-
             Dade P.D.  Patch me through to your
             Special Agent in Charge, James
             Fujima?  It's an emergency...


             He'll be in on Monday...


             I said, "emergency."  If he's not
             reachable, who's running the
             weekend?  The ASAC?


             We don't give that out...


             Listen carefully.

   Crockett compels himself to be patient.  Meanwhile, Tubbs has
   struck out with Alonzo's home phone.

                        CROCKETT 
                  
             An informant who is working one of
             YOUR cases right now called me.
             YOU may have a problem.  So get me
             somebody on the other end of this
             telephone who knows what the hell
             I'm talking about...!

   Meanwhile...


                  
             C'mon...


             Miami-Dade PD Tech...


                  
             Bobby G.  The firefly we used to
             have on Alonzo Stevens' Bentley,
             check if it still runs; if so,
             launch Air Support.  Locate the
             Bentley...
                  
             I don't know...we haven't worked
             with him for six months...


                  (waits, then hears a click
                   on his Nextel)
             Hello?


             This is Agent James Fujima.


             Detective Crockett.


             What's your Miami PD badge number?


             4-4-7 Charlie 12-92.


                  
             Okay.  What's up?


             A C.I. we cut loose to your Joint
             Interagency Task Force.  Name of
             Alonzo Stevens.  Now, he's YOUR
             informant.  Stevens, called us.  I
             haven't spoken to him for six
             months.
             I do not know what case you have
             him on.  I do not know what he is
             talking about.  But whatever he is
             doing for you, it sounds like it is
             going bad.  Right now...


             How do I discuss operations over an
             open line?


             How do I know?
                  
             I got the call from Alonzo on an
             open line.  That is the hand we
             have been dealt at this moment, at
             eleven-forty-seven o'clock Friday
             night.  Okay?  I am trying to alert
             you, here.
                  
             You know whether or not...you have
             a thing goin' down.  I do not.
                  
             But we know this guy.  I think you
             know this guy.  Normally, he is
             cool.  Tonight he is distraught.
             That is atypical.  That engenders
             foreboding.  Do you understand the
             meaning of the word "foreboding"?
             As in badness is happening to your
             deal right fucking now?





   Nothing.  Rusting marine parts and corrugated metal fall into
   weeds next on a channel of the Indian River.  It cuts through
   inner-city Miami.  Distant noise.  But...



   in low light are strapping up.  Kevlar vests go over tattooed
   arms and chests.  Glimpses of swastikas.  Handguns in
   waistbands.  SMGs  slung from shoulders
   over white shirts, business-suit jackets.  Everybody wears
   surgical gloves.  Shoes are industrial.



   are leaving.  One carries a very long rifle with a flash
   suppressor.  It is a bolt action .50 caliber Burrows.



   is a second Aryan Brother sniper team with an identical
   weapon aimed at an empty lot a thousand yards away across the
   Indian River...



   Two Suburbans and an Escalade pull out...





   Caribbean freighters seized by US Customs rust at the bank.
   MOVE IN.  Two Cadillacs are parked.  Waiting.  A door opens.
   An interior light comes on.  MOVE CLOSER.  Two Russian
   slickster types.  Patient.  One looks at a watch.  The other
   triggers his cell phone.  A meeting is imminent.





   Empty except for the FBI Agent in a sweatsuit carrying files,
   as if he stopped by when Crockett's call came in.  He's on a
   computer.  He picks up the phone...


             Guy's involved in a "meet"...


             "Buy and walk"?  "Buy and bust"?
             "Reverse undercover"?  What?


             Meet and greet.  "I flash you some
             of mine, you flash me some of
             yours?"


             And the deal goes down at another
             place at another time.


             That's right.


             ...so there's no industrial-
             strength HRT weapons team out there
             tonight?

   Crockett puts his Nextel on "speaker" so Tubbs can hear, too.


             Correct.  Flash samples.  Flash
             cash.


                  
             Haitian, Dominican, Russian,
             Israeli?


             White supremacist types.

   Crockett's impatient.


             OMGs, Mongols, Nazi Low-Riders,
             prison gangs?


             NLR, we think.  I wanna know...


                  
             Oh, good...


             ...what else, what else did he
             indicate to you?  I need to know
             everything he said.


             He is saying they had him from the
             gate.  He is saying to my partner
             and I and to his family "goodbye."
             What does that tell you?





   in the back seat get lucky.  The pilot reacts as the
   TECHNICIAN in the copilot seat has picked up a signal from
   the FIREFLY...the LOCATOR...on Alonzo's Bentley.


                  (keys radio; too much
                   static, tries cell phone)
             Sonny, we got him...



   Tubbs pilots it while Crockett gets the location of Alonzo's
   car and repeats it into the headset to Tubbs as the...



   banks hard left and heads for north 95 towards Lauderdale.
   Meanwhile...





   Three Aryan Brothers in business suits get out of the rear of
   the Escalade and Suburban with a driver in each.  Our two
   "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup
   Cadillac and one driver on the other side.

   CLOSER:  ARYAN BROTHERS.  Friendly.  Hip-hop culture has
   invaded White Supremacist gangs.  Buzz cuts.  Goatees.  A
   couple of diamond earrings.


             ...sample now is okay.  And we want
             sample load when we do deal...


             Sure, man.


             What inventory you can supply...?


             Meth.  Glass, ice, K's, E's,
             Mitsu's, Ames, Ex...whatever you
             need.  Coke?  Tonnage.  And
             Colombian H.  But give us a heads
             up...

   The Aryan Brother pops him a couple of vials.

                        ARYAN BROTHER #1 
             Ice.  Spectra-analyze that shit.
             And party-on with the coke.  You
             are looking at ninety-two percent
             pure...none of that jumped-on
             powder they sell up in New
             Yorioo...


             Yeah...
                  
             Now, let's see the green...

   One of the Russians puts his hand on a weapon as the other
   opens up a Nike sports bag.


             Never seen money before?  This is
             called "money."

   Aryan Brother #1 reaches into the bag at the wrapped stacks
   of hundreds.  Flips through a couple, takes one or two at
   random.  Russian nods for him to go ahead.


             Okay.  You got lotsa green.  We got
             all the goodies.  We party.
             Larry'll call you in the AM and
             talk money, quantity, time and
             place...

   WIDEN.  Everybody goes back to their cars.  As the two
   "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from the
   running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open.


             Hey, Ivan!  I forgot to ask you
             something, my brother...

   He looks at his partner and nods, who says something into a
   Nextel.

                        ARYAN BROTHER 
             ...they have a decent death-benefit
             program in the FBI?

   For the Russians in the car, time freezes.  As they start
   to react, they're blown up by .50 caliber rounds from the two
   sniper positions.  The .50 caliber rounds go right through
   car bodies, sheet metal, upholstery, glass, human flesh,
   bone, more upholstery and metal and out the other end.
   Another round goes through the passenger door, through the
   passenger, through the driver, out the driver door and into
   the night...



   The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with the
   chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash.  The
   Escalade driver dons night-vision goggles.  They load up and
   drive off as we hear the "thump, thump" of Air Support and
   some distant sirens.  Meanwhile...





   at 170 knots watching a thermographic image of Alonzo
   Stevens' car on a monitor weave through traffic northbound on
   the 95...  SEE Tubbs' Sikorsky beyond Switek + Zito as it
   swoops from a higher altitude right past the Miami-Dade
   chopper, banks and dives for the freeway.



   Tracking with Stevens' Bentley from the front.

   The black Sikorsky is almost on the Bentley's hood.  Tubbs
   racks the chopper sideways so that Alonzo can see Crockett in
   the copilot seat...



   has his handgun out and is waving Alonzo over to the
   shoulder.  Tubbs keeps the chopper almost blocking Alonzo's
   Bentley.  Alonzo pulls over.  Tubbs wheels around and lands
   on the shoulder.  They approach...



   exits the Bentley and walks toward Crockett and Tubbs.  He
   holds his hand out to keep them at a distance.

   Freeway traffic roars past.  Crockett and Tubbs don't get too
   close, heeding Alonzo's warning...


                  (incensed, over traffic
                   noise)
             What the hell did you do?


             The Feeb gig was I front a coupla
             undercover, Russian-speakers to
             them.  One's ATF.  And broker the
             deal.  Set up the meet with the NLR
             types...

   Stevens takes a low-resolution E-mailed image from his pocket
   and hands it to Tubbs.  Tubbs looks up, shocked, hands it to
   Crockett.  Stevens' head rotates loosely on his
   shoulders...his mind's elsewhere...





   Alonzo's wife, Francine, is bound - clothes torn - to a chair
   in a TV room.  On the floor are two young boys bound with
   plastic ties.  Paper bags are over their heads.  Francine's
   eyes are as large as saucers.  Around her neck is a necklace
   of C-4 explosive connected to a detonator.

                        STEVENS 
                  
             So I gave them up, man!  Gave up
             the Feds!  Gave up everything
             I knew.  Now I got to go home...


             How'd they get onto you?


             How do I know?  But it was from the
             get-go.  Knew the FBI had run me
             into them.
                  
             Sonny, I gotta go...!





   and a Miami PD SWAT team crash through the front door.
   Another team through the back.  Trudy in a tactical vest is
   second in with a 12-gauge.  The house is empty.  Gina and
   other detectives hang in the rear.  First SWAT team "clears"
   the living room, dining room.  Second clears the kitchen,
   maid's quarters...



   ...last room to clear...center of the house.  SWAT teams
   appear around corners.  Weapons up.  The looks on their faces
   tell us nobody is here...nobody alive...and what they see
   gives even these veterans pause as blood pools around the
   legs of a family and overturned chairs.  Alonzo didn't save
   anyone.


                  
             Hello, Sonny...?



   on police radio listens to a message from Trudy while...


                  
             I gotta, I gotta go...!


             Alonzo...


             What...?


                  
             Alonzo, you don't need to go home.

   Now Alonzo knows.


             They said they wouldn't hurt them,
             wouldn't hurt them if...


             They lied.


             They been known to do that...

   Alonzo Stevens has a strange look in his eyes.  He looks at
   Crockett and Tubbs, as if to say something.  He doesn't.
   Crockett and Tubbs walk towards him, to reach him...to
   console him...



   backs away.  Looks at them sadly.  And before they can stop
   him, he steps out onto the freeway, opens his arms, and
   embraces the front bumper of a 70 m.p.h. 18-wheeler.



   Grim, silent, race through Miami traffic to the crime scene
   we know is ahead because...

   OVER TUBBS' SHOULDER we see all the lights from two dozen
   emergency vehicles a quarter mile ahead.  Death is not
   procedural or casual, not when it's somebody you know, like
   an informant you worked cases with.  Cell phone rings.


             Yeah.


             What's your twenty?


             Quarter mile away.  We see the
             lights...


             Turn around.


                  
             We know these people...!


             Grieve elsewhere.





   in a concrete space.  We've entered mid-scene.


             We're not certain...


             You said Nazi Low-riders...?


             We're not certain!


             C'mon, man!


             We think NLR.  We don't know!
             Alonzo only fronted as a broker for
             our guys to make the meet.  He
             wasn't deep into the crew.


             White gangs...?  It doesn't track.


             White gangs is tweakers and a
             crystal meth lab in a trailer park.
             Bounce around the old lady Saturday
             night and get your recidivist ass
             busted back...


             Not anymore.  This is a distribution
             network out of South Florida,
             moving poly-drug loads, crystal
             meth through coke, to Nashville,
             Atlanta, Memphis, Cleveland.  And
             computer fraud, identity theft.
             It's like that.


                  
             Tell them what you want.


             They knew about Alonzo, before he
             made a move on them.  They had our
             operation.  They've cut into us.


             How?


             We don't know.


             Break your encryption?  Hack your e-
             mail?  Employee databases?
             Somebody on the inside?


             We don't know.  And that's the
             point.  Maybe there's a mole.
             Whatever, it's a disaster.  And	
             it's a Joint Interagency Task
             Force.  I have DEA, ATF, U.S.
             Customs components in on it.  So
             the penetration could be from any
             one agency.  What we do know is I
             have to suspend operations right
             now from undercover work through
             interdictions 'cause I have to
             assume our Operational Security is
             blown.


             As in, your ass is dead in the
             water.


             But Miami PD wasn't part of the
             J.I.T.  And from what Alonzo said,
             he didn't give you up.


             So what do you want?


             To recruit you.

   Pause.


             ...I didn't want you around the
             crime scene because it's crawling
             with federal law enforcement.  We
             don't know who's straight up, who's
             not...


             Recruit us to do what?


             Get into business with this crew,
             identify them.  Illuminate their
             network.  If you're lucky, discover
             their source, how they penetrated
             us.  We'll indict and take it from
             there...


             How do we do that?  Make a buy?
                  
             That went well...


             Reverse undercover?  WE supply to
             them?


             They got a steady stream of supply.
             So, no...


             From whom...?


             A Colombian producer.  Named
             Archangel de Jesus Montoya-Londono.


             Never heard of him.


             From the North Valle area.  New.
             Low-level, we think.


             Aryan brothers are not going to
             change-up suppliers.  So...


             Transpo?  How they bringing the
             loads in...?


             They're not.  They collect in
             Miami.  Montoya, the producer,
             handles deliveries.  That's his
             end, and he varies the routes.  We
             got some FLIR off an AWAC of a
             coupla go-fast boats, on one run,
             that's all.

   Fujima boots up his military-spec laptop to view the FLIR
   video.  Meanwhile...


             Track with me, here...
                  
             They knew the "Russians" were
             undercover Feeb?  They should have
             no-showed.  But, no, these guys
             show anyway, and commit murder upon
             federal officers.  And steal all
             your money...
                  
             What does that say to you?


                  
             It says, "We do not fear you."
                  
             It says, "Fuck off and die."  It
             says, "We get down for
             recreation..."

   Fujima's Dell laptop glows to life.  Two almost
   indistinguishable boats and their wakes are SEEN.

                        CROCKETT 
             Blow that up...

   Crockett's attention goes to something atypical he spots
   about the wake emerging behind each boat.  He exchanges a
   look with Tubbs.  But they say nothing.


                  
             So?


             We could try to run loads into
             these guys.
                  
             Run a few loads for Montoya into
             South Florida.  Into this group.


             You need to consider a few issues.


                  
             ...you'd be operating outside
             territorial United States.  Your	
             badges do not count.  You have no	
             authorization to carry weapons.  If
             you're busted, it could take a long
             time to get you re-patriated.  And	
             there's no backup...	
                  
             And you will share with them all	
             your intel on Montoya...	


             Sure.


             I mean full disclosure.	


             Of course.  From my side, I don't	
             WANT to know anything about what
             you're doing or how you do it...
                  
             So let me know if we're on...

   Fujima splits.  Castillo waits until Fujima's car pulls away.


                  
             About the Stevens family, I'm
             sorry.  I know you were close to
             them.


             I was the kids' godfather.


                  
             And...?


             "And" what?


             I got to know.  There is never any
             room for "personal"...	


                  
             He is fine.  And we know the jokes.
             When it gets vengeful, things get	
             messy.  When they get messy the
             wrong people die...
                  
             Everybody gets it.


             Good.


             And the answer is "yes."
                  
             Before she met Alonzo, once upon a
             time, a long time ago.
                  
             You bet it was personal.

   ...and is now compartmentalized in the past.


             Okay.
                  
             What'd you spot...?


             Three wakes off the back of those
             boats.  Who runs three Sterling
             engines off a deep-V hull?


             Sal Maguda.


             He any good?


             Oh, yeah...


             So what's gonna persuade Montoya to	
             change off Sal Maguda running his	
             deliveries...?

   It's a rhetorical question.






   They're two feet out of the water on their dry dock, next to
   a Marine Shed.

   It's an unlikely location because derelict factories, cheap
   apartments, weeds and marine scrap metal are the
   neighborhood.



   and a SWAT team in the weeds across the river.  They include
   SGT. JEAN-LOUIS BASTIDE, a Haitian in dark sweats.  They all
   are in plain clothes.


             Odile, she say they're pregnant...

   We don't know what that means, yet.


             Yeah?  Okay.  Only Jean-Louis and I
             do the talking...





   Both steel doors EXPLODE as if their molecular structure,
   itself, disintegrated from one BLAST of Tubbs M-40 grenade-
   launcher firing a canister of ball bearings like a king-size
   shotgun on steroids as...



   react, but Crockett draws down on one with an AK-47.  Bastide
   wounds the second GUARD who had drawn down his H &amp; K.  A
   Third Guard begs to live in French Patois.  They own the
   place.  And Crockett sees...

   800 individually-wrapped bricks of North Valle Colombian
   cocaine are on a table.


             Comme on dit...
             


             Charger et les recoit d'ici...
             (Load 'em up and get out of
             here...)


             You crazy?  Que fais-tu?


             Que faisons-nous?  De qu'a-t-il
             l'air, fou!  Nous voulons tous
             votre drugs.
             (What are we doing?  What's it look
             like we're doing, fool?  We are
             stealing all your dope.)

   Suburban crashes through the wreckage of the door and backs
   to the table.  Jean-Louis and SWAT #1 start throwing bricks
   into the back.  Tubbs with Crockett exit.



   approach the two deep V-hull go-fast boats with three engines
   off the back.  Tubbs cracks the breech of the grenade
   launcher and loads a 40-millimeter shell, while he strolls
   down the dock...



   tosses two Willie Peters  into the
   boats.  Tubbs fires the M-40 at a third boat, which explodes
   flame, followed by...



   destroy the smuggler's Strykers, which we saw in Fujima's
   video.  Crockett + Tubbs have just put Sal Maguda out of
   business.  They walk away and around the side of the shed,
   disregarding the curious citizens of Little Haiti, come to
   watch the fireworks...






   drive.  Crockett reaches into a paper bag full of cell phones
   and grabs one.  He dials up a number, grabs another and hands
   it to Tubbs.


                  
             Hey, Sailor...
                  
             Yeah, I'm good.
                  
             Got a hole in the
             calendar...looking to charge up the
             cash flow.
                  
             Yeah, later.

   Crockett struck out.  While...


                  
             Hey, Nicholas, my ace.  Wha's up?


             You know.  Same old...


                  
             We got idle all of an instant.  You
             got something from somewhere that's
             got to go someplace, somewhen,
             which is not too distantly in the
             future...?



   ...the guy with the white hair.


             It is fortuitous that you called...





   Corrosion and decay.  People look coldly at us.  Malevolence
   and malefaction on every corner.  No one's picked up the
   garbage for a month.  Poverty in the Caribbean half-light...



   cross the street to CAMERA from their rental car.  The La
   Perla section was a 16th Century haven for pirates.  It's had
   little civic improvements in 400 years.

   They enter a nightclub - shabby neon.



   There are no customers.  They're cautious.  Men stop them
   and frisk them.  They expected that.


             We're from Nicholas to meet José...

   They're waved to the rear.  They start towards a back table.
   A small group of people wait...



   He's a former right-wing Colombian paramilitary from the
   North Valle near the Pacific coast.  He runs operations,
   communications and security.  He has cold eyes and a corpulent
   face.  He's notorious for using torture to ferret-out
   informants.  Right now he watches these two Americans
   approach.  Security people are on either side of him.


                  
             José...


             Sonny Burnett...this is my partner,
             Rico.


             Sit.

   As Crockett sits, he notices that at a table a few to the
   side is a woman.  This is ISABELLA.  Behind glasses, she
   seems immobile, filled with intelligence, well-dressed in
   subdued Tom Ford and staring at him.  Reading him.  Crockett
   holds the look that extra beat and turns back to business...


                  
             Dos café.

   He's security, not a fucking waiter.  But Yero nods.
   Security fetches coffee, anyway.


             So lay it out, my brother...


             Nicholas said you okay.  That's
             nice.  But how I know if you any	
             good?


             What...?


             Who you run loads for?  Cause other	
             than Nicholas, you knows you?

   Tubbs looks at Crockett.  They thought it was a done deal.	


                  	
             My mommy and daddy know me.

   Isabella tilts her head imperceptibly.


             And we didn't come down here to	
             audition.  Business auditions for	
             us...
                  
             ...and know who we are and know	
             they want their load run by us	
             before Nicholas calls.


             That way we do not waste AvGas or
             our motherfucking time.

   Yero's security reacts to the tone and raises weapons.  A few
   start up out of their chair as...



   appear at the door, SMGs from shoulder straps.  Zito flips a
   D14 hand grenade which Crockett snatches out of the air,
   pulls the pin and slams on the table.  Everyone FREEZES.

   Only Crockett's hand pressure restrains the clip.

                        CROCKETT 
                  (goes right up in Yero's
                   face)
             You want to "know" shit?  Who the	
             fuck are you?  You got a side deal	
             with U.S. Customs to open up the	
             coast in a few spots...in exchange
             you flip them some gringo runners?
             Like us...?


             You wearing a wire?	

   Tubbs rips open Yero's shirt.


             Or DEA?  The Feeb?	

   Yero's shirt...open to the waist.  No wire.  Yero's furious.

   Yero's people have weapons pointed their way.  They outnumber
   Switek and Zito.  Slack's taken up on triggers.  It's on the
   edge.  And the edge is overloaded.  Tubbs reads that, warns
   Yero...


             People gonna walk into this place
             and say, "Ola, hijo!  That some	
             crazy wallpaper.  Whew...it wild!	
             Is that a Jackson Pollack?"


             "No, viejo.  That was José Yero,
             splattered all over his
             motherfucking wall."


             So we can close each other's eyes
             right now.  Real easy.  Real fast.
                  
             But, then, nobody makes any
             money...	

   Yero gestures his security to calm down....one notch.
   Crockett and Tubbs still hold the grenades.

   Then Crockett opens his shirt.  No wires.  So does Tubbs.	

   Pause.


                  
             Equipment?


             Slow and low, Adam A-500s...
                  
             ...carbon composite, stealthy, 1400
             nautical-mile range, thousand ki
             payload...all the way to Caravels
             and 727's from a source country to
             a transshipment point.  Small
             freighters.  We've done
             containers...


             And specialize in very fast go-fast
             boats for coastal runs.


             What kind of weight?


             We don't talk weight.  We talk
             logistics.

   Isabella sits, watching this.  She drinks her coffee.

                        JOSÉ YERO 
             You get longs and lats for the
             pickup.  Open ocean.  You run it
             in.  On shore, our people receive
             the loads.


                  
             The people on shore who handle a
             load we run are our people, not your	
             people.  No tweakers, dopers, first-	
             timers we don't know.  They didn't
             do time with us, they ain't doing
             crime with us.	


             What you get from us is a date.  A
             place.  "In the parking lot of a
             Jack-in-the-Box in north Miami."  At
             such-and-such time, an eighteen-	
             wheeler will be there.  Keys in the
             ignition.  Ready to roll.  You pick	
             it up.  And you drive it...
                  
             ...away.


             Money thing is done in advance in	
             places where there are no guns.	                        
             Because when money and guns get	
             together, there is violence...


             You afraid of violence?


             I am not John Wayne.  There is no	
             "S" on his chest.  We get down if	
             the play calls for it.  But we are
             into business and making money.	


             And violence is extra.  And
             expensive.  So how much weight you
             looking to move?


             Nothing.  'Cause how you do	
             delivery on the beach, I don't
             like.  Maybe this does not work.


             Then it don't work.


             What happened to the last
             transporter you had?


             What do you care?


                  
             Do we need this...?


                  
             Red light, green light, José?


                  (doesn't answer, leans
                   back)
             I'm also called "Cochi Loco."  That
             means "Crazy pig."  'Cause I
             enforce security and get people to	
             tell me what I need to know.  That	
             part of what I do, you never want	
             to find out about.
                  
             Other people will negotiate the	
             money and go or not go.  Not me...


             Then what were we talking to you
             for?


             I had to lay eyes on you.


             And...?

   Isabella watches Crockett...


                  
             You seem okay.
                  
             But him?  I don't like... how he	
             looks...

   Everything goes from tense to lethal.  Has Yero made them?


             What do I care what you think about
             how he looks?  You wanna fuck my	
             partner or do business?


             Wait by the phone.
                  
             You get a call.  Or maybe you
             don't.  Until then, piss off back
             to where you come from...

   Crockett flips the hand grenade and catches it with his left
   hand...and he drops it in front of José Yero.  It spins on
   the table.  He had reinserted the pin.  And they back out.





   Contemplative.  Offscreen a door opens.  Entering is Gina
   Calabrese.  She's naked.  She washes his back.  She dumps too
   much shampoo on his head.  He tries to clear it from his
   eyes.  Laughs.  They start to make love under the water, in
   the steam, through the misted glass, offscreen we hear an
   engine rumble...



   Somebody's coming.


             ...Sonny can wait.

   Tubbs and Gina are not random lovers, they're in love.  The
   look in her eyes, the openness is pure femininity behind the
   Bronx presentation.  She smiles, touches the side of his
   face.



   ties up a 75' Sun Seeker.  It looks like a 38' deep-V
   offshore racer on growth hormones.  Crockett's alone, as dusk
   fades over the '60's ranch house on the river.  It's under
   tropical trees, with one strip of white neon utility lighting
   outlining the flat eave.



   let himself in.  He's at a kitchen stool at the counter when
   Tubbs enters in sweats.


             Anything?


             Nothing.

   Gina enters in a robe...


                  
             "Hi, Gina.  Hi, Sonny."


             Hi, Gina.
                  (putting shopping bag on
                   table)
             This is from Frick and Frack.
             Trudy?


                  
             What do we got?

   Crockett pulls out three overly-large cell phones...


             Satellite.  New encryption.
             Supposedly sharper than the G...
                  
             How good's our background?

   Tubbs and Crockett look at the Mac screen as Gina boots it
   up.  Gina's fingers tap dance on the keyboard.


             You're so not the PD, if you got
             busted on a DUI, you're in serious
             trouble...you're bad men back to
             grammar school.
                  
             San Quentin.  Pelican Bay.
                  
             Marine Corps.  Statesville.
             Pelican Bay, where you guys hooked
             up.  Now you're too smart and too
             fast to get jacked again...


             How will it stand up?


             If they ran the rental car or lease
             on this place...even if it's EPIC
             database in El Paso...they'd have
             to work through the layers of
             bullshit three weeks deep.  Then
             they'd find your deeper, hidden
             criminal selves...



   No one's watching it.



   asleep.  Tubbs' eyes are wide open, staring...



   lights up.  Beeps.  Crockett's hand grabs it.  It's the
   summons from José Yero.




                  
             What am I supposed to do after I
             get my nails and hair done...?


             Reality TV and stay by the phone.	
             That's what all wives-in-crime
             do...

   He leans over and kisses her.  She holds firmly the back of
   his neck and looks into his eyes.


             Be...careful...  You hear me?

   He winks at her in assurance and he's gone.  Her lazy smile
   drops off.  "Careful"...she's not so sure he will be...





   Crockett in the copilot seat.  Switek and Zito are in the
   back, barely awake.  Zito hands out coffee.  Switek's
   stashing weapons behind the fuselage upholstery.  Tubbs is
   clearing US air space as we...



   rockets through cumulonimbus against a black sky up to 35,000
   feet.


             Where we meeting 'em...?


             Port-Au-Prince.



   touches down, drives towards us...  Turns towards commercial
   aviation facility...



   opens.  Switek and Zito emerge to rental cars with two car-
   rental clerks waiting...





   Crockett and Tubbs make a careful entry.  Hands on weapons,
   carrying bags...


             What do we got?


             Five minutes...

   We see TRADECRAFT.  They clear the room.  They check for bugs
   and external surveillance.  They pull curtains.  Tubbs from a
   bag pulls a scanner.  Under the two beds.  Behind the
   picture.  The lamp.  The telephone.  Meanwhile...



   "traps" the room to reveal if it had been searched while they
   were gone.  He aligns the suitcase perfectly parallel on the
   bench.  A matchstick goes against the closed closet door.  A
   ballpoint pen is leaned against the telephone.

                        TUBBS 
             ...show time.

   From his bag Tubbs pulls a Smith &amp; Wesson J-frame hammerless
   in .357 Magnum.  He holsters this on his ankle.  A Remington
   780 shotgun with pistol grip, sawed-off to a 12-inch barrel
   gets slung on a bungee-cord shoulder strap under his right
   arm.  .9mm under his shirt in his waistband and two spare
   magazines clipped to his belt.



   loads a .45 "race" gun with rounded sights and a magna-ported
   barrel, cross-drawn, and a blunt .45 Para-Ordnance in the
   small of his back.  They're ready.



   opens.  Crockett "traps" that door, too, with a small piece
   of tape.



   All of it tells us that where they are and where they're
   going is a high wire act without a net.  No backup.  Their
   badges don't work.  There is no law; there is no order.  They
   are in a state of nature where people get killed for their
   shoes.







   wait.  Shadows on white limestone monuments.  Bird songs.






   They wait.  And wait.  And nothing happens.


             They watching us watching them
             watching us waiting for them?  Or
             what?


             Who knows...

   Still apprehensive, concluding they're victims of a "no-
   show"...


             That's it.

   They split.






   approach their door.  Crockett stops.  The tape "trap" is
   torn.  Weapons appear in their hands.  Someone's been here.



   enter stealthily.  Then, they relax.  They need not have
   bothered being so careful about detecting a clandestine
   surveillance.



   The room is overtly destroyed.  Not one piece of furniture is
   unbroken.  Walls have been opened.  Pictures ripped.
   Curtains.  Their stuff's strewn all over.  And, then...



   in.  HAITIAN PARAMILITARY in soccer jerseys and shorts with
   assault rifles...



   AK's are aimed at Crockett and Tubbs' heads.  Crockett's .45
   and his Para-Ordnance are in each hand.  Tubbs' shotgun is
   aimed at the front door, his .9mm at the men streaming in the
   windows.  Frozen moment.  A woman's voice...


                  
             Put your guns on the table...
                  
             If we wanted you dead, you would no
             longer be drawing breath in Miami.
             We wouldn't have brought you all
             the way here.


             Really?  So, what is this, a party?

   Crockett + Tubbs put down their weapons.


             We'll have room service wipe up the
             furniture...and bring drinks.

   Isabella says something in French.  The Cops ease-up.
   Isabella's personal security frisks Crockett + Tubbs and
   remain.  Paramilitary leave.


             Glad we came.  This place is a lot
             of fun if you're Doctors Without
             Borders.  So...?

   Isabella takes off her glasses.  She's Afro-Cuban.


             I run down the numbers.  Nothing is
             very negotiable.  Small loads?  We
             pay three thousand a ki.
             We pay your fuel costs up front
             plus ten percent.  The next ten
             percent on U.S. landfall.


             Define small.


             Two, three thousand a ki.
             Two thousand ki's, your end is

                  
             Complex transshipments or dealing
             with containers, these have front-
             loaded costs we pickup.
                  
             For this kind of weight, the
             balance of 80% is when our buyer
             picks up the load.
                  
             Transactions are offshore.  Dollars
             or euros.  Secure internet
             transfers.  We have lists of Cayman
             and Isle of Man banks infiltrated
             by IRS, to be avoided...
                  
             No transactions of cash or other
             banking instruments take place on
             U.S. soil...
                  
             That's the deal.


             I thought we had to meet the Man.


             You do.


             When?


             Right now.

   As she leaves...



   in the back seat on a rural road.  Isabella is not with them.
   One of her Russians is.  In the front seat, his SMG is ready;
   his eyes never leave Crockett and Tubbs.



   A military Hummer in the front carries Isabella with her
   security.  Behind is a crew cab with bench seats loaded with
   Haitian paramilitary.



   They approach a town.  He nudges Crockett.  A police
   roadblock's ahead.



   has seen something else.  He indicates the pager on his
   waist.



   That's what's surprising.  Tubbs pulls his cell phone.
   Meanwhile, they're slowing down for the police roadblock.
   Crockett gets tense...



   watches.  His cell's SIGNAL STRENGTH INDICATOR steps down to
   zero.



   stop the caravan.  Is this turning bad?



   alarmed.



   check under the vehicles with mirrors.  See all the weapons.
   Salute.  Usher the convoy past.



   exchange a look.  Then they get it.  The cops work as
   security for the narcotrafficker.  The caravan advances
   towards a major intersection.  This one is blocked-off by
   Haitian military.



   is snatched open.  Haitian soldiers search Crockett and
   Tubbs.  They defer to the Russian-speaking security.
   Mercedes pulls forward...



   eyes his pager; Tubbs his cell phone: no signal in an urban
   area?  Blocking signal traffic is something the CIA does over
   Baghdad.  It's not supposed to be happening in Haiti on a
   dope deal.



   SEE a third circle of security approach.



   carrying automatic weapons, some more casually dressed, some
   with night-vision goggles.  The vehicles stop.



   Crockett and Tubbs are directed to get out.  They're pushed
   around and searched.  A working class Glaswegion Scot, a
   couple of 5'10" Brits are off to the side with short hair and
   shoulders that are too deep and faces like Rugby players (ex-
   SAS).  Russians are ex-KGB.  Languages overheard:  smatterings
   of Russian, Hebrew and English.  Crockett and Tubbs look at
   each other:  they get it.  This is the cream of private
   sector security.  And it says top dollar infrastructure.



   Four avenues lead in.  Each avenue is blocked.  The square is
   closed down to vehicles and pedestrians.  Locals have
   disappeared.  In the center of the square are FOUR MATCHING




   gestures to Tubbs to look up.  They see...



   with night-vision goggles...



   are clean.



   cross through a no-man's land.  It feels like being in the
   open in Kosovo.



   checks out the first Suburban's uplink satellite dish on a
   hydraulic mast.  The rear's converted into computer equipment
   sitting in ruggedized racks...



   Doors open.  The interior has been converted into a
   luxurious, limo-like office with swivel seats.  Isabella
   followed by Crockett and Tubbs enter.  It's occupied by
   ARCHANGEL DE JESUS MONTOYA-LONDONO.  He's not flashy.  He has
   smooth skin, slightly opalescent, black eyes.  His right arm
   is normal length, but shriveled.


             Please take that seat on the
             side...


             Thank you.


                  
             Excuse me because I am very busy
             and have many things to do, so this
             will be brief.  Yes?
                  
             We will try you on a "run."  One.
             To build trust.  We do a thousand
             kis.  In all matters, when you work
             for us, you must do exactly what
             you say you will do.
                  
             In this business with me, if you
             say you will do a thing, you must
             do exactly that thing.
                  
             Then?  You will prosper beyond your
             dreams and you can live in Miami in
             millionaire style.
                  
             If you are arrested, there will be
             lawyers made available to you in
             the United States.  You will use
             them.  Anything you need, you will
             be provided by me.  It cost you
             nothing.  You will contact and work
             through José Yero on logistics and
             communications.  To do with money,
             you will work through my wife,
             Isabella...

   Crockett notices that Montoya lightly holds her hand.  It's
   confident.  And he sees the slight smile on Isabella's face
   as she watches he and Tubbs...

                        MONTOYA 
             More than I, in finance and
             business, she is very dangerous.  I
             look forward to our doing work
             together.  Whether we do or not, it
             is unlikely we will meet again.  So
             I extend my best wishes to your
             families...
                  
             Particularly to your beautiful
             wife.
                  
             Thank you for making this long trip
             to see me...

   Dismissed, they exit.



   Subterranean alarms are going off.  Tubbs finds himself in
   this small city, occupied by narcotraffickers and their
   security in the middle of nowhere.  Urgency agitates Tubbs.
   He controls it...



   in the town square, now, too.  But Isabella stayed inside
   Montoya's Suburban.  Now, she lowers her window.



   break up.  Montoya's Suburbans pull out.  The security cordon
   deforms.  It all disappears around them.  It leaves only the
   Mercedes, a driver, and Crockett and Tubbs...



   looks after the caravan.



   in the side-view mirror on the passenger side.  She is
   looking at him.



   holds that look.



   holds his.



   Sound deadens.  His attention is on the woman in the
   mirror...until it's broken by Tubbs' attention to his cell
   phone.



   Signal strength returns.  Tubbs punches in numbers.


                  
             ...who did we just meet?

   He waits.  A phone rings.  It's picked up by Gina.


             Hello...?

   Tubbs is relieved...


             You okay?


             Yeah.


             You sure?


             Yes.  What's up?


             Nothing.  Calling to say hi...
             What's up with you?






             Bored.

   To Tubbs, that's good news.


             Okay...see you soon.


             ...and thanks for the flowers.




             What flowers?


             The bouquet, here.  Five-hundred
             dollars worth of roses...yellow.

   Pause.


             There a note?

   Pause.


             You mean with the flowers...?


             What's it say?


             "Salutations from the south..."

   A deep chill.

                        GINA 
             I...I thought it was from you.

   And, now, she gets it.  Gina is in the kitchen.  Alone, in
   their secret safe-house location.  She and Tubbs have nothing
   to say.  He looks to Crockett.  The message from Montoya-
   Londono is clear:  I know you.  I can reach out and locate
   you our yours.  Anytime.  YOU ARE NOT SAFE.


             We're on our way...




                  
             So why don't you...meet the
             plane...

   We sense this is code.  It means get the fuck out of there
   right now!


                  
             Okay.


             Good idea.
                  
             We'll grab a bite.

   Gina ends the call, drops to the floor to the wall, kills the
   lights, holds her Sig .9mm at her side as she moves deeper
   into the interior...





   Close on their two faces.  He's holding her hand under the
   table.  The noise of the surrounding crowd is a ROAR.  That's
   the idea.  They want their words buried under noise...



   discreetly at the door, watching the street.  Trudy, Switek
   and Zito are at adjacent tables.


             ...the lease, the phones, the
             cars...layers of false ident.
             Would take the FBI weeks.  How long
             did it take them?  Three hours?
             Four?
                  
             This means, "We can reach out and
             touch somebody."  Like Bad
             Teleflora.


                  
             ...even if they could run the
             identities you built to EPIC, all
             they'll find is more cover...
             Trust what you built.  It's
             quality, girl.  We're cool...


                  (leans in; holds his hand
                   tighter)
             ...you are trying to reassure me
             because you know when people get
             anxious, they make mistakes.
             You're worried about me.  Do not
             be.
                  
             I am careful.  I am cool.  I got
             Trudy, backup, whatever.  You worry
             about you.  Because you are the
             ones who are in denied territory,
             not me.  If your focus is on me,
             you'll miss something coming at
             you.  That's how people slip up.
             Get hurt.  And I'd die if anything
             happened.  You worry about you.
             You and Sonny...are in the
             dangerous place.  I'm fine...

   Gina leans back in her chair.  Their eyes still connect
   across the distance between them.  Their hands still touch.

                        GINA 
                  
             Fuck 'em.  They sent us some
             flowers.  Big deal.  Thanks for the
             flowers...

   Gina Calabrese shrugs.  Tubbs laughs, and we are...



   Low music.  Dark shadows.  Half-light washes the walls from
   passing headlights.  Tubbs are Gina are naked.  It's the
   lovemaking of a man and a woman when they hold precious the
   moments they have because they know that in these moments
   they are safe.  And that the present is fleeting.  And they
   know their time together is about luck.  Because life is
   short.  Departure is imminent.  Nothing lives forever.  It's
   in their faces and their eyes...





   A lantern lights his face.  The night is soft.  Crockett's
   with a couple of campesinos, playing poker and drinking beer.

   Whoever's shack this is, is a Tupac Shakur freak.  His image
   is on all the walls.  A diesel truck starts and pulls away
   outside.



   checking the cargo tie-downs inside an A-500 Adam aircraft.
   He's sweating.  His shirt's off.  The cargo is ten black
   plastic-wrapped and taped bundles.  Like any good pilot,
   Tubbs trusts nobody but himself to tie-down the load.  The
   rear seats are removed.  There's a plastic bladder holding a
   reserve of 50 gallons of AvGas.



   wins.  The girls shriek.  Crockett pushes the money towards
   the Campesinos.  They refuse.  Crockett insists.  One will	
   only accept the money if Crockett accepts his Randall hunting
   knife.  He does.  Tubbs is in the doorway.


             We set.

   Crockett kisses the girls, gracious about the gift.  Tubbs
   looks out into the night.


             To the limit.


             You worried about the tree line, US
             Customs AWACS, or something else on
             your mind?


             Like...?


             Gina in the Miami pad.
                  
             You gonna give me phony denials?


             No.
                  
             You gonna give me phony
             reassurances?


             No.


             Good.  So let's go...

   They head toward the strange-looking plane.  It's a single
   fuselage with two propellers...one at the nose, one at the
   tail.  Off the wings are two booms that connect to a rear
   wing.  It's a Burt Rutan aircraft design.

   There is neither metal nor exposed exhausts for radar or IF
   to spot.  It does 200 knots at 22,000 feet.  It'll fly,
   forever, 1,000 kilos of flake worth $23 million, and the
   total air weight is less than two Bentleys.  It's the
   smuggler's dream airplane.



   heads for the tree-line.  It will not make it.  At the last
   moment, Tubbs pulls back the stick and the plane lofts over
   the trees, clipping the tops...



   throws a look sideways at Tubbs.



   airborne over the Caribbean, heading north...


                  
             Transglobal Airlines flight zero-
             zero-zero...is in the air...


             Roger that.



   is dozing.  A signal.

   Tubbs points up and to the right.  Crockett wakes, looks.  An
   Aero Commander Turbo Twin is paralleling the A-500's course.
   Now, it slides over them...almost into a collision.  It sits
   right over the A-500, separated by only 75 feet.



   handling a myriad of flights, reacts.  On his radar he sees
   next to the image of the Aero Commander, a ghost image....


             Eleven-ten, Sierra, do you have a
             visual on another aircraft...?



   Switek is flying and looks down at the A-500 below...


             Negative, Opa-Locka.



   keys his radio.


             Opa-Locka Air Traffic Control to
             JIT 0-seven-six-Nellie-Charlie...


             Hello, Opa-Locka.  What's up?


             I've got an Aero Commander coming
             in on a two-seventy-nine heading,
             but I had a double image...like
             there's another plane there, now
             I'm only picking up on one.  What
             do you read?




             Let me see...

   His FLIR  picks up Switek and
   Zito's Air Commander.  He flips through all the different
   modalities of detection, including thermography, for anything
   else suspicious in the airspace...


                  
             Too many Mai Tais at lunch...
             You're seeing double.  One blip.
             One plane.




   We get the joke.  The A-500 with its stealthiness under the
   Aero Commander together like a single footprint.



   piggybacked, enter US airspace and cross the coastline into
   Florida.

   From underneath, the Aero Commander sweeps to the right on
   approach as Tubbs radically dives for the trees, hugging the
   contour at 220 knots at 150 feet...having snuck this plane
   and its load into the United States of America.	





   Alone in the acid-yellow glare of the sodium vapor lights.
   We wait.  We don't know why we're here.



   MOVE IN...and we REVEAL staked-out are Crockett, Jean-Louis
   and Tubbs...


             Neptune gonna show?

   We don't know who he's talking about.


             Oh, he'll show.  This is his kind
             of deal.  Crime on crime.  Who's
             gonna call the cops?


                  
             Usually his thing is street
             dealers.  Torture their families
             until they cough up the stash.
             This...?


             He's ambitious.


             Heads up...



   Lights off.  Cruises through the parking lot past the U-Haul-
   It to the other side and disappears.

                        TUBBS 
             That's slick:  Neptune's Escalade's
             worth more than the real estate.
             But no one's supposed to notice his
             drive-by?


             Here's another incognito genius...



   cruises the other end of the parking lot.  The Escalade
   returns.  All's clear.  Both converge around the U-Haul-It
   truck.  Out of the Escalade steps NEPTUNE - 6'4", narrow-
   shouldered and bald.  From the Malibu and back of the
   Escalade, Four more Haitian ZO POUNDERS with handguns,
   shotguns and shades...



   pops the lock on the U-Haul-It with a crowbar.  He rolls up
   the door expecting millions worth of cocaine.  Instead he
   comes face to face with the barrel of a 12-gauge...


             April Fool, motherfucker.

   Trudy whips the butt end of the shotgun around, caving in
   Neptune's cheekbone and nose...



   goes down for the count.  Switek - under the truck - rolls
   out.  Crockett, Tubbs with shotguns, Jean-Louis and Zito with
   CAR-15s emerge from the perimeter with bright lights on
   shouting for the Haitians to freeze...


                  
             Arrete!  Arrete!  Freeze!
                  
             Et vous, mo-fo!

   A 250-lb. ZO POUNDER brings up his weapon.  Crockett BLOWS
   the guy's legs out from under him.  Zito disarms him.  The
   other two are disarmed.



   is rolled over by Crockett.  He plastic-ties his wrists and
   feet.  Others are manhandled...


                  
             Get the fuck in the truck...!

   Zo Pounders, plastic-tied, are thrown into the truck with the
   thousand kilos of cocaine.  But not Neptune.  The gate is
   rolled down and padlocked.





   staring at his satellite cell.  Waiting.  He looks out the
   window at the passing river.  Soft voices from another
   room...probably Tubbs and Gina.  It's five in the morning.
   It rings.  He answers.


             Client got delivery.  But there
             were..."extras" in the back of the
             truck.


             "Extras" tried to relieve us of
             your weight...
                  
             And by the by, you know of a player
             in Overtown who goes by the name of
             "Things Aquatic"?


             I do.  We don't do business with
             him...


             He tried to..."do business"...with
             you.  Around ten.  His place.  Be
             there.


             I'll be there.



   cruises storefront churches, chacouteries, Baptist missions,
   Haitian restaurants and palm trees.  Men in dark trousers and
   white shirts lean in doorways.  The SUV preceding Yero stops
   three houses before us.  The Excursion with Yero stops two
   houses beyond.  Security - very casually - deploys.  NOW,
   Yero approaches...seen through the curtains of the window
   we're looking through.  Reveal Tubbs watching.

   And, he crosses to the door and opens it as Yero cautiously
   enters.



   And his face registers surprise.


             Look familiar?



   Carefully stacked in the living room are the PLASTIC-WRAPPED



   Hog-tied and bleeding all over his clothes, in the corner is
   Neptune.  His mouth is taped.  He's shaking his
   head...disclaiming, disowning and disavowing...


             This the load you lost a while
             back?


             It is.  He try to take tonight's
             load?


             Yeah.


             And what do I do with him?


                  
             Whatever you want.  Like we said,
             we're not into violence.

   Yero looks around the corner and sees Switek and Zito in the
   dining room, casually at ease with Galil assault
   rifles...meaning "don't even think about it"...





   The empty mansion is on its own peninsula.  Through the
   windows we see a yacht and Crockett's 48' Stryker, its canopy
   open but without its racing supergraphics.  The mansion
   interior...all Beaumaniers limestone...is devoid of all
   furnishing.  They sit on white plastic garden chairs from
   Sears.


                  
             I walk into Neptune's house...very
             nice.  But I also see you... and
             our drugs that got ripped from
             Maguda.


             You don't like us finding your
             load?  We can go and lose it all
             over again...


             How 'bout this?  How'd Neptune know
             where to hit us?  Huh?  Whose Op
             sec's got a leak?  Yours?


             What'd Neptune tell you?


             He didn't.  Interrogation's not in
             our skill set.
                  
             So c'mon, what suspicions have you
             master-minded off these
             associations?


                  (whispers in Spanish to
                   Isabella)
             Here's what this is...ask how much
             they want to turn back to us our
             load...

   Yero's certain about their motive.


             We want it back.


             Okay.


             What's the recovery?  How much are
             you looking for?


                  
             How much we looking for?


             Nothing.


             What's "nothing"?


             Nothing.  As in "free, gratis."


             And as an investment in the
             future...


                  (takes off her glasses and
                   looks at Crockett)
             "Future" of...?


             A fine...business...relationship...

   She holds Crockett's look...as she did before.


             It's yours cause what's yours, is
             yours.  And what's ours is ours...
                  
             ...like the second ten-percent,
             which is now due, Yero, my ace.

   Isabella gestures.  Yero kicks across the floor a cardboard
   box full of money.  Tubbs glances inside.  Doesn't count it.

                        TUBBS 
             What's up next?  Or is this a one-
             time deal?

   Isabella decides.


                  
             Give them the shipment on the
             seventeenth...

   Yero doesn't like it.  She gestures "do it."


             Conveyance?


             Maritime.  Jose will fill you in.

   And she starts to leave...and sensing Crockett's gotten up
   and follows her.  Meanwhile


                  
             Lay it out...

   And Crockett, close behind Isabella, now...


                  
             There is one thing you can do for
             me in recognition of the death-
             defying risks we took to recover
             your product...


                  
             And what is that?

   This is the wife of narcotrafficker Archangel de Jesus
   Montoya-Londono.


             Let me buy you a drink.

   Isabella pauses.  Crockett may get killed right now.  They're
   near the open doors to the patio.


                  
             What do you like to drink?


                  
             I'm a fiend for mojitas.

   Isabella looks over at Crockett's boat.  Back to Crockett...


                  
             How fast does that go?


             It goes very fast.


             Show me...?

   Isabella and Crockett head outside towards the dock, Tubbs
   overtakes...


             Can I talk to you for a second,
             partner...?

   They step aside.

                        TUBBS 
                  
             Wha's up...?


                  
             I know what I'm doing.

   And he leaves to help Isabella board.  Switek unties and
   pushes off the boat.  Looking out the window at them is José
   Yero, as perplexed as Tubbs, who covers...


             ...secure satellite comms.
             encrypted e-mail, the longs and
             lats for the transshipment
             point...all that?  It's all cool.
             But I need a vector, not a
             location.  'Cause ships move.
             That's why they call them ships.
             Ship stops?  It's trying to be an
             apartment building.  At sea that
             attracts attention.  That's bad...

   Meanwhile...



   pulling away from the docks at 12 knots, repressing the
   thunder of the 2,700-horsepower engines.  Crockett leaves the
   canopy slid back.  They're open to the air.  He gives
   Isabella headsets so they can talk over the roar.  The wind
   starts to move her hair.  She's not sure how to put on the
   headset.

   Crockett lets the boat rock over the swells while he arranges
   her headset around her ears.  His fingers brush her hair,
   touch her skin...

   It was not intentional.  But the look in Crockett's eyes is
   as if a small voltage passed through him.

   He plugs her headset into the dash, regains the wheel, shoves
   the throttles forward and...



   cuts and then leaps over swells.  In seven seconds they're
   doing over 70 knots.  And Crockett holds it there as...



   The wind whips her hair behind her, now.  The two are small
   against the smooth 50' long hull.  Crockett hands her
   wraparound shades for her eyes.  She doesn't want them...


                  
             So where's the best place for
             mojitas?


             Bodeguita del Medio.  It's the only
             place for mojitas...


             Where's that?


             Off a little alley with
             cobblestones.  Hemingway went
             there...


             The Keys?


             Havana.


             Havana?  Cubans don't like us or my
             business...


             Are you afraid?
                  (smiles; Crockett shakes
                   his head "no")
             Good.  And you don't need a visa.
             Cause you're with me.



   rockets from one swell to the next, getting airborne.  Wind
   and salt electrify Isabella.  She turns to Crockett and
   smiles, putting on the glasses, now.  Crockett gestures to
   her knees.  She should keep them bent.  Crockett pushes it to
   75 knots...



   in strong light, ripped by wind.  Behind them are ocean and
   sky and twenty-foot plumes which jet from the props and make
   a wake that vectors in diagonals to what each is leaving
   behind them...where they've been...and converge to push them
   to the new places where they're headed.  Behind, the skies
   are leaden.  They're racing a storm.  Sunlight shafts through
   a gap in thunderclouds, turning the clouds yellow.  Now, they
   turn peach against the darkening open water and the grey sky
   behind.  The boat vibrates, the engines scream and...



   waves her over to join him behind the wheel.  He holds out
   his left hand to steady her.  He brings her to him.  Both
   lean against his high upholstered chair.  He holds her to his
   side.  Indicates the wheel...


             Light touch.  Everything comes to
             you through the wheel.



   stays on the throttle, throttling back when the props are out
   of the water so you don't redline the engine and forward
   when reentering.  The swells are now four feet.  They launch
   off each, get airborne, cut into the next...

                        CROCKETT 
             How do we get into Cuba?!


             My cousin is the harbor master.
             You must not bring in drugs.  You
             cannot be armed.  If you're
             carrying, it has to go.  Or stow it
             inside.  No one will go near your
             boat...


             You do business in Cuba with your
             husband?


             I never do business in Cuba.
                  
             And nobody goes to Cuba but me.
                  
             And he is not my husband...

   Crockett's surprised.  And he doesn't push it.


             Were you born in Havana?


             Angola.  My mother was being a
             surgeon there.  She volunteered.
             Mozambique and Mali, too...
                  
             ...those days, in those days...she
             was part of Cuba's gift to the
             third world.  She came from a
             bourgeois family with a house in
             Verdado...we still have the house.
             We will go there...


             Where's she now?


             She's dead...

   Crockett looks at her.  Her perspective is that of the '60's
   and '70's, the politics of national liberation, the
   perspective of Marcuse and Franz Fanon.


             Your father?


             Angolan Military.  Went back to the
             fighting.  Disappeared.  Who
             knows...?

   Isabella looks at the look on Crockett's face.

                        ISABELLA 
             Go ahead and ask...


             How's he not your husband?


             I am no one's wife.  I live in my
             own house.  I do not live in a
             man's house.  He has a wife.  We
             are together.  I am free.  Because
             of banking and finance and travel...
                  (looks at him, shouts over
                   wind)
             And I can do anything I want...

   She laughs.  She has that combination of intellect, beauty
   and youth.  Everything is possible...life will never
   end...she can ride this crest eternally.

   And Crockett knows that her confidence makes her oblivious to
   peril, makes "right now" too real because she believes she
   will live forever.



   can't help it.  He looks right at her.  She lifts her face to
   the spray.  Some clouds part and light strikes her...

   And Crockett wants to possess her; to protect her.  He wants
   no one else to have her.  He wants no harm to come to her.
   And this is an impulse that takes him over to the core of who
   he is.  And, as we MOVE IN CLOSER, Crockett has to turn
   away...



   sees this.  She's quizzical.  Crockett looks back at her.
   Their eyes connect.



   leaps...



   his left arm around her shoulder, his right on the wheel.
   She rocks back against his body.  They rip across the seas...





   14-piece Afro-Cuban band.  IN THE PRESS OF dancers at a small
   table, Crockett and Isabella...


                  
             Mojitas...?


                  
             Later!  Do you dance?


             I dance...

   They move into the crowd under two-story high windows
   overlooking Meyer Lansky's Hotel Riviera - freeze-dried 1959
   Las Vegas.



   Whatever we knew about Sonny Crockett, we did not know he
   could dance.  Their feet, their knees and thighs, perfectly
   matched, they samba, like lightning.

   He swings her around and turns her to a close embrace as
   their hips and legs parallel each other's, as he turns her
   under his arm, stops her, pulls her backwards into his body,
   her hips into his, the fast beat, the footwork, and he spins
   her back facing him, pressing her closer as it gets faster
   and...





   fall onto a bed, shedding the last of their clothes, making
   love in a house somewhere.  Beyond them is an open window to
   the ocean.  The sky turns red and grey but the water stays
   molten.

   Their eyes are open...because they're locked together the
   whole time and their faces are steady and urgently surprised
   because this is not language; not a symbol, not a
   representation of a thing.  Jesus Montoya is not here.  Miami
   is not here.  This is discovery.  This is fact.  They have
   discovered each other and have never felt like this about
   anyone before in their lives.





   His eyes open.  He wakes up.  Light and situation flood in.
   He does not know where he is.  He pulls on his pants.
   Barefoot, he walks to the window.  The interior is high-
   ceilinged with immaculately polished floors.  And Crockett
   looks around, a stranger in a stranger place.



   enters.  The paint on the outside of this house is peeling
   and patinaed with stain.  The yard is overgrown.  The stucco
   fence around the streamline deco facade is crumbling from
   weather and time...



   from the balcony of the futuristic villa in Verdado...  A
   futurism from 1939, peeling aqua, aging science fiction.
   Wherever we are in the world, this place is out of the
   stream, outside history.  And Isabella, this woman from a
   different world, enters, brings him an oversized cup of
   coffee.  In his trousers, Crockett drapes an arm across her
   shoulders and they stand in the air.



   hears voices from the interior.


             My aunt.  She's ancient.  She looks
             after the place...
                  
             This was my mother's family's
             home...





   in the funky yellow restaurant drinking mojitas.  They've had
   lunch served to them at the bar.  Frosted glasses have sugar
   on the bottom and are loaded with crushed Cuban herbs.  The
   bartender has been there for 40 years.  Crockett and Isabella
   look like regulars.  They've served chicken and plantains.
   Like any restaurant, the people eating at the bar are the
   regulars.  They sit where Hemingway sat in the slow part of
   the afternoon.


             Tell me everything.


             No.


             I insist.


                  
             Okay.
                  
             Macon, Georgia is where I was born.
             Wound up in a juvenile facility.  I
             was 14.  Then the military.  Then
             prison.  Because I was dumb and
             angry.  Then I read.  Then I got
             smart.  Then I discovered what I
             know, now...it's all business...

   Isabella smiles.

                        CROCKETT 
                  
             My friend, two more.
                  
             What was your mother's name...?


             Blanca...a rubio like you.
                  
             I see her in a dress...an old
             photograph from Lucinda somebody's
             wedding...everybody is with
             couples.  Husbands and wives.  They
             all pose.  My mother is alone
             because my father had to go back to
             the fighting.
                  
             ...she looks right into the camera.
             She is the most beautiful woman in
             the room.  By herself.  In a party
             dress.  And she looked like she
             knew she would die alone...
                  
             She spoke many languages.  We were
             in Luanda when she died.  I went to
             her friends in Mali.  They sent me
             to the Ecole Polytechnique in
             Geneva to study mathematics, where
             I met Montoya in the discos.  He
             had banking there...I was seventeen
             and very much into the clubs.  And
             he sent me to University for an MBA
             in Finance.
                  
             Your mother?


             Died in childbirth, having me...


             To mothers.  And all that we owe
             them...

   Isabella looks at Crockett and smiles and puts on her
   sunglasses.


             You know how improbable this is...?


             "Probable"...applies to an event
             that may be real.  Doesn't apply
             here.


             ...'cause we have no future...are
             of today and not tomorrow.


                  
             That's right.


             ...and therafore there is no
             consequence?


             Exactly.

   Crockett's hand is around her waist and slips down her hip as
   he pulls her closer and takes off her glasses and she puts
   down her drink and kisses him at the bar and Crockett's eyes
   dwell on her and she looks back at him and, now, knowing what
   he's thinking...






   The water is like sheet metal as clouds allow only a sliver
   of light to illuminate the sea while rain greys-out most of
   it.  Minute crimson is a freighter heading to the stone
   harbor.  Fabric billows in the wind.  PULL BACK into the room
   to Crockett and Isabella...



   ...one light skinned, the other brown, intertwine in the
   opiated moments after sensuality.  The afternoon half-light
   drapes parts of their bodies, making a relief against which
   their eyes hold each other's...





   focused elsewhere.  It's as if he's struggling to record the
   event of her in memory so she'll sustain there, because he
   compels himself to a different place, now.  Then, the shower
   curtain parts.  It startles him...



   enters.  She touches his back.  He turns to her with a smile.


                  
             Let's talk deliveries.

   Isabella is not let down by the switch to commerce.  She
   merely goes there, too.  After all, this is their subject.
   Soft smiles.

                        CROCKETT 
             ...and a different kind of deal.


             Like...?


             Like "three thousand a ki?"  That's
             nice.
             And I can supply the transportation
             into South Florida and the Gulf,
             more reliable and on-time than
             FedEx.  But, three per ki was OK
             for openers.


             And why should continuing
             excellence cost more?


             Cost less.  That's the point.


             Is it December?


             What do you mean?


             Did Christmas come early this
             year...?


             Better than that.
                  
             We become partners.  Only in this
             territory and only on loads we run.
             And you don't pay us three thousand
             a ki.  You pay us zero.  Why we
             get is thirty percent of the load.
             Product or cash.  "And why," you're
             thinking, "would I be crazy enough
             to out in these gringos like that?
             Is he chipping?  Crazy for my love?
             Too many mojitas?"  And the answer
             is, "of course" but also "no.  It
             is because Sonny can deliver what
             no one else can."


             Good samba dancing...?


             Zero risk.


             'Cause you don't lose loads?


             'Cause we guarantee every load.
                  
             Anywhere, for any reason, it comes
             up short, we make good.  Your
             operations will, from now on, run
             risk-free.


             And you're our thirty-percent
             partner?

   Her knowing smile speaks of experience beyond her years.

                        ISABELLA 
                  
             What if I tell you that your ideas
             are too big for your skin?
                  
             That merely to propose this is a
             dangerous thing?


             Then I would say to you, this has
             been fun...

   There's a long pause.  This is business.  This is what is.


             The range should be between fifteen
             and seventeen-point-five percent of
             the P.O.E....to even consider it.


             I need thirty.  Calculate in, also,
             the cash you don't have to front...


             Available cash is not an issue for
             us...


             Twenty-eight-point-five.


             What if I pushed to twenty-one...?


             I would say you're...
                  (hesitates; holds up four
                   fingers)
             ...four percentage points away from
             a deal...


             Maybe I'm only one.

   And she slides into his arms.  And smiles...


             We'll do it at twenty-two...

   Isabella laughs.  She kisses him under the shower water.  And
   it's tough to know who is pushing it further out onto the
   edge.

                        CROCKETT 
             ...and now what?


             And now I make you breakfast
             again...

   Her breathing is heavier as she buries her head in his neck.





   Crockett is alone.  Black skies mottled with grey.



   Rain and wind rip across his face.  He left Isabella in
   Havana.



   rings.  Crockett picks it up.  It's Tubbs...


             Where the hell are you, man?


                  
             On my way back...

   Crockett disconnects.  He pushes it.  It launches from one
   swell, airborne, and knifes into the next.  It's violent.
   Crockett's thoughts and expression are about Isabella.  They
   are criminal conspirators, a woman cheating on her
   narcotrafficker "husband," an outlaw smuggler who's really an
   undercover cop...



   rockets in and then throttles back.





   sitting on the U-shaped jetty as we HEAR Crockett kill the
   engines, tying it off.  Gina stands halfway up the small lawn
   to the early 60's ranch house under tropical palms.  Tubbs'
   mood is dark.  As Crockett approaches, he looks blankly at
   Tubbs, offering no explanation...


                  
             The meet with Castillo and the fed
             got set up.  It's in 45 minutes...

   Tubbs goes inside.  Crockett follows.  As he passes Gina...


             What's up, Sonny...?

   Crockett looks at her.  He has no answer.



   enters.  While Tubbs is strapping up...


             Where'd you go?


             Hit a couple of jazz clubs.  Fell
             back to her place.


             Where?


             Verdado.


             Verdado where?


             It's in the suburbs outside Havana.


             Havana, Cuba...?


             No.  Havana, Louisiana.
                  
             Don't we have a meet?


             ...where you're makin' a move on
             the wife of Archangel de Jesus
             Montoya?


             No.


             You're not makin' a move on her...?


             We're makin' moves on each other.


             Oh, that makes it okay, then.






   We've entered a secret meeting mid-argument.


             Who said, "go exploring"?  We want
             this staying on track.


                  
             Who's the "we"?  There's you and
             there's us.  And all we got from
             you was bad intel.  "Low-level
             producer."  Yeah, right...


             What are you talking about?


             Montoya.  We went to meet the
             village priest.  It turns into
             Alice in the fucking Vatican and
             here's the Pope...of the North
             Valle Colombia dope trade.


             His operations are kingpin size and
             first-class.  His security is ex-
             Eastern bloc, ex-SAS and Israelis.
             Their comms are satellite uplink
             with mainframe encryption,
             significant Sig Int and in their
             zones of activity, they have signal-
             jamming capability...

   Fujima is surprised...


             Yeah.  CIA-level stuff...


             And what does that level of
             spending on first-class, private-
             sector infrastructure signify to
             you?


             Mega-tonnage and mega-cash flow...


             Out of...?


             Haiti and Puerto Rico.  Money
             through Dubai and Geneva maybe.


             Their loads are poly-drug.  "E"
             from Holland, methamphetamine
             precursors from Jordan, Afghan "H."
             Mid-ocean transshipments.  His real
             business is:  he's a network.


             And we can illuminate part of it
             from the inside out.


             So we want to change-up the mission
             statement.


                  
             Identify and indict the white
             supremacist group of importers.
             End of story.  Everything else I'm 
             hearing is speculation masquerading
             as intel...

   Crockett flips him a set of keys.

                        FUJIMA 
             What's this?


             Keys to the boat.  Go do this
             motherfucker yourself.

   Fujima looks at Castillo...who is this insubordinate prick?


             Who are you talking to?


             He's talking to you, bro.
                  
             What he means to say is he is
             reluctant to abandon the
             penetration of a major
             narcotrafficking organization...


                   
             Hey, fuck him.


             Chill out Sonny.


             We're the ones doing the death-
             defying shit?  And he wants us to
             give that up?  For what?
             A chump-change bust so he can get
             his picture in The Miami Herald to
             impress the slug farm in DC...


                  
             Control your men.


             I'm my own man.  And anytime you	
             want to see how much man I am?


                  
             That's.  It.

   Everybody shuts up.

                        CASTILLO 
                  
             Where are you on this?

   We know Tubbs has doubts about Crockett's motives and
   methods, nevertheless...


             With Sonny.  110%.


             Then that's it.
                  
             Change the mission statement.
             Crockett stays in.  He keeps
             working up the ladder.  The
             local importers get a pass for the
             time being.


             I don't know.


             Yes you do...


             I got to talk to my ADO...


             No, you don't, Jim.
                  
             'Cause if I close this down, you
             got nothing to make a phone call
             about.  And my guys don't have a
             week for a Feeb bureaucratic
             process.  Every hour longer they're
             in there, they risk exposure.  So,
             right here, right now, they're back
             in or I pull them out and close you
             down.  What's it going to be?

   Fujima nods acquiescence.


             Okay.

   He leaves.  When he's out of earshot...


                  
             You fuckin' better be right...!





   step across to a second ship among the dozens tied-up along
   the river.  Its crimson paint is peeling and it's been
   stripped of everything salvageable.  They're alone.


                  
             What is going on...?!


             As in...?


             There is "undercover."  And there
             is "Which way is up?"


             You think I am in so deep I forgot?


             I am asking.  You to me.


             Do you believe...I have forgotten I
             am a cop?


             I would never doubt you.

   This is the answer Crockett needed to hear.

                        TUBBS 
             And do you doubt I will slot anyone
             complicit in the death of Maria,
             Alonzo and those children?
             Anyone...whoever they are...


             No, I do not.

   And we know that might mean Isabella.




   We are on a peninsula with palm trees.  A bluff dotted with a
   small forest of satellite dishes.  A ribbon of white-sand and
   beyond that is silver light off the water.  It is rural and
   futuristic at the same time.


             ...90- and 120-day futures with
             shorted Canadian and US dollars...






   in pajama top and boxer shorts, smoking a cigar.  In a
   sweatsuit is Isabella, delivering a financial report.  It's
   from memory.  Nothing is written down, in the tradition of
   the elite section of Swiss private banking in which clerks
   commit portfolios to memory.  There are no documents.


             ...and we're looking at Nigerian
             crude...


             Precursor shipments from Ras Tanura
             and Ju'aymah?


             Transshipped to a Malaysian
             container ship.


             Not French registry?


             They've been targeted.  And
             Pakistani registry is too
             vulnerable to search and seizure
             right now.


             José doesn't like the deal in South
             Florida...

   Montoya's referring to Crockett.  Alarm bells go off.


                  
             Burnett?
                  
             They want 22% of the value on loads
             they run into South Florida.  It's
             the Juarez cartel model.
             They guarantee the loads.  The
             upside is our risk goes to zero.
             That frees-up capital.


             But what does your intuition tell
             you...?

   Is he suspicious?  Does he suspect Isabella and Crockett are
   lovers?


             My "intuition"...?  My intuition
             made him breakfast the other
             morning in Havana.

   Her lieson with Crockett is the last thing we expected to
   hear from Isabella.


             And...?


             They're serious.  They're cautious.
             They'll forgo a deal over a
             technicality of how a delivery's
             handled...they'd walk away, rather
             than compromise operational
             security...that's good.

   Montoya's thoughtful.

                        ISABELLA 
             But they have to be watched
             closely...


             Why?


             A good deal, like this with us, for
             Burnett will be good only
             temporarily.  He'll get restless
             because he believes nothing is
             forever.  Life is dust, make it
             while you can.  He's ambitious.

   Montoya appreciates her thoughtfulness.

                        ISABELLA 
             So I predict a few good runs.  Then
             there'll be a renegotiation.


             That's my girl...

   Montoya uses Isabella and her sexual allure to gather insight
   into the people he does business with.  That's part of their
   deal.

                        MONTOYA 
             On the next load, José wants to
             front them silver.  But they them in
             lead...
                  
             He thinks they are wrong.  What do
             you think?


                  
             I think José suspects anybody he
             doesn't intimidate.  And people,
             who are good at what they do?  They
             have egos, too...


                  
             What would you do...?


                  
             I like the diminished risk.  It
             frees up capital reserves.  I like
             working with self-interested
             businessmen who are competent.  You
             can predict their behavior....

   Montoya looks at her very carefully.  She stares right back
   at him.

                        ISABELLA 
             On the other hand...if what you
             wish, mi corazon, is la
             plumba...the lead?  Then let's do
             that.  Accept their deal.  After
             the load is received...we will
             close their eyes forever...

   She looks at Montoya squarely.  It hangs in the air.  In his
   strange process of decision-making, Montoya reaches a
   conclusion...


              Let's try a few runs with these
              partners, I think.  I will tell
              José...

   If Isabella is pleased, she doesn't show it.  Montoya
   continues to stare at her unwavering expression, frozen in
   stone.  He smiles, then, and starts to take off her clothes.

   He reaches for her hand and brings her to him.  She kisses
   him and he puts aside his cigar, pulls her face into his
   neck, and she runs her hands down him...





   lands.  The door opens.  Isabella emerges.  CLOSER...she
   searches, looking for someone as she descends the ramp.
   Then...



   emerges from behind an SUV.  He came to meet her plane.



   expression changes, but she masks it.

   Businesslike, she walks across the tarmac.  There are two
   Suburbans.  One for her; one full of security.  Crockett and
   her meet.  No show of affection.  Her Secretary, carrying her
   briefcase, accompanies her towards the second Suburban.



   opens.  Crockett and Isabella climb in.  The rear is
   customized cream leather, luxurious with three telephones and
   a divider.  As Isabella climbs in, followed by Crockett, she
   takes the briefcase from the Secretary and indicates he ride
   in the front vehicle.  Doors close.  Windows go up.  Air
   conditioning comes on.  She raises the divider, blocking the
   driver and locks the doors.  They are sealed in the back.
   Alone.  And she assaults Crockett with a passion that's
   desperate...as if making love to him puts her world back in
   balance.  Their clothes come off, Crockett pauses...


             Hola, chica.


             Hola, viejo.

   He touches the side of her face.


             Don't stop, bad man...

   As they continue, we...





   at the bar.  It's jammed.  "Cochi Loco" Yero and his
   permanent bodyguard, El Tiburon, pass, smile.  Tubbs
   introduces Yero to Gina, as his wife.

   Yero shakes Gina's hand.  He indicates to the bartender that
   Tubbs and Gina are to pay for nothing...and he moves towards
   an office.  Cobalt blue light illuminates his face, and his
   fierce yellow eyes are not filled with hospitality.






   deplaning his G-4 crosses to his armored Suburban.



   climbs into the back.  It's also a traveling communications
   center, satellite uplink, encryption, the works...


                  
             Do you have him?

   Assistant nods.  Montoya takes the heavy handset...

                        MONTOYA 
             José, about the Americans...







                  
             They are "wrong."  I do not trust
             them.


                  
             Why?


                  
             Too good at what they do, I don't
             know.  Something I don't like.
             They are wrong...

   Montoya thinks.


                  
             Isabella likes them.  We made their
             deal.

   Montoya hangs up.  José Yero looks at the phone.





   enter.  They join Tubbs and Gina.



   sees Crockett's carriage with this woman.  It's different.
   Intuitively, she exchanges a look with Tubbs.  Crockett makes
   introductions.  Then, they move away to dance to a fast samba
   in perfect synchronicity.  And, they're also SEEN by...



   He watches them, too.  His yellow eyes are lit by strobes.
   His eyes locked onto Isabella...dancing with Crockett, their
   bodies close...

   And in the way he looks at them, hurt, like a betrayed lover,
   which he isn't and never could have been...we know now, the
   core of his antagonism.





   It's a 30 year old, well-maintained carribean freighter with
   a steel table and u-shaped bench.  In the dark interior,
   narrow spots reveal the group hovering over a ruggedized
   Workpad with navigational software.


             Transshipment point is here at
             17:00 hours on the 23rd.


             Uh-uh.  No predetermined places and
             times to meet.  Give me their
             heading and radio codes and I will
             talk to them directly with the
             longs and lats and time which will
             be a last minute deal...


             You give yours to me.  We position
             all the assets hauling our loads...


             Now how we do it, blood.  It risks
             signal interception and other bad
             things like people who don't need
             to know where we're at knowing.

   Tubbs hands José Yero's assistant, El Tiburon, a pager.


             At ten to three on the 27th, I will
             satellite page him with a website
             and encryption code.  He will have
             ten minutes to log on and receive
             his new heading.  Ten minutes and
             thirty seconds, website disappears
             and he can drive his fucking boat
             up to Iceland...

   José Yero doesn't like it.


             Malaysian registry.  Small
             containership.
                  
             Give them their codes and heading.

   Everything Yero tells them feels to him like exposure.


             Packaging?


             Fifty-gallon drums.  Thirty-two.  A
             hundred kilos in each.  You
             transship that to the Malaysian
             boat.


             Importation value?  At twenty-two
             thousand a ki...


             You work that out with La Senora.
                  
             You will get sixteen fuel bladders
             of crystal meth precursors from the
             Malaysian ship.  For collection in
             North Miami.  You warehouse it.
             Release it when we say.
                  
             I'm sure you have friends with fast
             boats...


             If you see a few new faces, don't
             get jumpy...


             And José, my ace, lots of
             transshipment.  Lots of action.
             Skies are crowded.  And the JIT has
             assets on land, air, and sea.
                  
             So any intel you got that can come
             our way and contribute to the good
             and welfare...?

   José Yero's on the spot.


             Sure.  Check your e-mail.

   Yero gets up and leaves the confined dining room.  He exits
   onto the walkway outside the bridge.  His path takes him
   past...



   with Switek and Zito.  Trudy's in a tank top.  José looks at
   Trudy appreciatively...



   returns the look with a stare that says, "Don't fuck with
   me".  José raises his eyebrow and after noting the two
   handguns holstered in the waistband of her hiphuggers...





   walk.  Cochi Loco's security leads and tails behind as...


                  
             You know what Escobar used to do?


             What?


                  
             In the '80's, air routes came into
             favor.  It required many pilots.
             The best were American.  Former
             crop-dusters.  They didn't fly by
             the book.  Tell one:  "Put that 747
             down on this fifteen-hundred-foot
             runway."  Somehow, he'd do it.
             Great pilots.  But Pablo had a
             rule.  After they flew six
             loads...this good pilot who
             facilitates so much good
             business... he would come back to
             Medellín or Barranquilla to pick up
             the next load?
                  
             And no one would ever see him
             again.  He'd disappear.
                  
             "You a good pilot?
             Make a lot of money for Pablo?
             Thank you very much."  And then
             Pablo would kill his ass.  After
             six loads.
                  
             And who was Pablo Escobar?  A
             provincial who got busted-out by
             the white collars from Cali.  When
             the gringos got him, he was nobody.
             We're three times better than Pablo
             Escobar.
                  
             The means we kill these
             sonsabitches three times sooner.
                  
             And do you know why Pablo Escobar
             did that?


             Why?


             He didn't like pilots.



   enter from the cargo shed onto a roadway just as...



   passes by, driven by Switek.  They're en route to pick up
   Tubbs.


             And put eyes on her.  Put eyes on
             her twenty-four hours a day...






   Isabella hands out banana leaves wrapped and tied around
   cooked rice and barbecued pork.  Gina and Tubbs walk away
   down the beach towards phosphorescent waves.


             I forgot the napkins.


             And the chopsticks and fortune
             cookies?


             What's the best fortune you ever
             got?


             They're all the same.  "Financial
             security is around the corner."
             "Your friends love you."


             In Kowloon, once, I got one that
             said, "Live now because life is
             dust."

   Crockett and Isabella wander down the beach, hard from the
   ebb tide.


             Do you have assets somewhere else?
             Bank accounts?


             Why?


             ...to fall back on.  You know, a
             fail-safe.  Insurance.


             Do I need it?


                  
             Everybody needs it.  Ask
             Prudential.  Or Allstate.


                  
             'Cause whatever can go wrong,
             will...?

   The Perseids make the night sky over the water look like the
   Fourth of July.


             Something like that.  The odds
             catch up with you.  The odds are
             like gravity.  You can't negotiate
             with them.
                  
             So...at some point, you should cash
             out, take your money and run...


                  
             Really?


             Sure.  As far away and as fast as
             you can.


             When?


             Whenever.  Maybe later, maybe
             sooner.

   What is Sonny Crockett trying to say to her?


             Would you find me...?


             Of course.


             Where would I go?


             Zanzibar.  The Comoros Islands.
             Somewhere in the Indian Ocean.
             There's twelve-hundred islands
             there...


                  
             Is this the protective male talk?


                  
             This is the talk of a man...if he
             were your husband...he would never
             put you at risk.  He would never
             put you within a thousand miles of
             anything that could hurt you.


             And if I were in the Comoros, in
             the Indian Ocean, where would you
             be...?


             A few more moments, still in this
             business.  Then I'd find you.


             Would you?  Because if you
             couldn't, I would be very lonely...
             I would have left the only world I
             know and have known since I was
             seventeen.
                  
             But none of this will happen.  So
             it doesn't matter.  Because we are
             on the Guajira Peninsula.  And all
             you see around you...look around...
             is Archangel de Jesus Montoya-
             Londono.  He is my man.  And you are
             a smuggler moving a load...

   Her eyes say that she listened to his warnings and will
   disregard them.  Life is dust.  Meaning is in the moment, and
   that's right now.

   The intensity is because it's impossible.  Because it's
   impossible, they've been free to imagine.  And that's made
   the heat of it stronger...


             ...in the morning.


             I'll be on board by noon.

   Crockett didn't expect that.

                        ISABELLA 
             What did you think?  This deal with
             you is my deal.  I am responsible.

   She vouched for him.  She has to stand behind it.  He puts
   his arm around her waist.






   The Freighter is anchored a half mile offshore.

   Magenta breaks the horizon.  Trudy looks at Crockett, looks
   away...


             Go ahead.


             Too fast.  Too many moving parts.


             Switek?

   Zito joins them.


             Same.  But it's your call, boss.

   Tubbs joins them.


             What's your take?


             What's the point?  It's going down.


             Call the US Coast Guard:  "Come and
             arrest our ass."
                  
             And Switek resumes romancing Miss
             Ukraine...

   Crockett looks at Trudy.  There's a connection between
   Crockett and Trudy.  It's filial.  Crockett has a special
   regard for her judgment.


             If we were for real, and knew our
             shit, we'd fade this one...


             Then you should.


                  
             If you're down, we're down for the
             play.





   drives up.  Parks.  She approaches along the sidewalk, down
   the walkway under the banana trees and birds of paradise.

   Motion sensors trigger exterior lights.  Gina cocks her ear,
   waiting to hear...  Then, offscreen, Tommy the dog barks.
   Reassured, her left hand on her .380, she reaches for her
   keys, opens the door...



   A finger pushed the stop button.  The dog stops barking.



   enters.



   a leather sap arcs through the air and descends onto her left
   shoulder, paralyzing her arm.  Other arms grab her, push her
   head down.  The same sap backhands with massive force across
   the back of her neck...





   slowly comes to consciousness.  She looks around,
   disoriented.  Her eyes roll back in her head and she slips
   into dreamland for a moment.  She rouses and opens her eyes
   again, blinks, disoriented...




   stares at her from the back corner of the double-wide
   trailer.  With her is an overweight autistic Boy of about 11.
   He plays in the corner and watches a small TV with a coat
   hanger for an antenna.  The Old Woman pays Gina no attention
   On her face is zero affect.  There are other sounds in the
   room.



   and we see she is tied to a chair that is bolted to the floor.
   Her clothes are disheveled and ripped.  She tries to focus.
   Then somebody's thick arms are fitting something around her
   neck.  A blindfold goes over her eyes.  Around her neck is a
   C-4 "necklace" like the one we saw on Stevens' wife in the
   beginning of the film.  The arms and back belong to the deep-
   chested Aryan Brother we saw from the Stevens' house and
   Coleman's double-wide.  MOVE IN ON GINA.  He reaches below
   the frame and does something.  Gina writhes away from him in
   the chair.  He laughs.  He backs away from her to
   camera...and holds something in his hand.



   He takes a digital picture.





   A tall wall of planting hides the $150,000 house from the
   road.  Neighbors are double-wide trailers.  The house has
   some sophisticated radio antennas as well as a twelve-foot
   satellite dish.  On the driveway are two Escalades and a
   Bentley.  Out the back, off the dock is a two-million dollar
   sports/fishing boat.  Someone's entering numbers on a cell
   phone.



   waits.  The guy working the cell phone is the buzz-cut Aryan
   Brother we saw in the Stevens kitchen in the opening.
   Coleman's shirt open in the Barcalounger watching ESPN.  His
   watch is loaded with ice, and a four-carat diamond in his
   ear.  He is all white bling.  Coleman's tattooed up.  Not
   with "cool" Celtic symbols...his tats are neo-Nazi, white
   supremacist, hard-core prison stuff.



   in the hands of the deep-chested Aryan Brother.  Three girls
   in cutoffs and halters are making sandwiches and laughing in
   the b.g..  Then:


             El Tiburon.

   Coleman takes the satellite phone, attached to a laptop.  He
   enters a number.  A frequency-response graphic displays in
   the computer.  His conversation with El Tiburon is encrypted
   so the voices are distorted...


             So...?


                  
             Meth precursors and the Dutch party
             favors are en route.


                  
             All I want to know is the where and
             the when.  Spare me mini moves,
             progress reports and bullshit.


                  
             Okay.  You got the "item"?


             I got the item.


                  
             And our friend don't like the rest
             of the people bringin' the merch to
             you.


                   
             How many?


                  
             Two main players plus three.


                  
             My end?


                  
             25% discount on the load.


                  
             Make it 40%.


                  
             Make it 35.


             Deal.

   Coleman hangs up.



   In calm seas they're tied up to a Malaysian small container
   ship.  On it, Yemenese with AK-47s maintain a watchful eye.
   From Crockett's POV as...



   with an assortment of CAR-15s, Galils and two RPGs mount a
   similar guard.



   swung by the Honduran freighter's crane cross 10' of open
   water onto freighter's deck to join 18 others already there.
   It's the last of the transfer.




                  
             Me-a salama.  Ila l-liqa.




             Yeah.  Whatever...
                  



   separate.



   watches crew stow the cargo.  Then, his satellite phone
   blinks red light.  Crockett boots up the computer to
   encryption.  Picks up the phone.


             Yeah?


                  
             Hey, Captain Kirk.  I think maybe I
             have second thoughts.

   Tubbs enters.


                  
             You got something to say, José,
             let's hear it.


             I confess I have succumbed to my
             weaknesses.  An inability to see
             another's point of view.
                  
             I've discussed it with
             professionals.  Even with one of
             your friends.  She's here now...

   Crockett puts him on speaker.

                        JOSÉ YERO 
                  
             So I want you to deliver my
             product, how I want my product
             delivered.

   Isabella walks in.  Crockett gestures for her to be quiet.


             What friend?


             Mrs. Rico.  But don't worry.  She
             is safe.  To insure that, I am
             keeping her close to me.  It's
             always good to keep people your
             friends care about close to you.

   Tubbs reaches for the phone.  Trudy intercepts him.

   Crockett turns it away and goes off the speaker...

                        JOSÉ YERO 
             So, I will tell you when you're 10
             minutes out where to drop the load
             into the hands of my people.  You
             have 35 minutes to enter Government
             Channel.  Head up the River...  We
             will watch you.  Then I will call
             you.
                  
             And you can reach out for La Senora
             in Barranquilla or wherever 'cause
             I don't give a shit...

   José Yero does NOT know Isabella's on board.


             Proof of life.  How do I know Mrs.
             Rico's alive?


             'Cause she will tell you.

   He hangs up.


             That sonofabitch!


                  
             You set this up!


                  
             Of course!  That is why I placed
             myself here, with you, knowing Yero
             would pull this crap.


             Yero doesn't know she's here!

   Crockett looks at Isabella, who's distracted in calculating
   what's really happening.


                  
             Cigarette and the two Starkeys are
             coming in.
                  
             What...?


             They grabbed Gina...

   Isabella punches numbers into a satellite phone.  No results.


             It's all bullshit.  Jesus is out of
             communication in Fals de Iguazu.
             José knows that...  Whatever he's
             going to do, he has to do it fast
             because he's acting on his own.
             And he will need a story.


             Meaning...?


             They will kill you.  And then they
             will kill your wife, too.


             Yero, by himself?


             Maybe.  Maybe with the crazy
             whites.

   Zito enters, makes the situation...


             We're half loaded...


             Gina.  Like Alonzo's wife...  Cochi
             Loco's got her.


             Dump the rest.  Let's get the boats
             up that river.

   Crockett picks up the phone and dials.  His eyes contact with
   Tubbs has Tubbs take Isabella out of the Captain's Bridge.
   She pulls her arm away.  As they head down from the
   bridge...we see...



   lines run from the freighter to two go-fast boats.  The fuel
   bladders with crampons slide down the rope into the smaller
   "cigarette" boats..."dope-on-a-rope."



   loaded, takes off into the night, no lights.  A second one
   pulls away as the third boat's being loaded; Switek and Zito
   climb into a cigarette.  Meanwhile...



   on the satellite phone.  He waits.


                  
             Yeah?


             José Yero changed-up the drop plan
             on us.  He's grabbed Gina.


             Where's the new drop point...?


             They'll have surveillance on us.
             We'll know only at the last
             moment...


             What do you think?


             It's a rip and a hit.


                  
             Get me Air Support...
                  
             We'll be airborne and assault the
             ambush...


             You can't.


             They'll kill Gina.


             They may have already, so we
             protect the living.  Proof she's
             alive?


             Supposedly it's coming.



   rip from one swell to another, airborne, in between their
   load.  Trudy's on the comms.  Switek drives with night-vision
   gear.



   Crockett drives.  Tubbs is on the throttles.  Isabella's
   between them.  Then, Tubbs is sent a page.  Reads the number.
   Picks up the satellite phone.  Crockett takes control of the
   throttles, too.


                  
             Hello...?

   And Tubbs hears..."And weather on the southeast throughout
   today and looking into the weekend is broken clouds, humidity
   78%, small chance of rain.  And coming up in four minutes at
   5:45 is Lou Dobbs with Friday's market previews..."


             Welcome, folks.  Today's Friday,
             the three-hundredth-and-fourteenth
             day of the year...


             They're proving it's right now.
             And that she's alive right now...


             ...nice friends you got.  Trailer
             trash with a bad smell...



   The phone is ripped away from her.  It's disconnected.





   He puts it together...


             Smell.  Bad smell.  Trailer...
                  
             She's allergic to diethylene...she
             in a meth lab?

   Crockett takes the phone, dials Castillo.


             Just came in.  She's still alive.


             Safe house is empty...
                  
             Air Support's set to jump when we
             know your drop point.  Gina?


                  
             She's sending a message.  Meth Lab.
             Trailer park.  Anything with
             interesting antenna arrays...?


             There's three between Miami
             International and the glades.  I'm
             gonna try for her, but this is
             triage.  Protect the maximum number
             of lives.  You need to know that...

   Crockett knows the Sophie's choice Castillo may have to make.
   And it may cost Gina.  Crockett glances at Tubbs.  Crockett
   pushes the throttles forward...




   jam over the swells into Government Channel, NOT SLOWING this
   time, even though the limit is 15 knots.  Barely missing
   sport fishing boats, slower recreational craft.





   over his FLIR monitor scanning trailer parks.  Nothing.  Then
   he notes a double-wide with two satellite dishes.


                  
             Three possibles...





   on with Castillo.


             ...eliminated one.  SWAT's on the
             next two...


             Trudy and I are goin' for Gina...



   slams the Scarab sideways, spewing a huge wake, driving it
   through a circle to slough off speed as he pulls into a dock.
   Crockett's Stryker does the same.  Tubbs transfers into this
   boat with Trudy and Zito.  Switek gets into the Stryker with
   Crockett and Isabella.  As they speed up Government Channel.






             If they attack you...


                  
             ...it's gonna be an L-shaped
             ambush.  They're not gonna open up
             until they got the party favors,
             'cause all they'd get is a lot of
             police scrambling to a gunfight.
             They will wait till they got the
             goods before they do the deed.

























                  
             Do you have her?!

   Trudy DOESN'T answer.  She's totally focused on a clamshell
   video screen connected to a fiber optic...  FOLLOW THE FIBER
   OPTIC...as a SWAT technician feeds it into...





   Where it meets the wall, a tiny hole has been drilled and we
   see the 4mm diameter lens connected to the flexible fiber
   optic poke through.  The camera's on the floor where it meets
   the wall.



   And Trudy and we SEE in fish-eye a long-haired Nazi Low-Rider
   and the bulked-out Brother with the Hefty garbage-bag apron.
   Deeper in the trailer, her clothes torn, blindfolded, is Gina
   with the C-4 necklace.  Beyond her, the woman in the house
   dress and her large, retarded son.


                  
             Have eyes on her.  She's alive.
             Moving in...



   reacts to knock on the door.


             Asian Star...


             You order Chinese?


                  
             No, but I'm starving...

   Laughs, reaches for the door...


             Don't...

   Too late.  Door's opened.



   holding the bag of Chinese for the Long-Haired NLR.  He
   reaches and...



   rips Long-Hair through the door, down the stairs, where two
   SWAT slam him into the ground.  He struggles.  A baton slams
   twice across the back of his neck.  He's out.  Handcuffed,
   and Tubbs and Trudy are in the interior...






   Bulked-out Aryan has a handgun in one hand, detonator in the
   other.  Eyes wide.  Standoff.  The Old Woman in house dress
   is SCREAMING...  Her retarded Son sees Tubbs/Gina as a threat
   to his mother...grabs butcher knife...rushes forward
   during...




   FROZEN.  Aryan doesn't move.  The FARQ-like necklace of C-4
   around Gina's neck.



   struggles against plastic ties, to hear, to see, as...



   shouts, surges past bulky Aryan, heading for Tubbs...



   prepares for the autistic son, not seeing behind him...



   rising from a bare mattress with an aluminum baseball bat,
   coming up behind Tubbs.



   slips the Autistic Son, rotating his right arm around the
   kid's right arm, getting slashed on the back of his forearm,
   but grabbing the Son's wrist as the momentum propels him past
   Tubbs, who torques the wrist back.  Screaming, Son's ruined
   wrist, Tubbs took the knife, and as the Aryan Brother swings
   the bat...



   ducks the bat.  It dents the faux-wood paneling.  Tubbs slams
   the knife twice into the man's slide, doubling him up, leaving
   the AB Brother to crawl, bleeding, with a 10-inch butcher
   knife through his kidney into his right lung...  AND Tubbs'
   gun in his left hand has never moved off-target of the Aryan
   brother with the detonator in his hand the whole time until
   right now:  he snaps a ROUND into the wounded Aryan Brother's
   head.  And, that fast, Tubbs' gun is back on target.



   A nihilistic smile dawns there.


             Shoot me, she dies.  Hey, fuck it,
             man.  We can all go.


                  
             That's not what will happen.
                  
             What will happen is...
                  (as she's aiming her Car-
                   15 and slowly taking up
                   the slack on the
                   trigger...)
             ...what will happen is, I will put
             a round precisely through the
             medula at the base of your brain,
             at an entry-point mid-distance
             between your upper lip and the
             bottom of your nose, and you will
             be dead from the neck down.  Your 
             finger won't be able to twitch.  Do
             you believe that?


             Fuck...

   BLAM.  That's all he gets out.  Trudy does exactly that.
   Aryan Brother falls like a felled tree.  Tubbs retrieves the
   detonator.  Trudy unties Gina.  Carefully, Tubbs pulls the
   sensitive remote detonator from his hands.



   puts his coat over Gina.  As she half leaves, turns to the
   fallen AB...


             Motherfucker!

   She kicks him in the head.  Tubbs grabs her to pull her off.


             He's dead!


                  
             ...got Gina.  She's okay.





   hears.


                  
             Go!



   with a .50 caliber Burrows is hit about 15 times from MPD
   SWAT firing from across the bridge on a down angle towards
   him.  MPD helicopters suddenly LIGHT up the sky.





   observing from a block south on the bridge sees the police
   assault, raises night-vision binoculars.



   behind structures on the jetty.  Crockett fires with the MPD




   pushes "send" on his satellite phone...






   The technicians are eating in the next room.  We hear the
   recording...


                  
             Isabella.  The gringos are police.
             She's their informant...!






             Go!



   pulls out, racing to get away from the firefight.  But
   BRIGHT LIGHT freezes it...heavy rounds slam into the engine,
   crack the block, stream sprays, it seizes up.  Suburban
   crashes into a car at the curb.  Yero bails out.



   half out of his seat, a Galil in full auto on his shoulder,
   hovering above Yero and the Suburban.


                  
             Freeze!  You're under arrest.  Down
             on your knees.  Put your hands on
             your head...



   does none of that.  Enraged, he pulls up a 9mm H+K SMG to
   fire up at the helicopter



   aiming down at CAM.  The assault rifle unloads in three-shot
   bursts.



   The pavement, the car and Yero are cratered by the 7.62mm
   rounds.  Yero goes down.  Dead.



   lands.  Tubbs bails, grabbing his duffle bag and the rifle and
   turns down the street towards the firefight and Crockett...





   holding Isabella down, FIRES past a Toyota.  It's turned into
   a sieve.  He tells Isabella to stay behind the engine block.
   Then he ASSAULTS the ambush.



   is shot in the calf, spins, goes down, gets up, limps to
   cover, keeps firing.



   ...taking and returning FIRE from Crockett and Zito and from
   his left flank from the SWAT team on the bridge...knows every
   moment more he's here, more MPD assets are coming in.  He
   wants to finish it faster.



   bails off the freighter onto the dock.  DARK-HAIRED ARYAN
   BROTHER with a full auto AK is with him.  They move from
   cover to cover, their heavy Kevlar body armor absorbing
   rounds.  And they attack Crockett and Zito, who are
   outgunned.



   run for cover, fire three-shot bursts, run and cover.  But...



   runs from cover into the clear with her handgun firing at the
   crazy whites, furious at the betrayal by Yero.  She's shouting
   in Spanish.  It's insane.



   sees Isabella, moves.



   sees Isabella, swings his assault rifle onto her as...


             Isabella!!



   and sees Coleman because he's turned he's exposed his legs
   and Crockett slows and blows Coleman's legs out from under
   him.  Coleman's on the ground, scrambling for his rifle to
   kill Isabella.  Dark-Haired NLR is pulling the trigger on
   Crockett when BOOM...



   fires the M40 grenade launcher loaded with shot.  Dark-Haired
   NLR is nearly cut in half.



   FIRE at the prone Coleman.  Coleman's dead.



   continues as other NLR battle Miami SWAT.  Meanwhile...



   goes to Isabella, pulls her into the shadows away from
   dockside, keeping her low, seemingly away from the police.
   OK, how will they get out of here?



   approaches from the left.  Tubbs and Crockett's eyes connect.



   sees his partner with this woman.  The frozen moment.
   Isabella doesn't understand the changed expression on Tubbs'
   face.  We do.



   50 yards away.  All meaning is transmitted.  And Tubbs
   nods...and the nod means:  "get her out of here..."

   As Tubbs speaks into his radio, his right arm belted where it
   was slashed, heading towards the diminished firefight, now
   under MPD control, as...



   through the weeds and scrap, away from the firefight, away
   from the freighters, AWAY FROM THE POLICE.  Beyond them, we
   hear the gunfight diminishing.





   enter from the rubble-filled industrial lot.  Cars have
   stopped, their occupants seeking cover behind them.  Crockett
   hesitates not at all.  He grabs a late '80's Mercedes left
   with its door open.  Its owner, a middle-aged man at the
   curb, starts to object.  Crockett raises his gun.  Owner
   demurs.  Crockett steals away in it down the street into the
   night, its lights off.





   breathing.  She's hyperventilating.  He steadies her.  Then,
   Crockett sees something and she does, too.



   appears around the corner.  Rearview mirror:  flashing lights
   on his tail.  Nowhere to go.  Crockett stops.



   thinks this is it.  She's dead.  SWAT, shotguns and assault
   rifles, approach.




             Touch the windshield with your
             hands.  Let 'em see your hands are
             empty.  Steady.


                  
             Don't move!  Don't move!  Keep your
             hands where I can see them...

   They do.  Then the SWAT Sergeant stops...

                        SWAT SERGEANT 
             ...Sonny?


             Yeah.  Hey, Robert.

   The police relax, turn away.


             Are you okay?!


             Yeah.  Going to Miami General.
             Check out Gina.  Everybody's okay.
             Everybody's fine...

   Crockett nods and drives through the roadblock.  He drives
   away into the night.





   does not look at Isabella.  He shoots up the on-ramp onto
   I-95.  His eyes at the moment are world-weary and street-
   wise.  It's all out.  All is in the open.  Finally, he looks
   over his right shoulder at her.



   stares at him.  Incredulous.  For the first time she realizes
   he's the police and has been undercover.  And now she hits
   him...



   swerves across three lanes, up on two wheels, almost rolls,
   cuts off a semi, which barely recovers, and spins out onto
   the shoulder, off the shoulder, down into the gravel.  It
   comes to a stop and...



   tries to bring her .380 around.  Crockett overpowers her.
   Takes the gun.  She slams him in the face with a closed fist.
   He grabs her wrists, spins her around, pushes her at the
   door, handcuffs her behind her back.



   He floors the Mercedes.  It spins through 270 degrees,
   scattering gravel and dust, and pulls back onto the freeway,
   driving out of the city, away from Miami, out, into the
   night.





   She won't look at him.  She won't reply.  She's frozen,
   immobile, withdrawn deep, darkly into herself.


             Isabella...?

   No reply.  Isabella wonders where he's taking her, what will
   happen to her, but she won't ask.





   Nothing.  The cypress are silhouettes against a lighter mauve
   sky.  Engine sound.  Then, the Mercedes enters and speeds
   down the empty two-lane blacktop.  And at the end, the trees
   open up and there's the open ocean and, beyond that, the
   Florida Keys.  We see a house.





   Door opens.  Crockett leads Isabella in.  He uncuffs her.
   She rips away from his hand holding her arm.  She walks to
   the other end of the large room with the picture windows
   overlooking the water and the jetty and a boat tied up there.
   Low furniture.  Sparse, it was built in the '60's.  She walks
   to a restroom, slams the door.  Offscreen, a faucet runs.

   Suddenly, the door opens.  She comes out, glaring, shouting.


             What are you going to do with me?
             Are you taking me to jail?  You
             think I will turn into your
             informant, is that it?


             No.






   in stencilled body armor storm in through doors and windows.
   It is a police action, an assault.



   It's as if no one had ever lived there.  A few papers flutter
   in the breeze from the light wind entering through the open
   doorways.  White papers against white marble against white
   walls.  A profound statement of nobody is home.  Wherever
   Montoya is, he is not here.





   staring out the window at the narrow jetty.  Isabella sits,
   distantly, alone at the end.



   Crockett joins her.  She's withdrawn into herself.


             No part of it wasn't real.


             I know.
                  
             And now?


             It still is.  I'm so in this, I
             don't know which way is up... All I
             know is I won't let anything bad
             happen to you.
                  
             Just like I said.
                  
             And I know we can't ever see each
             other again.  And we never will.

   Isabella sits there for a moment.  She glances at him, looks
   away.  Then...


             You said time is luck...

   Meaning, who can tell?  There may be a time for them
   somewhere else.


             Luck ran out.
                  
             This was too good to last.

   He touches her hand.  And she leans all her weight against
   his arm.





   asleep.  The moonlight is silver tinged with green.  Someone
   else had been in the bed with him, but he is there alone,
   now.  Crockett wakes up.  He looks around.  She was there and
   now she's gone.

   He gets out of the bed and looks out to the ocean and the
   jetty.  The boat's gone.  She's gone.  Sonny Crockett looks
   out the window.







