



if 
top.location.href=location.href








            A violent electrical storm.  Veins of light pulse outward, branching
            off into a spidery network of 



            We are inside a human brain.  A pack of neurons FIRE OFF to the left,
            and rocket their way across synapses to the optic nerve.  Passing the
            eye socket, they speed toward a silky, curvilinear membrane (the
            retina) on which we see an image projected:



            Neurons PING into the membrane: the picture suddenly FLIPS RIGHT SIDE
            UP and we follow the light, flashing in a blur through the iris and
            cornea until, exiting the eye we reverse POV and





            Deep deep blue.  Radiating more intelligence than wisdom.  Inside
            each pupil is the reflection of a COMPUTER SCREEN.  A deferential
            VOICE sounds from off camera.


                      Professor Pentcho?



            Twenty-nine, athletic, owlishly handsome.  


                      Multi-tasking again?

            Pentcho raises his blue eyes from the computer screen and up at
            ARLETTE , his mannish Swiss assistant.  


                      We can start the descent now.  





            as Pentcho and Arlette stride through the facility.  They pass a
            group of green-tagged VISITORS and their Swiss-accented GUIDE.


                      Two hundred feet below us is the world's
                      largest particle accelerator...

            His VOICE continues on overlap as they reach a hallway.


                      27 kilometers in circumference, the beam
                      pipe actually runs beneath the borders of
                      Switzerland and France...


                      Did you get that data off to Braverman at
                      Cal Tech?

            They are facing the CAPSULE/ELEVATOR that leads to the tunnel.


                      Done.

            Next to the elevator, two plants are dying in their pots, their
            growing lamps off.  Pentcho looks around, finds the plug, pushes it
            into the socket.  The lights glow.  He peers at a leaf: a tiny bug
            crawls across...


                      ...at the moment of impact the electrons
                      inside the pipe are travelling six hundred
                      sixty six million miles per --  


                      We need to progress.

            He breaks out of it, swipes his I.D. card.  The capsule doors WHOOSH
            open.  Pentcho nods at the man inside.  This is JACQUE, his accent
            heavily Italian.


                      Hey, it is 3-P-O!  P, P, P!  Professore
                      Paulo Pentcho!


                      That's not an official nickname, Jacque.

            Pentcho looks from Jacque to Arlette, who blushes.  Pentcho sits down
            in the heavily consoled captain's chair.


                      Beh!  Eets just tun-nel humor.   

            The giant lab disappears from sight as they DROP twenty stories below
            the earth. 


                      Did they recalibrate the 3k turn?  

            Jacque nods.  They hit bottom.  Pentcho keys in data on the console
            computer as the capsule moves LATERALLY on a track parallel to the
            beam pipe, stopping in front of the RF CAVITY, bursting with a
            billion dollars worth of nanotechnology.


                      Give me more angle-control on the bounce.


                      Benissimo, Professore.  

            ON PENTCHO: a little bored, manning the console.


                      Fifteen seconds Arlette...



            The camera surges forward into Pentcho's eyes:



            We see an image draw itself on the empty 'page' of the field: 



            accompanied by the following thought text:  
                      "...two spatially separated particles will
                      irresistibly attract..."



            wide-set brown eyes brimming with emotion.  A hint of a SONG playing
            somewhere in the BG.  



            to the previous 'page' where the LOOP has formed into a sheet moving
            through space, followed by the floating thought text: 
                      "...until the force of the collision fuses
                      them into..."


                      Ten, nine, eight...



            the BROWN-EYED WOMAN, her face dreamy, her body naked beneath silk
            sheets.  PULL BACK: she's floating on an enormous Renaissance mural -
            a wedding scene - that is a bedroom floor.  Off in the corner,
            PENTCHO sits hunched over a clunky laptop, his fingers dancing,
            dervish-like, across the keyboard.


                      Four, three, two...


                      Then goodbye...

            CRACK!  Suddenly, the woman drifts away.  Pentcho looks up: THEIR




            Pentcho's FINGER depresses the START button. 



            as we follow the PULSE SIGNAL from the keyboard to the CPU, across
            the LOCAL AREA NETWORK to the MAINFRAME in the RF cavity, sending its
            own signal into the BEAM PIPE, where two soon-to-be accelerated
            ELECTRONS are released,  like horses bolting from the same starting
            gate, but in opposite directions.  THE ROLLER-COASTER RIDE BEGINS. 



            BLASTING through the beam pipe like a COMET, fused inside of a
            looping, twenty seven kilometer single lane race track. WHOOOSH!

            As the electron accelerates, so too does the sound, rushing to GUT
            SPLITTING, EAR WRENCHING DB'S.  Heading around the turn, it barrels
            STRAIGHT INTO THE PATH OF THE SECOND ELECTRON on its own speed-of
            light power surge.

            HERE COMES THE IMPACT POINT... but SCREEEEECH!  

            What disc brakes might sound like, slammed to the floor of a vehicle
            travelling six hundred sixty six million miles per hour.



            its phosphorescent glow trained like a spotlight on:



            the dual computer screens reflecting out of his pupils, again.  A
            VOICE speaks from nowhere, sonorous and packed with reverb:




            The camera SURGES into Pentcho's eyes as the brain field opens to the
            sounds of a nine alarm fire.  DING DING DING DING DING! The thought
            text marches by in giant, attention-getting letters: "ELECTRONS DON'T





            More thought text scrolls by on the field, now in RED LETTERS:
                      "I'm having a psychotic episode."

            The field collapses back into PENTCHO, ashen-faced, watching his
            computer screen, and seeing: the cursor  blinking.


                      Impact!

            Suddenly, we are back inside the pipe, HURTLING toward



            A particle meteor shower of magnificent proportions.  They glow and
            charge off and disappear, as the laws of E=mc2 take visual flight
            inside this billion dollar kaleidoscope.  



            staring out the window, not really seeing the clouds as we SURGE into
            his eyes and CLICK



            stacking up windowlike flashbacks with startling ferocity.  

            The glowing electron - CLICK -  Arlette: "multi-tasking again?" CLICK
            - the capsule doors closing - CLICK - "you're having a psychotic
            episode" - CLICK - the echo of the electron's voice: "WHAT DO YOU




            puts down a drink glass on the tray table of the seat next to him. 
            Places headphones onto his ears.  Fiddles with the music channels:
            country, stand-up, classical... Stays put on a Mozart concerto.  He
            gazes back out at the clouds, fails to notice that



            sliding slowly across the tray table.  It stops near the edge and
            waits, as Pentcho looks up from the window.  As his head drifts back
            toward the clouds outside





            Pentcho's plane touches down.



            On the freeway, heading for Berkeley, in eternal rush hour.  Stop,
            go, sixty miles per hour, then five, then thirty. 
            Pentcho drives, distracted, stares at his own eyes reflected in the
            rear view mirror.  The camera SURGES in: CLICK



            It's Pentcho himself, on the airplane, listening to Mozart.  In the
            foreground, the tray table and glass.  In the BG, his eyes fixed
            aimlessly on the clouds outside.  Suddenly, Pentcho's face 



            One stays focused forward, while the SECOND ONE turns to the side and
            watches in amazement as



            Suddenly a horn BLARES, and CRASH!



            SLAMS into the car in front of him, triggering   



            A three car COLLISION with Pentcho in the middle, an object lesson in
            physics seen from ten different camera angles:



            Bumpers crumple, metal tears, human molecules SNAP forward.  POP POP
            POP!  Like gunfire, bullet AIRBAGS clamp the drivers' heads back
            against their headrests.  



            The field ROCKS SIDEWAYS, in total OVERLOAD, so flooded with messages
            that each one is undecipherable.  



            The three cars form a tangled metal sculpture.  Incredibly, as
            Pentcho himself sees, they are all RED VW BEETLES.  He sits in a
            daze.  A man's voice interrupts, scaling up into a SHOUT.


                      What the hell were you thinking?  What?  I
                      want to know!  WHAT?!!

            This is WILL , a scratch over one eye, peering in at Pentcho,
            still behind the air bag/steering wheel, craning his stiffening neck
            forward and back at the crumpled row of red automobiles.  He blinks,
            then answers in an eerie voice.


                      Probability of this happening, same make,
                      model, color and year is less likely than
                      the proof for the existence of God.  


                          
                      Sorry I asked.  You got insurance?  



            A tow truck backs up to Pentcho's car.  He stands, dazed, off on the
            shoulder, luggage next to him.  His eyes drift toward Will, giving
            instructions into his cell phone.


                      Up the ramp.  Yeah... I'll --  
                      There you are!  See me?  See?  They won't
                      let you in?  Just walk... Here I am.

            He waves at a red Dodge Durango on the street below.  

            PENTCHO stares idly at the Durango as we 



            The picture is blurry but the song clear.  


                      I know this world is kil...ling you...



            on a man and a woman, MAKING LOVE on a big brocade couch.  Their
            bodies rock in unison, faces unseen. 


                      My aim is true-ooooh.  

            The field collapses closed upon:



            A woman from the Durango is approaching, as Will, back on the phone,
            argues with his boss.


                      I'll be there, Trent.  Yes.  20 minutes --

            Click.  Will reddens, sees the sunglassed face of the woman, looking
            past him and over to PENTCHO, signing the tow truck papers.  The
            battered front end of his Beetle CRANKS upward.  


                      Son-of-a-bitch.  As if it was my fault I got
                      rear-ended by...

            The woman stares, curiously, at Pentcho.  


                      ...some schmuck dreaming about God.  Mia? 

            She doesn't hear him.  Takes off her sunglasses, slowly.  Wide-set
            brown eyes.


                      Paul...?

            Finished now with the tow truck driver.  His head turns.  She moves
            closer.  Will's voice protests from the BG.


                      Mia...





            overlapped by another photograph that slowly comes into focus - top
            third, middle third, bottom - like a downloading Internet image from
            his personal files.



            Pentcho's heartbeat pounds LOUDER, drowning out the whisper:


                      Then goodbye...



            They lock into a stare, the molecules around them swirling with
            emotion.  Barely audible:


                      Less likely than the existence of God.

            Mia brushes back a strand of hair.  Bites her lip.


                      I've been dreaming about you.


                      Day or night?

            Pentcho loses himself in her brown eyes.


                      Both.  

            Atoms are vibrating, interchanging by the billions.  Another voice
            gets in the way.


                      Mi.


                      Is that your...


                      No.  Not yet.

            She shifts her weight from one slim leg to the other.


                      Could we go somewhere?


                      I'm heading out of town.


                          
                      Okay.

            Mia does a tiny double-take.  It's very sexy.


                      What?


                      I could go out of town.  

            Mia laughs.  This is so preposterous.


                      Could you?


                          
                      Where to?


                      A place you've never been.  


                      That's the physicist's playground.



            Will SLAMS the Durango door shut and stalks into the store.



            as the Durango motors into the alpine landscape.  Mia turns, looks at
            her former lover.  He stares back, smiles. 


                      Why am I doing this?


                      It's an experiment.

            Mia turns onto a private road.  A MANSION appears in the distance,
            cresting the hill.  

    23a     EXT/INT.  XANADU - NIGHT                               23a

            A massive wooden door.  Mia holds a flashlight, slips an oversized
            key into the lock and turns.  



            An enormous hall.  Scaffolding rises from the stone floor.  Forty
            foot high walls are draped in thick sheets of plastic. 

            They enter like thieves.

    23b     INT.  XANADU - A SHORT TIME LATER                      23b

            Mia stands on top of an eight foot riser.  Pentcho passes up
            harnesses and rope to her outstretched hands.  


                      We flopped the first time out.


                      At the sub-atomic level, particles obey
                      their own logic.  They connect in
                      unimaginable ways.   

            Mia slings the gear over her shoulder.  Looks very much in her
            element.


                      And you think this is relevant to our
                      relationship?  

            Pentcho starts his own climb up the scaffolding.  Reaches the first
            plank.


                      Could be.  


                          
                      What universe are you in, Paul?


                      A quantum one.  

    23c     INT.  A HIGHER SCAFFOLDING - A SHORT TIME LATER        23c

            Pentcho clips a safety line to his belt.  The two of them wear 
            yellow hardhats and climbing harnesses.  They suddenly KICK OFF the
            scaffold and DANGLE twenty five feet above the stone floor.  Hand
            over fist, they start to ascend, hoisting themselves up the tug
            ropes.


                      The shorthand is, when you send electrons
                      through space, it's impossible to say
                      precisely what they are: particles or waves.  

            They spin around slowly like tops as they hoist themselves up.


                      They come into being as one or the other at
                      the moment we observe them.   

            His words echo off the giant walls.  


                      Nothing is real until it's perceived.


                      The Buddhists have been saying that for a
                      millennium.


                      How?

            Mia reaches an electric box, hanging a yard below the ceiling.


                      Baby, reality is what you choose to make it.

            She flips the switch.  A set of lights FLARE ON.  Pentcho swallows a
            breath.  In awe.


                      God.





            Flocks of ANGELS fly above a GODDESS.  Cherubs.  Heralds.  

            Pentcho's face flushes.  He's exhilarated.  She takes note:


                      But only if you live your life that way.  If
                      you experience every moment as discovery.  

            Pentcho's already there.  He kicks his legs out.  Joyrides on the tug
            rope, arcing back and forth like a mad pendulum.


                      Mia!  You're restoring heaven with dabs of
                      paint.  You're bringing new order to the
                      universe.

            She beams from his excitement.


                      I always said we were in the same
                      business... 

            His wayward motion swings him STRAIGHT INTO HER.  They lock arms. 
            The ropes shudder. 


                      If you're right, we have a chance.  To
                      be together.

            Pentcho reaches out to kiss her.  Doesn't see that their collision
            has jogged the clutch on his harness rope.  Now it opens all the way.



            In an instant, he's gripping air, FALLING at the speed of Newton's
            discovery.

            He hurtles downward in slow motion.  There's a SOUND rushing in
            behind him, the RUMBLE OF A MEGA-EARTHQUAKE.  

            Pentcho catches a glimpse up over his shoulder: the angels, the
            goddess, Mia, all of it has been



            as Pentcho's eyes stare for a millisecond at 



            And then he's FALLING again, accelerating toward his own last
            particle collision, when a VOICE murmurs from somewhere.


                      I'm not done.

            THWACK!  The safety line holds, dangling Pentcho a meter above the
            stone floor.

    23d     INT.  XANADU - SOME TIME LATER                         23d

            They camp on old couch cushions, side by side, staring up at the
            illuminated fresco.  Pentcho is bruised, battered, vulnerable.  


                      When I was a kid I used to snap my head back
                      like a gunfighter on the draw, hoping to
                      catch a glimpse behind me.  

            Mia props her head up on one elbow.


                      Of what?




                      God.  I dunno.  The eternal nothingness. 
                      Mia. 

            It's a plea.  She turns, stares directly into his eyes.


                      The universe is snapping my head back.  I'm
                      losing my focus.  

            Mia's face fills with light.  Her best smile.


                      Welcome, Paul.  Welcome.  

            She traces a line from his forehead to the bridge of his nose,
            quoting Yeats  as a celebration:


                      "Things fall apart; the center will not
                      hold.  Mere anarchy is loosed upon the
                      world."

            He pulls her close to him.  They lie, spooned together, breathing in
            unison, gazing up at the painted heaven.  

            A firefly enters from outside, flutters in the air above them,
            blushing a trace line of yellow light.


                      An electron spoke to me yesterday.   I
                      swear.  

            Mia tries to suppress a giggle.  Can't.  


                      What did it want?


                      That's what it asked me.  "What do you
                      want?"  I didn't answer.  I was in the
                      middle of an experiment.


                      Like now?  

            He hesitates, then surrenders to the fact.


                      Yes.  

            The firefly dances above them.  Pentcho sits up . 
            Mock serious:


                      Did you know electrons have lovers?  

            Mia notes his distance.  Faces him, cross-legged.


                      No.  I didn't.   I'm listening.


                      Inside every semi-conductor... you have two
                      particles, with opposite charges, separated
                      by an impassable barrier...

            She looks, sees him disappear into his head.  


                      A strip of silicon, which for you and me
                      would be like...

            The vulnerability is gone.  And Mia, with it.


                      She's in L.A., he's in the Bay area --


                          
                      A five hundred foot thick steel wall.  But
                      the connection between these two electrons
                      is so --


                      Dysfunctional --


                      That they tunnel, magically, through any
                      obstacle, defying the practical laws of
                      physics, in order to end up together --


                      And glow happily ever after.  

            Silence.  The story hangs between them like a fog.


                      Don't science me Paul.   What do you
                      want?

            ON PENTCHO'S FACE: It's blank.   

            MIA looks up at the angels, closes her eyes, TURNS AWAY.





            The Durango pulls up, stops.  Pentcho gets deposited on the curb. 
            Barely closes the door before the car SPEEDS away.  He looks up. 
            Sees the sign on the bus stop bench:
                      "LOVE NEVER FAILS"  Corinthians 13:8



            Storm clouds gather over the ocean.



            A taxi stops in front of a two story cottage, looking abandoned in
            the wet weather.  Pentcho walks out, passing his dented VW BEETLE in
            the driveway.  Ascends a flight of brick steps to the:



            An alternately stark and cluttered space, less lived in than occupied
            by a man on the run between his office and his mind.

            Rivulets of water run from an open window, across a large desk, and
            down onto the wood floor.  Pentcho scans around, unfazed.  Locates a
            towel.  Mops up.  Dries off the computer and keyboard.  Bag still on
            his shoulder, he fires up the machine and logs 



            E-mail.  Lots of it.  Hundreds and hundreds of messages scrolling by
            on the screen.  He turns away, sees his own rain soaked clothes
            forming a puddle on the floor.  LIGHTNING cascades across the sky,
            visible through the large bay window behind the desk.  Pentcho's eyes
            stray back to the screen



            as the thunder follows almost immediately.  CRACK!  He looks up: 
            Veins of light pulse outward, branching into a spidery network



            A voice SOUNDS from somewhere non-local:


                      Paul?  Pauly?

            Pentcho leans toward the glass, looking out as we reverse POV:

            A SINGLE LIGHTNING BOLT descends from the heavens on its own speed-of
            light path straight at...

            WHOMP!  It strikes the BEETLE dead on --  -- scorching
            the roof.  Reverse POV:

            ON PENTCHO - pupils dilated as we surge inward to 





            wild, white Einstein hair.  He CLUTCHES suddenly at his chest, like a
            heart attack victim.  His lips call out, but no voice follows.  He
            fades, ominously, to black at the sound of



            Pentcho blinks once, his face illuminated by a dozen flashes of
            lightning.  He touches his fingers to the glass:



            on the exact same path toward...  KABOOM!  THE RED BEETLE.

            A plume of smoke rises out of the punctured roof.  







            Pentcho sits in his window seat, staring at the open tray table next
            to him.  There's a glass.  It doesn't move.  

    37a     EXT.  STOCK SHOT - LANDING IN LAX                      37a

            The plane touches down.  We see the landmark spider-restaurant.



            Pentcho crosses the lot with the rent-a-car EMPLOYEE.


                      Rented every last ve-hicle.  'Cept one.  


                      I'll take it.

            It's a red 2000 BEETLE.



            The sign says: "Hollywood - North.  Long Beach, San Pedro - South."



            The rain has stopped.  The red bug parks in front of a



            Ditto the neighborhood.  A 7-Eleven sign blinks on the corner.
            Pentcho walks up the cracked sidewalk to a sagging wooden porch.  
            Looks for signs of life.  A light.  Something.  

            He pushes on the front door.  Locked.  Rummages through his key ring
            in the dark.  Slides one into the top lock.  Won't turn.
            Tries another key.  Gets stuck.  He pulls it out.  Presses his face
            close against the window.



            Pentcho turns, his EYES lit by the flashing bubble lights.  





            Crumpled on the floor, hands still clutching his chest.  The screen
            COLLAPSES at the sound of 



            Foreign voices, jabbering at high speed.  Policemen BARK BACK on
            loudspeakers.  Walkie-talkies.  

            Pentcho RAPS ON THE GLASS.  He's frantic.  Harder now.  A THUNK
            sounds from inside.  Or was it?  He picks one last key out in the
            glare of the blue lights.  Jams it in the lock.  Twists and



            bursts into the darkened foyer.  His foot catches on a thick doormat. 
            He SPRAWLS forward as



            He drops, convulsed with fear.  Snaps his head back to see:



            in bathrobe and slippers, hands shaking around a shotgun.


                      Paul... Pauly... 

            Pentcho struggles to breathe.  Staccato:


                      I... I thought you were dead.

            Alexander drops the gun.  In shock, a whisper:


                      I must be.  



            Alexander, recomposed, marches to the burners.  There's anger in his
            every movement.  Restlessness.  This is no feeble old man.  He pours
            tea like he was filling shot glasses.  Doubles.


                      Look at me.  

            Pentcho stirs in a lump of sugar first.  Raises his eyes.  


                          
                      "Alexander the Great."  

            He lifts a kitchen chair, spins it around, straddles the back.  


                      22 I built the first machine to transfer
                      digital bits over a land line.  I wrote the
                      TCP/IP protocol before thirty.  This mind
                      , the one and only, was
                      OBGYN at the birth of the Internet.  And
                      where has it taken me?  

            He shoots upright.  Peers out the row of double sash windows, covered
            by impenetrable iron grates.  


                      To isolation.  To an armed camp.  To a
                      biblical spoof of a crazed father firing a
                      gun at his only son. 


                      You taking any medication?

            Alexander's eyes FLARE in anger.  


                      Don't waste it Pauly.  This is not an
                      everyday talk.  Just input the information
                      and ask relevant questions.  One: how did a
                      celebrated life of the mind bring me
                       to this particular
                      switching station?


                      Dad...

            He shoves the shotgun into an open trash can.


                      Two: what if I didn't miss?  


                      You did.


                      Spare me your classical answer. 
                      Measurements in.  Results taken.  What if I
                      didn't miss?  


                      You did miss --


                      -- What if your seven and a half precious
                      liters were downloading over the parquet
                      floor?  What then?   What did your
                      life mean?  Who did you nurture,
                      Pauly?  Who did you love?

            Pentcho shifts, uncomfortably, in his seat.  Ditto Alexander's mood. 
            He does a startling one-eighty into nonchalance.   


                      What was her name?


                      Excuse me???


                      What was her name?  The one I met.

            Alexander reaches out a finger, touches the dab of paint on Pentcho's
            forehead.


                      Mia...?


                      Yes.... 

            He rubs the paint between his fingers. 


                      The restorer...

            Now he wanders off, disappears into the dark.

            ON PENTCHO: wired, incredulous, heart thump thump thumping.  

            He calls out after his father.  


                      I need some air.  Don't shoot me.  


                      Good night.  



            Pentcho paces in front of the open window, stops.  He turns to walk
            out, is surprised by



            Standing in the dark.


                      We've been kidding ourselves, Pauly.  Until
                      you look for it, it doesn't even exist.  



            Pentcho slogs down the wharf.  Running from it.  Looking for it. 
            Past homeless people slipping in and out of the shadows.  He snaps
            his head back over his shoulder, sees an OLD WOMAN playing  the
            accordian.  She stops.  Her eyes bore in on his own. 


                      You would have a son with me...

            Pentcho blinks.  The woman is suddenly FIFTY YEARS YOUNGER:


                      ...and his name would be Hope.



            Numbers fly up on the field, are inscribed, erased, considered and
            measured.  Pentcho's own VOICE is heard on overlap:


                      "If you could look back fast enough, at near
                      to the speed of light, then there would be
                      no reality behind you, because it hadn't yet
                      been created --



            BELLOWS in the dark.  Pentcho twists his head forward, spots:



            blinking above a tatto parlor.  His eyes lock on, see the heart 



            its electric pulse mimicing the beating of a real organ.  



            Running from it.  Looking for it.  He stops dead in his tracks, tries
            one last time to play gunfighter with the quantum reality:



            and we see him, making the same move, from four different camera
            angles: from his LEFT, his RIGHT, from the TOP OF HIS HEAD, and
            looking up FROM GROUND ZERO as 



            The RUMBLE OF A MEGA-EARTHQUAKE is unleashed.   Here it comes,
            rolling in with a giant WHOOSHING SOUND...



            The ships, the dock, the harbor OBLITERATED by an onrushing,
            transparent cloud of NOTHINGNESS, EMPTINESS, a tabula rasa
            superimposed upon the disappeared wharf.  



            hammered by his own victory, numb from shock and ecstasy, staring
            into the void as we surge forward 



            It's completely blank, just like the void.  The VITALS are flatlined. 
            A single piece of thought text floats across the emptiness, almost
            like a screen saver:
                      Say Uncle.... Say Uncle...




                      Uncle, hey... 

            A face, peering down at Pentcho.  The face belongs to the MAGIC MAN,
            in a mad hatter hat, and a potpourri of found item clothing.  Like a
            Baptist preacher on his sidewalk pulpit:


                      Can you feel it, uncle?  Can you feel it
                      right down to your bones?!  



            Inside each pupil is the reflection of the NEON HEART.  We pull back
            on Pentcho's face.  Calm.  Serene.


                      Yes.   Yes I can.



            Pentcho turns the key, effortlessly opens the front door.



            He stands beneath the stream of hot water, cleansing himself of a day
            that began a very long time ago.



            Pentcho dresses, taking in the smell and texture of fresh clothes
            against his body.  He sits down on the bed.  Sees a clock.  5:00 a.m. 
            TUGS UP one of the double sash windows that faces the 7-Eleven. 
            VOICES rise from the parking lot.  

            Pentcho stretches out on the musty bedspread, eyes on the carved
            plaster ceiling.  Suddenly, floating up through the open window:  


                      What do you want?!  

            Pentcho cranes his head.


                      Tell me!  Now!  Now!  

            The old sash falls shut.  BOOM.  It's like a dam bursting inside him,
            only the flood is LAUGHTER that starts deep in his belly, as a
            giggle, then a chuckle that cascades upward and out into enormous
            GUFFAWS.  The sound rocks the house.  Pentcho's smile is a mile wide. 
            His eyes sparkle, then tear up as the



            He jumps off the bed, and bounds down the stairs.  



            Alexander's already there, ushering MIA inside to:



            Pentcho arrives.  He stops, incredulous, at the sight of her.  


                      Guess who's coming to dinner.

            Mia jumps right in.  To Pentcho:


                      I didn't want to leave things the way we
                      did.  Not this time.


                      Wait.  I want to tell you something.

            He takes her arm, steering her away from Alexander, into the living
            room.  She stops cold at the sight of the MURAL.


                      I've been dreaming about this.


                          
                      Then you get it.  You'll understand.


                      What?

            His face has the look of the little boy who has just stumbled upon
            the pirate's treasure.  


                      I know what I want.  I let go, and a second
                      later you materialized at the door.  You
                      see?  



            feeling the feelings.


                      Mia.  I can create reality.   I can
                      choose to love you with all my heart.  

            Tears pool along the rims of her eyes.  She stares straight at him,
            hiding nothing.


                      You know those people who won't be
                      photographed because they're afraid you're
                      stealing their souls...?  
                          
                      I came to take back my picture.  The one I
                      keep leaving with you.

            His heart deflates.  His voice follows.  Barely audible:


                      Why?


                      So I can move on.  You too.

            A horn blares from outside.


                      Be who you are, Paul.  I love who you are. 
                      I do.

            She turns and runs out the front door.



            Mia runs down to the curb where where boyfriend WILL holds open the
            passenger door of the red Durango.


                      I'll drive.

            She circles the car, disappears behind the wheel.  Will gets in his
            side.  



            Pentcho, agitated, pushes open the door.  Alexander's already
            outside, watching Mia motor off.  He turns, stares at his son.


                      Do you want to think about it some more?  

            PENTCHO SPRINTS DOWN TO THE CURB.  Jumps into the Beetle.  The
            headlights FLASH ON in the pre-dawn night.



            Mia grips the wheel with two hands.  Will feigns nonchalance. 


                      You okay?

            She nods.  Barely.  They merge onto the highway. 



            Pentcho grips the wheel.  Eyes focused.  We surge into 





            whose shape recalls the original brain field.  Thought text scrolls
            below, accompanied now by Pentcho's own inner voice.


                      Each part of physical reality is constructed
                      of all the other parts...



            inside of which, the entire strand is reflected.


                      A web of connections created by the
                      interdependence of all things...

            The field collapses back into:



            eyes on the rear view mirror, as a horn BLARES from the entrance to
            the Long Beach bridge.

            She re-checks the mirror, filled with bobbing headlight beams.  One
            beam LOCKS ON, straight into the center of the glass, blinding her
            for a split second.  She blinks.  Gasps to herself as the beam seems
            to 



            and train its phosphorescent glow on:



            the point of light reflecting out of her pupils.  PENTCHO'S VOICE
            speaks from nowhere, sonorous and packed with reverb:


                      What do you want?

            Mia blinks again.  The beam is gone.  She looks over at WILL,
            oblivious, checking his watch. 



            the understanding flooding her eyes as 



            And we see her making her move from FOUR DIFFERENT CAMERA ANGLES,
            from her left, right, up above, and from the back seat of the car as
            the RUMBLE OF A MEGA-EARTHQUAKE WHOOSHES BY...



            all sucked out of existence until nothing remains but         





            triggering a chain reaction of vehicles fish-tailing across the
            bridge.  In quick succession come a STREAM OF IMAGES:

            The pearls colliding...

            Mia and Will exchanging a LOOK...

            Traffic HALTING on the bridge...

            Will getting SCORCHED by the MAN they plowed into...

            Mia, exiting her side, looking BACK BEHIND HER...

            PENTCHO, ditching his Beetle, ten car lengths south...

            HE RUNS FORWARD, straight down the path of a tunnel-like headlight
            beam.  

            MIA PICKS UP SPEED, churning from the other direction.  



            as the two of them move toward the same point.  Suddenly, tiny sparks
            of light GLOW and JUMP from portions of the bridge cable.



            gliding still closer.  A VOICE sounds:


                      Impact!

            Their bodies CONNECT, arms intertwine, lips touch lips...



            It's like a plug in the socket of the physical landscape



            Every cell line, radio wave, satellite feed, fiber-optic cable, all
            stretching in every possible direction 



            pulsing outward into a spidery network of






