



if 
top.location.href=location.href



























					Jeff Nathanson



































	A smoky haze dims the blazing sun.  Skyscrapers sit like
	watchtowers over the city, where East meets West for five and
	a half million people a day.



	THE AMERICAN EMBASSY - U.S. and Chinese flags side by side. 

	HU LI, dark glasses, EXITS and slowly moves toward a STREET
	VENDOR across the street.

	She pays for an order of pork bao; as she takes her first
	bite we see:



	TWO OFFICES ON THE SIXTH FLOOR BLOWN OUT - a huge fireball
	erupting over one side of the embassy.

	People panic and run.  Hu Li doesn't even flinch.  She takes
	a bite of her pork bao as she casually turns to the stunned
	street vendor.


			
		Someone better call the police.



	The passenger window rolls down and we see Carter, styling in
	a Chinese-cut suit.  He's holding a Chinese-English
	dictionary, leaning out the window - giving his best "do me"
	look to two girls in a convertible.


			
		Deng wa lu yun cai-shen wu.

	The HORRIFIED GIRLS speed off, and Carter turns to Lee, who
	is driving and singing to his radio.


			
		...wish they all could be California...
		wish they all could be California
		girls...

	Carter ejects the BEACH BOYS CD from the stereo and TOSSES it
	out of the SUNROOF.


		I warned you about playing that shit
		when I'm in the car.


		That was my CD.  Don't you ever touch a
		Chinese man's CD.


		Did you see the way those girls drove
		off?  I did you a favor.


		Those girls drove off because of you.


		All I did was invite them for a drink.


		You invited them to get naked and
		sacrifice a small goat.


			(checking Chinese-English
			 dictionary)
		I said that?  Which word was "goat?"

	Lee picks up his CD case.


		You owe me a copy of the Beach Boys
		Greatest Hits, Volume Two.


		Don't be giving me attitude, Lee.  I've
		been here three days and we haven't done
		shit.  We haven't been to a club,
		haven't even talked to a girl.  I'm on
		vacation, and I want some mu-shu.


		Mu-shu?  You're hungry?


		Not Mu-shu.  Mu-shu.  I want to see some
		women.  Now stop playing dumb and show
		me the shu!

	Carter flips through the dictionary.  A CALL COMES in over






	The following conversation is in Chinese, English subtitles.


		Lee, there was a bombing at the American
		Embassy.  Two American translators were
		killed.


		Any leads?


			
		We think it's Ricky Tan.  If you don't
		want to take the case, I'll understand.


		It's my responsibility.

	Lee hangs up the cell phone.


		What was that?  Did you just pick up a
		case?  Did we just take another damn
		case on my vacation?

	Lee smiles at Carter.


		Of course not.  My Superindendent
		invited us to a club tonight.  Big
		party.


		Don't be messing with me, Lee.  I will
		kick your ass.  I'll hit you so hard
		you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty.


		Carter, would I lie to you?



	Carter follows Lee out of the car, the two men making their
	way to the door of the Raven Club.  Carter is combing his
	hair, getting himself ready for a night on the town, stopping
	when he spots two hot WOMEN walking into the club.


		That's what I'm talking about.  A real
		Hong Kong night club.  You want an
		Altoid?


		No.


		You better take one.  Your breath has
		been a little funky all day.  Let me
		look at you.

	Carter looks at Lee.  Fixes his collar.


		Just relax and don't worry about a
		thing.  I'll hook you up in there.  You
		got condoms?


		No.  


		Take this.  It's a Magnum.  You can fold
		it in half.

	Carter dances through the door, Lee follows.



	A dark, upscale club that is packed with GANGSTERS, BEAUTIFUL
	GIRLS and CIVILIANS.  Lee and Carter walk in.  Lee is trying
	to keep a low profile as Carter stares up at the stage, where
	a man sings Karaoke -- the most painful rendition of Michael
	Jackson's "DON'T STOP 'TILL YOU GET ENOUGH."


		I'll meet you at the bar in ten minutes. 
		They don't like tourists in here, so try
		to blend in.


		Blend in?  I'm two feet taller than
		everyone here.  Where you going?


		Bathroom.

	Lee walks off, trying not to be seen as Carter steps up to
	the bar, takes a seat next to TWO CHINESE THUGS.


		How you boys doing tonight?

	The thugs ignore Carter as he motions to the stage, where the
	OLD MAN continues to sing.


		That is the worst singing I've ever
		heard.  That sounds like something you'd
		hear in prison after lights out.

	The thugs continue to ignore Carter.



	Lee makes his way down a hallway -- looks through an open
	door - sees a private room.  Several TRIADS are using hi-tech
	MACHINES to count stacks of AMERICAN HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS.


		Get closer to my body now.  And just
		love me, till you don't know how...

	Lee steps back into shadow -- does a double take as he
	realizes he's hearing Carter belting out "DON'T STOP 'TILL




	A room full of Chinese sitting with their mouths open,
	watching Carter on the Karaoke stage doing a dead-on Michael
	Jackson, singing his heart out.  Dancing and making eyes at a
	few of the smitten women who are watching him.


			
		Carter, get off that stage!


		Are you kidding, they love me.  I'm a
		star, Lee.  A god to these people!

	Carter resumes singing, really getting down.  Moonwalking to
	the EDGE of the STATE where Lee PULLS HIM OFF.


		This is a gangster bar, we're here
		undercover.


		I knew you were lying.


		I'm sorry.


		Damn it, why are you ruining my night? 
		I'm just starting to have fun.
			
		Well fine then, go ahead, pull your
		badge and do your thing.


		No, we're here for information, to find
		out where a man named Ricky Tan is.  We
		must tread softly and keep our ears
		open.


		Tread softly?  Who taught you how to
		roost a bar?


		Carter, you don't understand.  These men
		are Fu-Cang-Long Triads.  Part of the
		most deadly gang in China.


		Man, are you crazy?  You think that
		scares me?  I'm from  L.A.  We invented
		gangs.  We were having gang wars before
		anybody even thought about it.  We get
		royalties from other gangs.  Now gimme
		your badge and gun and I'll show you how
		it's done.


		No.  You are a civilian.  In China, I am
		Michael Jackson, and you are Toto.


		You mean Tito.  We had  Toto for dinner
		last night.

	Before Lee can react, Carter has lifted Lee's badge and gun. 
	Carter bounds back on stage, pulls the plug on the music and
	fires three SHOTS into the ceiling, silencing the bar.


			
		Deng wa lu yun, shen wu wattu masu wang
		lui.

	Nobody moves.  Strange looks from the crowd.  Carter turns to
	Lee.


			
		What'd I say?


		You just said you're their worst
		nightmare - and to line their mothers up
		for a milking.


		Shit.  C'mon, get up here and help me
		out.

	Reluctantly, Lee gets on stage.  More looks from the Chinese
	as Carter speaks, Lee translating.


		Okay, all the Triads and ugly women go
		to that side, all fine ass women on this
		side.

	Nobody moves.  Carter fires two more shots in the ceiling.


		Let's try this again.  Who here knows
		Ricky Tan, raise your hand.

	Nobody moves.


		Who here is named Lee?  Raise your hand.

	Nobody moves.


		Now I know you're lying.  

	The crowd still hasn't moved.  Except in the back, where Lee
	spots several GANGSTERS leaving.  As Lee runs off stage --


			
		I come back and catch y'all singing
		Michael Jackson and you're all going to
		jail.



	Lee and Carter run into the street, just in time to see HU LI
	and several gangsters round a corner.


		Stop!  LAPD!

	Lee takes off and chases them on foot.





	The far end of the street is BLOCKED BY MARKET STALLS.  The
	GANGSTERS look around frantically.  An apartment building is
	under CONSTRUCTION, massive BAMBOO SCAFFOLDING top to bottom. 
	Their only way out is UP.

	Lee and Carter dash around the corner to see the gangsters
	SWARMING UP THE SCAFFOLDING.  Lee wastes no time going after
	them.  With a running start, he JAMS A FOOT on the wall and
	VAULTS to the BOTTOM RUNG, GRABS HOLD AND SWINGS UP.


		Hang on, Lee.  I'm coming.

	Carter jumps to grab hold of the scaffolding.  NOT EVEN
	CLOSE.  He backs up -- he's gonna take a running start!

	ABOVE - LEE REACHES 4 GANGSTERS.  They all tear off the
	LENGTHS OF BAMBOO and square off.  The clatter of wood
	against wood as they beat at each other.  Wrestling over his
	pole, Lee FLINGS TWO of the GANGSTERS over the edge.

	BELOW, Carter has hold of the bottom rung, STRAINING MIGHTILY
	to pull himself up.  Just as he gets his chin above the
	bar... snap!  It BREAKS and he drops.  Then...

	WHAM!  WHAM!  The two gangsters CRASH LAND ON EITHER side of
	CARTER.  HE takes one look at their pain.


		Forget this...

	He dashes into the stairwell.  ABOVE, the last two GANGSTERS
	come at Lee.  He stomps down, levering up floor boards, which
	SEE-SAWS them off-balance.  With the advantage, he BATTERS
	them with his bamboo pole and knocks them off.  He climbs
	after the GANGSTER LEADER.

	ON HU LI and the GANGSTERS

	Coming over the crest of the hill, seeing Carter climbing up
	the hill.



	Lee pulls himself up onto the roof, takes a few steps when
	WHAM!  He is clocked by a 16-foot BAMBOO POLE.  Lee TOPPLES
	OVER THE EDGE!  We see his adversary for the first time.



	As she steps to the edge... BOOM!  The STAIRWELL DOOR FLIES
	OPEN and CARTER EMERGES.  Gun low and ready.  Hu Li is gone.


			
		Freeze!  Nobody move!

	Carter goes to the edge and sees Lee hanging on a pole below. 
	Carter is blind-sided by Hu Li.

	She takes one sultry step towards him, then twists her heel
	and WINDMILLS a HARD KICK that sends Carter FLYING OFF THE


	He falls along the side of the building.  He manages to grab
	the end of a BAMBOO POLE that juts out from the scaffolding.



	They're hanging side-by-side, holding on for their lives.  Hu
	Li looks down at them.  She has no weapon to finish them off. 
	She turns and runs, disappearing in the night.



	holding on with all their strength.  The bamboo is starting
	to bend.


		All I wanted was a little mu-shu.


		Try to land on your feet.

	Carter looks down at a rancid dumpster below them.


		I can't believe I flew ten-thousand
		miles for this shit.

	The POLE BREAKS







	Carter and Lee drive through Hong Kong, the two men riding in
	silence, bruised and covered in garbage.


		You lied to me. 


		I'm sorry.


		You're sorry.  I got somebody's old
		chopsticks stuck in my ass, so don't
		tell me you're sorry.  Just take me
		home.


		No time.  There was an explosion at the
		American Embassy today -- two American
		translators were killed.

	Carter takes this in.  Can't believe his own bad luck.


		So that Ricky Tan, he's the one who blew
		up the Embassy?



	Lee and Carter walk into a massive COURTYARD, where thirty 12
	year olds are going through their warm up routines.  

	MASTER FU, 60's, wears a BLACK ROBE as he teaches his kids.


		I'm telling you right now, I'm tired of
		this shit.  There's two billion Chinese -
		let one of them be your partner.


		This won't take long. 

	Master Fu barks out a barrage of SHAOLIN FIGHTING STANCES.


		Dragon kick!

	Like well-trained army, the students YELL AND KICK HARD.


		Lotus block!

	The students YELL and form an "X" with their arms.  Master Fu
	notices Carter and Lee watching from the back.


		Twisting Tiger!

	No response.  The students exchange baffled looks.


			
		Twisting Tiger!

	Lee may be a big rusty, but he puts on a shit-kicking move
	that leaves the students blown away.  Lee smiles, basking in
	the glow...

	...until he sees Master Fu's disappointment.


		Didn't I teach you to always arch your
		back?


			
		Yes, Master.

	While Lee follows Master Fu, Carter stands in front of the 12
	YEAR OLDS, who sit motionless around a fighting circle. 

	Carter starts stretching his legs, warming up.


		I was watching you kids.  My name is
		Carter, LAPD, and I'm a third degree
		black belt.  At least that's what I tell
		the girls at the Holiday Health Spa
		where I work out.

	Carter throws a series of QUICK PUNCHES, but the kids have no
	reaction.


		Let me give you kids some tips.  The key
		to Kung Fu is the follow through.  Why
		don't you stand up.

	THE KIDS DON'T MOVE, no reaction.  Carter continues to throw
	punches.


		Go ahead, kick me, hit me.  I'll show
		you how to block.  Come on, stand up,
		give me your best shot -- try to kick
		right to my head.

	The kids still don't move.  Carter, working up a sweat from
	shadow fighting, takes off his JACKET, DRAPING IT over the
	HOLY BUDDHA behind him -- a mistake.  He swings back around
	to face the kids and NEVER SEES THE KICK that sends him
	flying back onto the mat.  He looks around and sees ALL of
	the kids STANDING, in FIGHTING POSITION.


		That's pretty good.  Which one of you
		kids did that?



	Lee and Master Fu walking.


		I need your help, Master.  I'm seeking a
		man who used to train with you.  He's
		become a killer - the worst kind of
		animal.


		Animals kill only from hunger or fear. 
		The man you seek is lower than a
		serpent.  
			
		...he kills for money.

	In the b.g., we see the kids leaping acrobatically over
	Carter from all sides.  Carter, frustrated, tries to grab the
	kids out of the air as they fly by, but they elude him.  They
	disappear O.S.

	Lee and Master Fu walk another moment, Master Fu lost in
	thought.


		He was the best I ever trained, you
		know.


		Ricky Tan?


		No.  Your father.
			
		Your father and Ricky Tan were my
		favorite students... and for such awful
		things to happen as they did --

	Lee cuts off Master Fu's reminisces -- he's obviously
	uncomfortable.


		How do I find Ricky Tan?

	AGAIN IN THE B.G., Carter and the flying kids go zipping by
	in the other direction, disappear O.S.

	Master Fu pats the SOIL around a struggling plant.


		A seeding spends its entire life
		reaching towards Heaven.


		I know, Master, but...


		The answers you seek can be found in
		Heaven on Earth.


		Heaven on Earth?  Master, I don't
		understand.
			
		A temple, where Heaven is on Earth?  A
		mountain, where Earth reaches for the --


		It's a massage parlor downtown.  "Heaven
		on Earth."  You will find your answers
		there.

	Lee bows to Master Fu, slowly turns to walk back down the
	pathway.


		Wait!  Put a c-note in the jar.

	Lee puts a few bills in the jar, heads down a pathway. 
	Master Fu walks over and takes the cash.


		Cheap bastard...



	Lee emerges from the path, stops when he sees Carter -- two
	students headlocked under each arm, another two scissor
	locked between his legs, holding another two down with his
	hands, and sitting on the last one.


		And that's how you use the LAPD choke
		hold.  Now start practicing and don't
		make me come back here!


		Carter...you ready to have some fun!?



	A neon light hangs above the upscale massage parlor.


		Just follow my lead and act like a
		tourist.


		I am a tourist.



	Lee and Carter walk into an upscale MASSAGE PARLOR and stand
	in a lobby.  SOFT MUSIC is playing. 


		Good afternoon, gentlemen.

	Lee bows, followed by Carter.


			
		Hello.


		How you doin'?


		My friend is on vacation, from America. 
		I want to show him a good time.


		Oh, you American?


		That's right.


		You bring American money?


			
		Never leave home without it.
			
		Lee, this one's on me.  You save your
		money.

	The Hostess takes Carter by the arm, walks over to a HIDDEN
	SLIDING DOOR - slides it open to reveal TWENTY BEAUTIFUL
	WOMEN.  Carter truly is in Heaven.


		You get massage from Chinese girl
		before?


		No.  It's my first time.


		You pick any girl for you and your
		friend.

	Carter looks like a kid in a candy store.


		Any girl?  Okay.  Let's start with that
		one.


		Oh yes, she's very nice.


		She is nice.  But I am very tense.  I'm
		gonna need a lot of massages.  I'll take
		that one, too.  How you doin', baby? 
		And...that one in pink.  She can do my
		feet.

	Lee elbows Carter.


		What are you doing?


		She said I could pick any girl I want.


		Well, hurry up.


		Hey!  You don't break in front of a
		black man in a buffet line.


			
		Your friend have big appetite.
			(handing ROBES to Lee and
			 Carter)
		Please put these on and wait upstairs in
		the quiet room.



	TWENTY MEN in SILK ROBES lie in reclining chairs, women
	massaging their feet and hands.  There are BIG SCREEN TV's
	showing nature films, relaxation music playing in the
	background. 

	Lee and Carter sit in the quiet room dressed in MATCHING
	PURPLE ROBES.  Lee wears SLIPPERS, Carter wears his HIGH
	TOPS.  Carter is enjoying a hand and neck massage at the same
	time.  A WOMAN walks over and hands them each a drink.


		Now I'm on vacation.  I knew you'd come
		through, Lee.

	LEE doesn't respond.  LEE IS STARING AT SOMEONE ON THE FAR
	SIDE OF THE ROOM.  A man who radiates a unique blend of
	sophistication and brutality.


		What's wrong?


		Over there -- that's Ricky Tan.


		That's Ricky Tan?  He's four feet tall. 
		I'll go over with you right now, shake
		him down.


		This is a very dangerous man.


		I'm a dangerous man.  You're not gonna
		ruin my massage because of some midget
		in a house coat.


		I'm calling for back up!

	Lee gets up from a chair, hurriedly exits.

	Carter looks at RICKY TAN -- sitting quietly in his chair
	with his LAPTOP COMPUTER on his knees.  Carter makes a
	decision, gets up and walks towards him.


		Ricky Tan, I've been looking all over
		for you.  Get up.

	Tan looks up for a moment, a smile.


		I'm busy at the moment.


		I said get on your feet!


		I know you, Detective Carter, right? 
		You're Lee's American friend.  Enjoying
		your visit?


		I'm Lee's new muscle, his right arm --
		and don't let the robe fool you.  This
		is the only color they had left.  Now
		get up!

	Tan laughs, goes back to his laptop.  CARTER GRABS THE LAPTOP
	from Ricky and throws it across the room - SHATTERING IT
	against the wall.  Ricky glances at his men who are seated
	around the room waiting to move.


		I told you to get on your feet!

	Having heard the commotion, Lee arrives by Carter's side,
	breathless, as Tan looks up, surprised.


		Lee, I've missed you, brother.
			
		I heard about the two Americans, I'm so
		sorry, you must be under great pressure.


		You must come with me for questioning.


		Let's go.  I've got girls and chicken
		and hot oil waiting for me.


		I don't think so...

	A nod of Ricky Tan's head, and TEN LARGE MEN in robes and
	towels spring out of reclining chairs -- menacingly facing
	Lee and Carter.  A beat...


		I'd like to pay you for that laptop.


		It's no problem.  But I must excuse
		myself, inspector.


		That's Chief Inspector, he got promoted.

	Tan bows to Lee and Carter.


		Congratulations.  And good day.

	As Tan starts to exit, Lee and Carter move to intercept him. 
	But they are blocked by TAN'S MEN.

	Lee grabs one of the men's towels and pulls it off.  The man
	covers his naked body.  Lee is grabbed by one of the other
	henchmen, but he escapes and begins kicking ass, using the
	towel and his own robe to block and wrap another man's arms --
	blocking, kicking, and punching everything in sight -- all
	the while managing to keep his privates covered with a towel,
	his robe, or some other found object.

	Carter, meanwhile, uses his quick hands to send several men
	flying back -- grabbing a towel of one of them.


			
		Damn!  No wonder you're pissed off.

	Carter uses the towel like Lee did to block and trap one of
	the men's punches.

	In the middle of fighting, Lee is suddenly exposed -- he
	flinches to cover himself and is punched from behind. 
	Momentarily stunned, he's lifted from behind -- two men
	throwing him out the front door.

	Carter is also overpowered by two men, who lift him over
	their shoulders.



	Ricky Tan's black limo SCREECHES to a stop.  The door flies
	open and Lee and Carter are TOSSED out onto the highway. 
	Both men are completely naked.



	A packed street - Lee and Carter dodging in and out of
	people.  The CAMERA PANS and we see Lee and Carter from
	behind.


		Goddamn you got a small ass.


		Don't look at my ass!





	The station is packed with Americans -- FBI AGENTS, SECRET
	SERVICE... they've set up shop right in the middle of the
	bullpen.

	SUPERINDENDENT CHIN is arguing with SPECIAL AGENT STERLING, a
	50-year old hard ass who is in charge of this circus.


		Chin, you have been ordered by the
		Ministry of Public Security to assist
		the FBI and Secret Service with our
		investigation, to provide us with
		whatever we need.  If you have
		information, it belongs to us.


		This is still Hong Kong.


		Two Americans have been killed on United
		States Government property -- this is
		our investigation.


		Chief Inspector Lee will brief your
		people...


		No.  He will report to me.  Do we
		understand each other?

	SUDDENLY ALL EYES turn as Carter and Lee enter the bullpen. 
	Out of breath, still robed: Lee covering himself with a trash
	can lid, Carter using a red construction cone.


		Who the hell is that?


			
		That is...Chief Inspector Lee.  The
		detective in charge of our
		investigation.


		Put a diaper on him, Chin.  I want to
		talk to the great Inspector Lee.



	The shades are down as Lee frantically gets dressed, putting
	on a suit and fixing his tie. 
	Carter finishes putting on a BLACK CHINESE STYLE SUIT from
	Lee's closet, then moves for the door.


		Where are you going?


		Back to Heaven on Earth.  I need my damn
		passport back.  I'm going home.


		Fine.  Go home.  Who needs you.


		Why you mad at me?  You needed back-up,
		so I backed you up.  I was about to take
		out Ricky Tan and those bodyguards.


		Stop!  I'm sick of your bullshit!


		My bullshit?  I'm not the one who goes
		to a karaoke bar filled with gangsters! 
		I'm not the one who goes to massage
		parlors to bust crime lords!


		It's my job!


		You're pathetic, man.  When's the last
		time you had some fun?  When's the last
		time you took a night off, had a date?


		I have plenty of dates.


		Really?  When's the last time you had
		some Mu-shu  Let's hear it, Lee, when
		was it?  Year of the rat?


		You would never understand my life. 
		You're not Chinese.


		And you ain't black!

	The two men look at each other for a long BEAT.  Lee quickly
	walks out, slamming the door behind him, leaving Carter half
	dressed.



	Lee walks in, sees Sterling sitting at Chin's desk.  Chin
	stands in the back.


		Lee, this is Special Agent Sterling from
		the United States Secret Service.


		The Secret Service?  Why?


		What I'm about to tell you cannot leave
		this room.  The men who were killed
		yesterday were not American translators. 
		They were undercover U.S. customs agents
		trying to break a Triad smuggling ring. 
		We don't know what they're transporting
		out of Hong Kong, but whatever it is, it
		got the agents killed.


		How can we help?


		Stay the hell out of our way.


		I can get to Ricky Tan.


		We know all about Tan.  That's why we're
		leaving him out there as bait.  We think
		this is a lot bigger than just Ricky Tan
		and his Fu-Cang-Long Triads.



	Carter is on the phone, his feet on Lee's desk.  As he talks
	he opens a drawer, pulls out a wad of cash and pockets it.


		Captain, you're gonna have to speak up. 
		I'm on a car phone!



	CAPTAIN DIEL sits behind his desk talking on the phone.


		Is it true, Carter?  Are you in Hong
		Kong right now?


		Hong Kong?  I'm not in Hong Kong.  I'm
		in Hollywood -- right at Sunset and
		Vine, two minutes from the station.  How
		about I pick you up right now and take
		you to dinner?


		It's nine-thirty in the morning.


		Did I say dinner?  I meant diner. 
		Biscuits and gravy, you love that shit.


		Do you know what happened yesterday,
		Carter?  I was officially nominated for
		the Commissioner's post for the LAPD. 
		There was a dinner last night, two
		hundred LAPD officers were there.


		Two hundred cops?  Was Mario Sanchez
		there?  He owes me money.


		I've waited my whole life for this job,
		but I don't have a shot in hell of
		getting it.  Do you know why?


		Is it because of the hookers, sir?  You
		tell them there's no crime in being
		lonely.


		No, Carter.  The reason I'm screwed is
		because the entire department is about
		to find out the stolen credit cards we
		impounded were used to buy two first
		class upgrades to Hong Kong.  And what
		the hell is Heaven on Earth?


		Sir, I'm working on a big case over here
		-- and by the time I get back they're
		gonna make you Governor.  Captain, you
		there?  Hello?  Shit!

	As Carter walks out the DOOR, he brushes past HU LI, who is
	standing in the hallway disguised as a FED EX DELIVERY
	PERSON.  Carter checks her out as he exits.



	CARTER starts walking down the street, making his way past an
	outdoor BUTCHER MARKET, getting strange looks from locals and
	tourists alike.  He motions to an OLD WOMAN who is selling



		How you doing?  Can you direct me to the
		Heaven on Earth massage parlor?  

	The OLD WOMAN stares at Carter, starts motioning to her CAGES
	filled with birds.


		No, I don't eat live birds.  I like my
		birds dead and deep fried.  You ever
		been to Popeyes?

	The Woman takes out a bird, holds up a HATCHET.


		No, don't do that, I had a big lunch. 
		I'm warning you, I'm a police officer --
		just put the blade down and let the bird
		go.



	Lee walks out of the Captain's office, heads for his own
	office - but never gets there.

	AN EXPLOSION rips through the second floor of the station. 
	Lee diving for safety as glass and debris shoot over his
	head.  Sheer pandemonium as Lee quickly looks up at his
	destroyed office, tries to get to his feet.

	STUNNED POLICE OFFICERS and DETECTIVES are crowded around
	Lee's office, looking at the rubble.  Lee pushes through the
	crowd -- it's all smoke and fire.  Now way anyone held back
	by the heat.


		Carter!  CARTER!



	Carter walks down the street holding a CAGE WITH A LIVE RED
	BIRD inside.  He stops a MAN who is sweeping in front of his
	store.


		How you doing?  I'm looking for Heaven
		on Earth.

	The man stares at Carter, watches as he pulls out his:




		Shan-shui cao guo-jiu, pao gai niu tao
		zi.


		You wish to spank my sister with a ping
		pong paddle?


		No man, I was just asking...


		Wait here.  I'll go see if she's awake.

	As the man walks into his store, Carter runs off.

	Pause.

	Carter strolls back INTO FRAME, peering into the store to see
	if it's worth staying...



	Lee sits by himself in shock.  Superindendent Chin
	approaches.


		All he wanted was some mu-shu.


		Are you okay, Lee?

	Beat.


		I'm sorry, I have to go.



	Carter finally makes his way to the massage parlor, moving
	for the FRONT DOOR when he sees RICKY TAN EXIT.  Carter ducks
	to the side and watches as Ricky climbs into the back of a
	waiting Daimler.

	The Daimler drives off.  Carter rushes to the middle of the
	street with a determined look on his face.


		I'm gonna solve this case myself.  Taxi!

	Carter flags down a CAB, jumps in the back seat.



	The CAB DRIVER turns to Carter, who motions to the limo.


			
		Follow that limo.

	The Cab Driver continues to stare at Carter.


		You understand what I'm saying?  Follow
		that car!  Where it goes, you go!  This
		is a chase -- we are chasing that limo!
			
		We are still parked -- we're not moving! 
		This is the opposite of chasing -- drive
		the car or I will kill you!

	The driver slowly turns, holding out his hand.  Carter fishes
	in his pocket hands the cab driver a wad of cash.


		Now you speak my language.



	Lee drives, misty-eyed.  RAP MUSIC playing over the stereo. 
	Lee turns it up, slowly moving his head to the music, in
	tribute to Carter.

	His CELL PHONE rings, he turns down the music.






		Lee, we just got a call from the harbor
		patrol.  Ricky Tan is throwing a little
		party on his boat tonight.  Victoria
		harbor.  If you don't want to...


		Did you tell Sterling?


		Let him find out on his own.  I want the
		Hong Kong police handling this.


		Thank you.

	Lee hangs up.  A look of intensity.  He CRANKS the RAP MUSIC
	up, a man on a mission.



	A 190-FOOT YACHT is anchored in Victoria Harbor.  Ricky Tan
	walks along the top deck with HU LI, disappearing into a
	crowd of people who are partying on the ship.

	Carter steps out of the cab.


		Stay here.  I'll be right back.  You
		understand?


		Yes.  I understand.

	Carter steps out of the cab, which immediately drives off,
	leaving him alone on the docks.

	Carter looks around the dock -- a pull up valet station
	parking fancy cars, RICH PEOPLE getting on the boat as their
	names are checked off a list by two DOORMEN.



	A huge PARTY, a live band plays for a crowd of business men,
	politicians and beautiful women - a who's who of Hong Kong.

	CARTER walks up to the front of the boat -- TWO DOORMEN
	HOLDING clipboards immediately stop him.


		Invitation, please.


		I'm with the band.  I'm the lead singer.


		The band has been playing over an hour.


		I got held up at a wedding in Tai Koo. 
		Ricky here yet, I need to get his
		requests.

	As Carter walks past the doorman -- 


		Wait.


		Last party all he wanted was Sting --
		not one person danced.  Tonight I'm
		doing Superfreak, I don't care what he
		says.  Where is he?


		Mr. Tan is not to be disturbed by the
		help.

	Carter turns back to the doorman, grabs him by the collar.


		Help?  I'm not the help, man -- I'm the
		star.  That's my band up there -- I
		control the mood, the groove, the
		atmosphere.

	Carter cuts a smoking DANCE MOVE.


		Can you do that?
			
		That's why you're down here and I'm up
		there.  Now this is my party -- don't
		forget it!

	Carter walks onto the ship, starts singing to himself.



	The SHIP'S HORN SOUNDS, the yacht starts to head out to sea. 
	Lee steps out of his car, sees the yacht is pulling out of
	the slip.  He runs along the side of the boat, has no choice
	but to jump from the end of the pier, landing hard on the
	side of the ship, somehow holding onto a PORTHOLE WINDOW.  He
	clings to the yacht, then throws himself toward a hanging
	LIFEBOAT, climbs up the side and jumps toward the TOP RAIL --



	As Carter walks through the ship, he grabs a handful of food
	from a waiter, his eyes searching the crowd, rounds a corner 
	- almost stepping right into HU LI, who's approaching STEVEN
	REIGN.  Steven Reign is in his 50's -- perfectly groomed,
	impeccably dressed - his looks and bearing say one thing --
	money. 
	He's got the big party smile on, but as Hu Li arrives,
	Reign's face shifts and his eyes go dead -- the billionaire
	as sociopath.

	Carter steps back, but sees Reign Whisper to Hu Li.  Carter
	hides and turns away as Hu Li instinctively scans the room
	for signs of trouble.  He heads into the main party.

	Carter stops walking when he comes upon ISABELLA MOLINA, a
	stunning brunette, sitting at the bar drinking a glass of
	champagne.  Carter lights her cigarette for her.


		How you doing, baby?  My name is Prince
		Mubutu from Nigeria.


		Isabella Molina, from San Juan.  That
		seat is taken.


			
		San Juan!  You must know my good friend
		Pedro Martinez Hernandez Hector
		Elizondo.


			
		I don't think so.


		I'm sorry, you looked like you traveled
		in the best circles.  But hey, I
		understand.  Make yourself at home,
		Isabella.  Champagne, caviar, whatever
		you want.  My ship is your ship.


		This is your ship?


		That's right.  I'm the owner, the
		Captain -- you can call me El Capitan.


		El Capitan?


		I don't want to play games with you,
		Isabella.  I like you.  I can see myself
		with you -- in one of those bathrooms
		over there in about five minutes.


		Well, I'm very tempted.  It's such a
		beautiful yacht.  What's it called?


		Called?  What's my ship called?
			
		Well...it's called the S.S. Minnow
		Johnson.


		The S.S. Minow Johnson.  Funny, the name
		on the back was "Red Dragon."


		Red Dragon?  You sure about that?


		I'm sure, because this is my friend's
		yacht.  And it's his party.


		Your friend's ship?
			
		Oh, man.  I must've walked onto the
		wrong yacht.  I knew there was a reason
		my keys didn't work.


			
		Who's your friend?


		Somebody who got on the wrong yacht.


		Wait a second.  You're Steven Reign? 
		You're big time.  You own all them big
		hotels.  What are you doing in Hong
		Kong?


			
		I'm just in town for the weekend, taking
		in the sights.


		Enjoy the party, Mr. Carter.

	Carter nods, waves.  Steven Reign and Isabella walk away. 
	Carter's watching.



	Lee makes his way toward a STAIRCASE that is blocked by a
	BODYGUARD.  He quickly disarms the guard and grabs him by the
	throat, pushing him against the wall.


		Ricky Tan.  Where is he?


		Who's asking?


		The Hong Kong Police.  He killed a
		detective today and he's not getting
		away with it.  Now where is he?


		Yeah.  Tell us!  And don't play games or
		we'll kick your lying ass!

	Lee slowly turns around and looks at Carter, who is standing
	right behind him.


		Carter?


		Who died?


		You.


		Detective Yu?  Never met him.


		Not Yu.  You!


		Who?


		Do you understand the words that are
		coming out of my mouth?


		Nobody understands the words that are
		coming out of your mouth.


		Get your hands in the air.

	Lee and Carter turn to see FOUR BODYGUARDS standing in front
	of them with GUNS in hand.


		Ricky Tan is expecting you.



	It looks like HUGH HEFNER'S BEDROOM complete with ROUND BED
	and SUNKEN BAR.  Ricky Tan sits in front of a big screen
	satellite TV screaming at the Lakers.  Hu Li opens the door
	and the bodyguards lead Lee into the bedroom.


		Come on, Shaq, hit a damn free-throw! 
		You can do it, big guy.



	We see Shaq miss his free throw.


		Shit!  He still doesn't follow through. 
		I just lost five grand.

	Tan turns off the TV, turns to Lee.


		Why don't we go on the deck, get some
		air...and some privacy.
			
		Leave us alone.

	Hu Li hesitates, upset at being dismissed.


			
		Could you have your partner wait for us
		outside?


		I ain't his partner, I'm a tourist.  I
		got proof.  See, I got a mini-bar key.


			
		I'll meet you on the main deck in ten
		minutes.

	Carter pulls Lee aside.


		What, leave you alone so he can cap you?


		I'm okay, you go.


		Why the hell should you believe him?  He
		had us beat up.  Naked.  That's nasty
		shit.


		Remember I told you my father was a
		policeman?
			
		Ricky Tan was his partner for ten years.


			
		What the hell is going on here?

	No answer.  Carter holds Lee's glance for a beat, then turns
	and walks the other way.



	Tan and Lee reach the upper deck, where they are alone.


		Despite what people suspect...what you
		suspect --


		Don't.

	Ricky Tan hears the steel in Lee's voice, acknowledges it.


		... if your father were alive, I would
		be turning to him now.
			
		I didn't blow up the American Embassy,
		but I believe some of my people did.  My
		enemies are trying to frame me.
			
		There is a war going on within the
		Triads -- and I am going to lose.  My
		name has been written into the book of
		death.


		The police can protect you.


		Nobody can protect me.  I'll make a deal
		with you, Lee.  But only iff you'll get
		me out of Hong Kong.


		Tell me why they killed the customs
		agents.


		There is a ship, in the Hong Kong
		Harbor...

	Hu Li BURSTS onto the deck, flanked by FOUR BODYGUARDS.

	Ricky Tan screams something at Hu Li in Chinese.  Hu Li
	screams back as SHE EMPTIES HER GUN INTO RICKY'S CHEST.  Tan
	falls back, over the rail, and into the water.

	Lee MOVES TOWARDS HU LI, but the four bodyguards are on Lee,
	attacking from all sides.  Hu Li exits as Lee tries to fight
	off the bodyguards.



	Reactions from the crowd as GUNSHOTS echo from the deck
	above.



	Hu Li moves quickly down the hallway, rounding a corner and
	suddenly goes FLYING, landing flat on her face.

	It's Carter, who ran to the sound of the gunshot, and TRIPPED
	Hu Li with his leg.


		All right, get your hands up.

	Hu Li backflips up -- kicking Carter in the head.



	Lee takes down Bodyguard #1, but is still fighting three on
	one.  A furious exchange of acrobatic blows between Lee and
	Bodyguard #2.



	Carter and Hu Li face off.


		You wanna piece of me?  C'mon, I'll give
		you a little LAPD ass kickin'.

	Hu Li savages Carter with a series of punishing blows.



	Lee manages to defeat Bodyguards #3 and #4.  As he catches
	his breath the sound of a SPEED BOAT starting its engines.


		Hu Li!

	Lee runs to the rail -- looks down to see a SPEEDBOAT
	starting to pull away from the ship.  Hu Li jumps onboard the
	moving boat.

	Lee starts to turn for the stairs, running down towards the
	stern.



	Lee and Carter run up to the stern at the same time --
	watching helplessly as Hu Li gets away in the speed boat.

	Carter turns his head, sees --

	-- STEVEN REIGN at the other end of the boat, watching Hu Li
	escape, not at all behaving like a panicky billionaire should
	during a gangland shooting.  Wordlessly, Reign disappears
	back into the shadows.



	The yacht is anchored.  A few TRIADS led away in handcuffs. 
	Thrown into PATROL CARS that have surrounded the docks.

	Sterling, Chin, Lee and Carter on the dock.


		Quite a night, Inspector.  Ricky Tan was
		our only bait, and now he's gone.  You
		finally got your revenge - at the
		expense of a U.S. Government
		investigation.


		What "revenge" is he talking about?


		I don't know if the Fu-Cang-Long paid
		you to get rid of Tan, or whether it was
		a pure vendetta killing -- but you're
		off this case.  I don't ever want to see
		you again, you got that?


		Hey, you, Secret Service Man, what are
		you --


		Stay out of it, Carter.  You're going
		back to L.A.


		Fine with me.

	Sterling walks away disgusted.


		I'm sorry Lee, but my orders are to
		fully cooperate with the Secret Service.

	Lee nods a respectful but bitter acknowledgment.  Chin
	motions for two uniformed Hong Kong police officers to
	approach.


			
		Escort Detective Carter to the airport --


		I'll take him.


		Hell no.

	The Hong Kong police officers produce HANDCUFFS.  Beat.


			
		Fine.  But don't expect me to talk to
		you.

	Carter stalks off.


		Don't push me, Carter.  I'm in no mood
		for your bullshit.

	Carter gets in Lee's face.  The two men look like they're
	about to come to blows.


		What are you gonna do about it,
		grasshopper?


		I'll bitch slap you into Bangkok.


		Give me your best shot, you flat assed
		mama's boy.


		Don't be talking about my mama.  Or my
		ass!


		I heard your mama pulls a rickshaw.


		No.  She's a school teacher.


		You're not very good at this, are you?


		Good at what?   


		Forget it.

	A long beat while Lee considers what to say.


		Five years ago, my father was Chief
		Inspector working a big international
		smuggling case.


		Ask me if I give a shit.

	Lee waits a beat, then drops the bombshell.


		Ricky Tan killed my father.

	Carter is suddenly all ears, listening intently now to Lee.


		He found out his partner, Tan, had been
		working for the Triads all along.
			
		Before my father could prove it, he was
		killed in the line of duty.


		How the hell did Tan get away with it?


		All the evidence against him
		disappeared, the smuggling case was
		unsolved.  Tan resigned and went over to
		the Triads openly.


			
		This is about your Daddy's death?  Hell,
		Lee, you know my father died on the job. 
		You could have told me...
			
		This is about more than all that, isn't
		it?  This is about your Daddy's last
		case, right?

	Lee's caught, fibs badly.


		No, no, that would be crazy --


		You thought the "Customs Agents get
		blown up" and "smuggling" and "Ricky
		Tan" and you put it all together and
		came up with a five year old case. 
		That's why you didn't tell me what we
		were doing...


		I thought you'd think it was crazy.





		I know.  I know.  I am sorry.

	Lee inclines his head, stiffly, turns and walks toward his
	car.  Carter watches him.  Finally he rolls his eyes and
	yells.


		So are you getting on the plane or not?!


		What?


		Come on, we still got time to order the
		Kosher meal.  Always get the kosher
		meal, they bring it first.


		I cannot go to LA...

	Carter steps close, and for a second we see the man and the
	cop beneath the attitude.


		It sounds impossible --


		You said --


		-- but if somebody gave me the chance to
		square up my father's death, I'd go to
		hell to do it.

	Carter turns, walks away without looking back.


		You want to figure out why they killed
		your Daddy, get on the plane.


		Why LA?


			
		I guess you're going to have to trust me
		on this one.



	Carter and Lee are getting comfortable among all the other
	passengers, preparing to take off.  Lee has a moment of
	doubt.


		I should go back.  Ricky Tan mentioned a
		boat in Hong Kong Harbor...


		Lee, let me introduce you to the Carter
		Theory of Criminal Investigation: Follow
		the Rich White Man.


		Follow the Rich White Man?


		Almost, but you've got to say "Rich
		White Man" all run together like it's
		one word.


		Follow the RichWhiteMan...


		Not bad.  Now every crime, somewhere,
		has a rich white man taking his cut. 
		Every single one.  Now in our case, we
		know the rich white man is Steven Reign.


		Who?


		Big hotel billionaire.  He was on Ricky
		Tan's boat ordering Hu Li around just
		before Ricky got smoked.


		How do you know he's our man?


		Because when the shooting started he was
		way too cool.  See most white people,
		when there's shooting, they either hide
		in a toilet or start screaming high
		pitched like "Aaaahhh!!! Aaaahh!!!!


		You sound like that all the time.


		Black people keep their cool when the
		shit goes down.


		Maybe.  But not like Asians.  We never
		panic.


		Yeah, what about when Godzilla was
		coming?  You people were screaming your
		asses off.


		Just tell me where I can find this
		Steven Reign.


		The same place you find all
		RichWhiteMen.
			
		Gefilte Fish.  Lox and bagel.  I love
		this stuff.  Here, try it with a smear.





	Carter standing at a window holding high-powered binoculars.

	Lee standing next to him.  WE ARE:



	Cartons of Chinese food are all over the sleazy, run down
	hotel room.  The LIGHTS LOW, the curtains open a crack.



	Traveling up the side of the Reign Hotel.  Stopping at the
	penthouse floor - where we see ISABELLA talking with Steven
	Reign in a hotel room.  After a BEAT, Reign walks to the
	door.

	Carter flips the binoculars to Lee, who starts watching.


		Yeah, that's definitely the woman from
		Ricky Tan's boat, and she's staying in
		his suite at his hotel, I told you this
		would work out.  They still just
		talking?


		He just left.  Kissed her on the cheek.


		He'll be back soon.


		How do you know?


		Look at her.  Now, wake me in an hour,
		I'll take over.

	Lee lowers the binoculars, turns to Carter, who is trying to
	sleep on the bed.


		Carter, there's something I have to tell
		you.  You were right about what you said
		in Hong Kong.  All I do is work.  Never
		take a day off.  It's all I have right
		now.


		Hey, I didn't mean to call you pathetic.


		The truth is, I haven't had any mu-shu
		in six months.


		You pull a muscle or something?


		My fiancee left me over the summer -- a
		month before our wedding.


		I'm sorry, Lee.  Why did she leave you?


		It's a long story.


		Let me guess, she couldn't handle the
		cop thing -- never knowing if you were
		dead or alive.  I've seen it a million
		times.


		No.  It was my singing.


		Excuse me?


		She hated my voice.  Said it drove her
		crazy.  I sang to her all the time - in
		bed - in the shower - I thought she
		liked it.  She finally told me it was
		driving her crazy.

	Carter stares at Lee for a long BEAT.


		Lee, maybe it's best if we don't discuss
		our personal lives.  Let's die curious.

	LEE LIFTS THE BINOCULARS - turns back to the building.


		What's she doing?



	She walks to the bedroom, where we see her through SHEER
	CURTAINS.  Slowly taking off her coat.


		Lee?  You okay?

	Lee's eyes go wide as Isabella drops her coat and starts to
	unbutton her blouse.


		She's just standing around -- not doing
		much.


		Just don't fall asleep.  Sooner or later
		something's gonna happen.


		I'll try to stay awake.  It's so boring.

	Isabella starts to remove her blouse.  Lee starting to sweat
	as he watches her undress.


		Slow down, baby.


		What did you say?


		Nothing.  I said nothing.

	Lee lowers his binoculars, steps away from the window.


		Is it hot in here?


		Hot?  I'm freezing my ass off.


		I'm gonna go in the hall and get a
		bucket of ice.  You want some ice?


		What's going on?  

	Lee stares at Carter, looks dazed.


		She's getting undressed.


		Gimme the binoculars.


		No.  It's not right.


		Gimme the binoculars or I will shoot
		you.

	Lee hands Carter the binoculars, then turns his back as
	Carter watches to the window.


		What's she doing?


		Oh, sweet glory hallelujah...


		I don't want to hear this.


		Skirt just came off.  She's in black bra
		and panties -- Victoria Secret Spring
		Catalogue, page 27 -- wait a sec -
		there's a tattoo on her left thigh... it
		looks like Snoopy.


		Snoopy?  I love Snoopy.


		She just took her hair down.  Now she's
		going for the bra -- the clasp is in
		front -- she's using both hands.
			
		You better get that ice.

	Lee steps in front of Carter, blocking his view.


		That's enough.  We shouldn't be doing
		this!

	Isabella suddenly drops undressing and walks back to the
	living room to pick up the PHONE.  We see her clearly now in
	bra and panties.


		This is our job.  We took an oath as
		police officers.  If we don't do this,
		who will?  Firemen?

	Lee backs off, and Carter steps back to the window.  He sees
	Isabella hang up the phone.


		Wait a sec - what the hell is that
		between her legs?


		What?


		She's reaching into her panties --
		something is strapped to her leg.  Oh,
		God...please don't let it be a dick.


		What is it?


		No, I don't believe this shit -- it's a
		microphone.  Lee, she's wired...



	As she turns to the window.  A TAPE RECORDER in hand.  She
	puts the recording device away, walks back into the bedroom
	and puts on a robe.


		I don't understand?


		She's walking back towards the door.



	We see Isabella wearing a robe - standing at the door of her
	hotel room talking with someone.


		She opened the door.  Someone is
		delivering a package.



	Inside the hotel room WE SEE HU LI handing her a package.


		Lee...it's the girl who delivered the
		package to your office.  It's a bomb!

	Lee and Carter bolt on the move - sprinting out of the room.



	Isabella closes the door.  She BRINGS THE BOMB WITH HER as
	she walks into the bedroom --



	Carter and Lee run across the street, heading towards the
	entrance of the hotel.



	Lee and Carter sprint out the Penthouse Elevators, running
	down the hallway.



	Isabella takes her robe off, glances at the package, picks it
	up and starts to open it as Lee and Carter come BURSTING
	THROUGH the BEDROOM DOOR.




	Carter and Lee stare at Isabella, who stands in bra and
	panties.


		Damn girl, you fine.

	Lee lowers his eyes as Isabella looks at him, grabbing the
	BOMB, Carter following him as they sprint out the bedroom.



	Lee and Carter run out the suite - Lee throwing the BOMB
	toward the END OF THE HALL as he and Carter dive to the
	floor.

	Nothing happens.

	Lee looks up, SEES a HOTEL EMPLOYEE pushing a room service
	CART, about to walk right past the package --




	Lee and Carter run back to the bomb.


		Pick it up!


		It's your turn!


		I don't need a turn!

	Carter picks it up, starts running with it through the hall,
	heading for the elevator.


		Throw it!

	Carter is about to throw it in, when HE SEES AN OLDER COUPLE



		Do you want us to hold the elevator?


		Get the hell away from here!

	Carter is still holding the bomb, doesn't know what to do
	with it --


		Stairs!

	Carter throws him the bomb, and Lee runs to the stairs --



	Lee is about to throw the bomb down the stairwell -- when he
	sees TWO MAIDS WALKING toward him.


		Get out of the building!

	Lee looks horrified as he hangs onto the package, has no
	choice but to throw it back to Carter.


		Roof!



	Lee and Carter burst through the roof door - Carter trying to
	hold the bomb as far away from himself as possible. 
	He looks over the side for a place to dump it - the streets
	are filled with PEOPLE AND CARS.


		Wait!  There's people down there!


		There's people up here!


		Get it out of here!


		Take it!

	Lee takes the bomb, quickly ROLLS IT across the roof -- Lee
	and Carter diving to the ground once again as the bomb slides
	to the center of the roof - COMING TO A STOP RIGHT IN FRONT
	OF ISABELLA.  She's wearing a bathrobe now, clearly pissed
	off as she slowly bends down and picks up the package.


		Get on your feet.

	Lee and Carter stand and face Isabella - watch as Isabella
	begins to open the package.


		I wouldn't do that!!!


		It's a bomb.

	Isabella opens the package, removing a stack of a HUNDRED



		You see, no bomb.  Now stay away before
		I throw you both in jail for
		obstruction.


		Throw us in jail?  I'm about to bust you
		right now.


		I'm an undercover agent for the United
		States Secret Service.


		How do we know you're not lying?  Let me
		see your badge.

	Isabella opens her bathrobe -- WE SEE a small BADGE pinned to
	her bra.


		Let me see it again?


		We can help you.  I'm a detective in
		Hong Kong.


		I know who you are, Inspector Lee.


		Then you know I'm not walking away from
		this case.


		Yeah, that's right.


		We need to get out of sight.  Come down
		to my suite.




			
		Look, I've been working this case for
		months now...


		So what's your story?


		They think I'm a crooked customs agent.

	Lee examines the stack of HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS from Hu Li's
	package.  Carter checks out the suite, pocketing some of the
	food from the mini fridge.


		Is this a payoff?


		No.  It's a sample.  You guys ever heard
		of the Superbill?


		It's a myth.  Some kind of counterfeit.


		It's much more than a counterfeit.  14
		out of 15 world banks can't tell the
		difference.  The paper is Crane linen
		blend -- and the bills are printed on
		U.S. Intaglio presses.


		How're they getting into the U.S. Mint
		to use the presses?


		In 1959, the United States was very
		friendly with the Shah of Iran.  We
		wanted his oil, so for the Shah's
		birthday, the government gave him a gift
		-- a U.S. Treasury Intaglio press.  The
		only one to ever leave the country. 
		Five years ago Ricky Tan bought that
		press on the black market.


		Five years ago?!  
			
		That's right before he left the force.

	Lee and Carter exchange looks.


		It wasn't hard to spot the fakes until
		this past year.  Then Tan got hold of
		one of a kind Swiss made hundred dollar
		plates -- and started making superbills.


			
		And Hu Li killed him for the plates.


		Yes.  They've printed and shipped one
		hundred million dollars, and there's
		only one way to spot a fake.

	Isabella lights a HUNDRED DOLLAR BILL on fire, and it burns



		They use an optical transfer ink from
		India that burns red -- the real ink
		burns black.


		What the hell are they going to do with
		a hundred million dollars in funny
		money?


		The real question is, where are the
		plates?  If we can find the plates, we
		can stop the whole operation.

	Isabella thinks for a beat.


		Maybe that's where you can help us. 
		Carter, this is your city, right?

	Carter nods.


		And Lee, you know Hu Li and the Triads?

	Lee nods.


		Okay, find out where Hu Li's keeping the
		plates.
			(hands Lee a card with a phone
			 number)
		Welcome aboard, gentlemen.  From this
		moment on, you're working for the United
		States Secret Service.

	Isabella opens the door to let Lee and Carter out.  They exit
	quickly, trying to hide their excitement.  CAMERA STAYS on
	Isabella as she takes out her CELL PHONE, punches in a
	number.


		Sterling.


		Lee and Carter are officially out of the
		Secret Service's way...



	Lee and Carter, both wearing dark sunglasses, walk through
	the street trying their best to look like Secret Service
	Agents.  They approach Carter's parked VETTE.


		Secret Service Agent Carter.  This is my
		calling, Lee. 
		Give me six months and I'll be in
		Washington protecting a white guy.


		We both know you would never take a
		bullet for someone else.


		They don't know that.  What are they
		gonna do, try and shoot the President
		during the interview?  I'll bet Isabella
		can pull some strings.  You saw the way
		she was staring at me.


		She never even looked at you.


		You're just jealous 'cos the girl picked
		me.  I'm tall, dark and handsome, you're
		third world ugly.


		I am not third world ugly.  Women like
		me, they think I'm cute.  Like Snoopy.


		Snoopy is about six inches taller than
		you.  I'm sorry, Lee, you never had a
		chance.

	Carter's had the last word, he gets into the Vette.  Lee
	reluctantly gets in, too.



	Carter's Vette pulls up in front of a hole in the wall.  



	Carter and Lee pass through the restaurant, only two tables
	are occupied.



	Carter and Lee enter the busy kitchen where the OWNER, a
	BLACK MAN named KENNY, is yelling in Chinese to an over
	worked waiter.  Kenny's wife, a spectacular looking Chinese
	woman, works the stove.  A couple of cute half-black, half
	Asian kids run around the kitchen.


		Kenny!  How you doin'?

	Kenny looks up at Carter.  A cool, appraising glance.


		How's the action tonight?  The house
		making out okay?

	Kenny follows as Carter opens a door to --



	MEN seated around several card tables, playing MAH-JONGG for
	big money.  Lee and Kenny follow Carter inside.  It's very
	smokey and very crowded.


			
		This is where I say I'm LAPD in a loud
		voice, they all scream and run and shit. 
		Watch.  It's real funny.

	Kenny grabs Carter's shoulder, pulling him aside.


		Come with me.



	Kenny leads Carter and Lee in, closes the door.


		Hear you got your ass kicked in Hong
		Kong, James.


		What??  Where'd you hear that?


		I got my sources.


		And I got mine, meaning you.  Nice how
		that works out.
			
		I'm serious this time, I'm closing this
		place down.


		James, you see my kids back there?  You
		know how much I'm paying for private
		school?  How can you come in here with
		this attitude, you being little Chang's
		godfather?


		Little Chang is gonna have to go visit
		his daddy in jail if you don't
		cooperate.


		Jail!?  James, you better back off. 
		Badge or no badge, I'll kick your ass.


		I'd like to see you try.

	Kenny takes a step back and throws a lightning fast martial
	arts move.  Lee gets in front of Carter to protect him --
	countering Kenny's move.


			
		We're on, then.

	Kenny throws out another precision martial arts sequence --
	Lee BLOCKS -- Kenny ends in an advanced fighting stance.


			
		That's a good Twisting Tiger -- where
		did you learn that?

	They switch to Chinese.


		Master Ching taught me.


		The Praying Mantis school, in Bejing?


		No.  Freddy Ching's, in Crenshaw.

	Lee smiles, Carter looks back and forth from Lee to Kenny.


		What are you doing hanging out with Baby
		Duck?


		Baby Duck?


		That's what we all used to call him when
		he was a kid -- cause he was always
		quacking.  Never shut up.


		I heard that.

	Lee and Kenny laugh.


		Look, I need some info and I don't have
		time to play around.


		Is this about the funny money?


		How'd you know?


		You've been asking loud questions in all
		the wrong places all morning.  How come
		you always save me for last, James? 
		When are you gonna learn.  Shit don't
		happen I don't know about.


		So tell me what you know.


		I know Teddy Wu is cranking out a pretty
		good double sawbuck -- but you knew that
		too, didn't you?


		Yeah.  We already been there.  This is
		big, Kenny.  Benjamins.  Secret Service
		calls 'em superbills.  Banks can't even
		tell the difference.

	Kenny considers this for a moment.


		What?


		One of my regulars lost fifty thousand
		dollars at the table here last week.  I
		was about to send my boys down to tune
		his ass up, when the guy comes in and
		pays off the whole thing.  Including the
		vig -- brand new sequential hundred
		dollar bills.  I knew something was
		wrong.  Cause this guy's got a regular
		job, no way he comes up with fifty grand
		in cash. 
		But I tested the bills, infrared.  The
		whole thing.  And they checked out. 



		Do you still have the bills?


		I still have my lunch money from third
		grade.


		Lemme see 'em.

	Kenny pushes a Chinese painting aside to reveal a WALL SAFE. 
	He opens the safe and hands Carter a $100 bill.  Carter
	checks it out.


		See.  It's perfect.

	Carter takes out a LIGHTER and holds the flame to it.


		Whoa, what are you doing?

	Kenny's question is answered as the BILL BURNS BRIGHT RED.


			
		I knew it.  The guy's name is Zing.  He
		works at the kitchen at Reign Plaza.


		All right, Kenny.  Thanks.  You're off
		the hook.  For now.

	Carter and Lee move for the door.


		You sure you guys don't want to stay and
		have a bite?  My wife's got the best mu
		shu this side of Compton.

	Carter and Lee exchange a look as we CUT TO:



	Establishing.  Carter and Lee park their car and walk inside.



	Carter and Lee enter.


			
		We're looking for a guy named Zing.  Is
		he here?

	Zing hears Carter, turns and sees them.  Then RUNS.  Carter
	and Lee exchange looks and run after him.



	Zing sprints down an employee hallway, through a doorway and
	down some stairs.  Carter and Lee in pursuit.



	Carter and Lee burst out the door at the bottom of the
	stairway -- coming almost face to face with --



	Who has her gun out.  Waiting for them.  ISABELLA is standing
	near by, and ZING is visible off to the side.  An 18-WHEELER
	in the loading bay is just being shut and locked.  A LIMO is
	parked beside it.

	Lee and Carter both assume fighting positions.  When most of
	the other WORKERS pull guns; other TRIAD SOLDIERS step out,
	putting their guns close on Lee and Carter.  They can't blink
	without getting mowed down.


			
		The great Chief Inspector Lee -- I will
		be remembered for ridding the Triads of
		your petulance.

	Hu Li savors the moment.


		I hope you just said I have no business
		being here, 'cos I was just leaving.

	Carter starts to leave, and Hu Li trains her gun on him,
	freezing him in his tracks.  Isabella slowly walks several
	feet, ending up behind Lee as she speaks.


		Hu Li, I think there's someone who will
		want to talk to them first.

	Hu Li looks at Isabella, nods an acknowledgement.  BANG!  Lee
	falls.  Isabella's knocked him out from behind with the butt
	of her gun.

	BANG!  Carter drops to one knee as Hu Li POUNDS him across
	the jaw with her fist.


		...oh, that's a filling right there. 
		That's gonna cost you.

	Hu Li lunges forward and KICKS Carter, sending him backwards.


		Put them in the truck.

	The WORKERS pick up Lee, bring him to the back of the truck.


		I should kill you right now, but I'm
		gonna let you live, 'cause you're fine,
		and maybe you can be reformed.

	The WORKERS start towards Carter.  He holds up his hands.


		No more hitting.  I'll get in the truck
		myself.

	As Carter walks towards the truck by Hu Li, they exchange a
	look of sheer hatred.  As soon as he passes by her, Hu Li
	COLDCOCKS Carter with her gun.



	The eighteen wheeler, the limo and the black Lincoln Town car
	pull out of the loading dock, headed for the highway.



	The truck pulls onto a HIGHWAY, the LIMO close behind it.



	LEE and CARTER are in the back with crates filled with MONEY.

	They're both in pain, trying to recover from the head blows. 
	Carter is flexing his battered body.


		Are you okay?


		What's the first thing I told you --
		never trust nobody.  How could you fall
		for that shit?  I knew she was dirty.


		She saved our lives.


		For how long?  Face it, Lee, she's
		playing both sides.

	Lee looks disappointed.


		Look, man I'm sorry.  I know you got a
		thing for her.


		Shhh, my head hurts.


		I'm about to be killed and you "Shhh"
		me!  This wasn't my case, Lee.  Ricky
		Tan didn't kill my father, the Fu-Cang
		Long are not in South Central.  I didn't
		have to help you.


		Why did you help me?


		It doesn't matter.

	Lee thinks about this for a BEAT.


		I'm not used to having a partner.


		We are not partners.  Between your
		daddy, my daddy, and the beating I just
		took, as far as I can tell all partners
		get you is dead.


		Well we're not friends.


		You got that right.  And we ain't
		brothers.  Maybe we should just end this
		right here.


		Fine with me.


		I won't talk to you, you don't talk to
		me.  We'll die in peace.


		See you in the next world.




		I don't believe in reincarnation.  So I
		won't see you in the next world.


		Fine. 


		I believe in heaven.  You people believe
		in heaven?


		Yes.  We have heaven.


		Is it the same heaven, or is it a
		Chinese heaven?


		What's a Chinese heaven?


		I thought it might be like those five
		foot and under basketball leagues.  They
		don't let everybody in.


		I think we should stop talking.


		Fine by me.




		You thinking about that girl that dumped
		you?


		No.


		If she was the right girl, you'd be
		thinking about her.


		Mind your own business.


		How was the sex?


		There was no sex.  She was very
		traditional.  We were waiting until we
		were married.


		You're kidding.  No sex?  Nothing?  No
		mu-shu?


		No mu-shu.


		What about a little king pao chicken?


		No kung pao chicken.  Never.


		Steamed dumplings?


		Once in a while, steamed dumplings.  But
		only when she was drunk.


		That's rough, man.  If I don't get
		steamed dumplings once a week, I go
		crazy.


		Tell me the truth, Carter.  Do you think
		I have a good voice?


		Are you serious?


		Forget it.  It doesn't matter.

	Lee turns away from Carter.


		As long as you're asking...I think you
		have a pretty good voice.


		I knew it.  What does she know.  You
		want me to sing something?


		That depends.  How do the Fu-Cang-Long
		usually kill their victims?


		They'll probably torture us first, shock
		our privates, then put two bullets in
		our eyes and one in the back of the
		head.


		Go ahead.  Sing your ass off.

	Lee clears his voice.


		Did you happen to see the most beautiful
		girl in the world...and if you did, was
		she crying, crying...hey!



	The 18-WHEELER drives by followed by the LIMO.



	Hu Li and Isabella sit in the back of one of the limos that
	is driving behind the truck.  Hu Li is on the car phone.


		Don't worry, the plates are safe.  Yes,
		the dragon's been fed.

	She HANGS UP and glances at Isabella, who is doing her best
	to appear completely uninterested.



	The LIMO splits off from the 18-WHEELER.



	Carter works at opening one of the crates.  Lee steps up,
	takes a deep breath, searches the crate looking for the sweet
	spot, and PUNCHES a hole in one of the thick boards.  They
	start prying the crate open.


		Very nice.


		It's focus.  Every opponent has a weak
		spot.  You ignore everything around you,
		and put all your energy into one perfect
		strike.


		I'll remember that next time I'm
		fighting a box.

	Carter opens the crate -- it's filled with SUPERBILLS, about
	$1,000,000 worth.  He tosses a stack to Lee.


		Hello, Benjamin.


		Who's Benjamin?


		Benjamin Franklin, he discovered
		electricity.


		A Chinese man discovered electricity.


		No Chinese man discovered electricity.


		Yes he did.  He also invented the
		bicycle.


		Now that I believe.

	Carter pockets two stacks of superbills.  Lee looks at him.


		You never know.  Besides, I always
		wanted to die rich.

	The truck lurches.


		We're slowing down.  This must be it.


		End of the line.


		You've been a good friend, James Carter.


		Oh no you don't.  Don't you be getting
		corny on me, Lee.  I'll kick your ass
		from here to Compton.


		You could never kick my ass.  You mama's
		boy.


		Don't you talk about my mama.
			
		That's more like it.



	The truck is parked in the underground loading docks.  It's
	approached by FOUR TRIAD SOLDIERS.  Soldier #1 opens the
	TRUCK'S DOUBLE DOORS to find.

	Lee and Carter are gone.  Except for boxes of money, the
	truck bed is EMPTY.

	Two soldiers enter the truck bed.



	Lee and Carter WEDGED up against the CEILING of the truck
	bed.  Above the doors and over the soldiers.

	Lee and Carter SWING DOWN in unison -- knocking both soldiers
	to the ground.  In the next instant:



	still holding on to the door frame -- swings and backflips
	onto the roof of the truck.



	who swings onto the ground -- grabbing one of the guards to
	use a shield as gunfire erupts.

	Lee jumps off the truck, knocking the last guard to the
	ground.  He then grabs the guard Carter is using as a shield
	and together THEY SWING him into the truck -- KNOCKING DOWN
	the first two guards.

	Carter and Lee slam the back doors SHUT -- bolting them
	CLOSED and run like hell - scrambling into what looks like
	the closest way out:

	A LARGE OPEN PIPE on the side of the tunnel.



	Lee and Carter run through - it extends out from the
	underground loading docks.


		This way.  I see some lights.

	Lee and Carter spot a tiny sliver of light coming through a
	MANHOLE COVER.  They start climbing up the metal stairs that
	lead up to the street.



	The blvd.'s packed with PEOPLE and CARS.  



	Lee and Carter coming up from the manhole -- standing
	together in stunned disbelief as they look out at the LAS
	VEGAS STRIP.  They cover their eyes, blinded by the greatest
	light show in the world.


		Vegas...


		Lee.  I just got an idea how someone
		could launder a hundred million dollars
		in cash.

	They both turn around and come FACE TO FACE WITH:

	A TEN-STORY DRAGON.  Fire shoots from its nostrils every 60




	FIRE BALLS BLOW out over the strip as Lee and Carter look up
	at the RED DRAGON.  The HUGE NEON SIGN READS: GRAND OPENING -


	Lee and Carter come out of the sewer.


		Red Dragon.


		That was the name of Ricky Tan's boat.

	Lee and Carter watch as limos pull up to the front of the
	hotel -- it's like a HOLLYWOOD PREMIERE.  The richest of the
	rich are making their way inside.


		Let's go.


		Wait a second.  We can't go in like
		this.  Look at this place, we gotta look
		fly.  We gotta Mac out.


		What is Mac out?


		Follow me my Asian brother.

	Carter and Lee start to walk away.


		Just stay down wind, because I think you
		stepped in some serious rat shit down
		there.



	Lee and Carter are walking into the upscale clothing store.



	As they enter, a SALESMAN approaches them.


		May I help you gentlemen?

	Carter flashes his biggest smile as he pulls out a stack of
	superbills.


		Black.  42-long.  Nothing touches this
		body but pure silk.  And get my partner
		something from the children's
		department.

	Carter puts his hand on Lee's shoulder.


		Would your partner like silk as well?  I
		personally like it when a couple
		matches.

	Carter takes his hand off Lee's shoulder.


		Couple?  No, you got it wrong, there's
		no couple here.  Just two single police
		officers working a very dangerous case.


		Yes.  We have lots of big men chasing
		us.


		I'm sure all the boys are chasing you
		two.  Don't worry, I'll make you guys
		the bell of the ball.

	He WINKS as he walks off, and Carter looks at Lee.


		This is the last time I go shopping with
		you.



	Lee and Carter enter frame, dressed to kill - perfectly
	tailored couture Versace suits, gold watches, the whole bit. 
	Le is awkward in "player" guise.


			
		Remember, Lee, you're a player now.  You
		own the place.

	Carter pulls out his ALTOIDS, and he and Lee each take one as
	they walk through the doors.


		I own the place.



	Carter STRUTS through the lobby, Lee doing his best to
	imitate Carter's pimp and roll.  THEY WALK PAST THE GIANT



		That looks exactly like my Uncle
		Darrell.


		Buddha is the symbol of luck and good
		fortune.


		Buddha is the symbol for fat and lazy. 
		The man has the biggest tits in Asia.

	They are moving through the MAIN ENTRY HALL lined with TERRA
	COTTA CHINESE SOLDIERS - posed and dressed for battle.

	RICKSHAWS and BICYCLES take people through the hotel.  The
	MAIN CASINO is roped off and empty.  People crowded around
	the perimeter - a sign reads:


		$50,000 buy in -- EVERYBODY'S A WINNER!

	The LIGHTS DIM - a spotlight comes on and finds STEVEN REIGN
	on the balcony overlooking the ENTRANCE.


		A thousand years ago, a small, wealthy
		village in China hired a young Dragon to
		guard their treasure in a cave, hoping
		to scare off potential bandits.  Their
		plan worked quite well, until the people
		of the village started sneaking the
		Dragon extra food -- hoping to make him
		bigger and stronger.  The Dragon ate so
		much and grew so big -- that he
		eventually got stuck inside the cave --
		and the treasure was stuck behind him
		for all eternity.
			
		Ladies and gentlemen, I have found that
		lost treasure.  It is here, inside the
		greatest casino in the world!  Welcome
		to the Red Dragon, where everybody is a
		winner!

	Reign smiles, flips a switch -- the CASINO COMES TO LIFE. 
	Fireworks, bright lights, endless rows of tables, dealers
	waiting.

	A BAND PLAYS on a stage in the casino lounge.

	Chinese ACROBATS perform suspended from the ceiling and on
	the balconies above.

	Applause all around as the FLAME shoots out of the dragon's
	nostrils and the acrobats perform.  Carter and Lee walk down
	the red carpet.


			
		Bring us some twelve-year old scotch...
			
		Get us a box of your finest cigars.
			
		Give me ten dollars in nickels.





	Dice ROLLING on a craps table.


		Winner!  Seven!

	We see BLACKJACK DEALERS BUSTING - paying out CUSTOMERS.

	Hundred dollar slot machines paying out jackpots.

	GAMBLERS winning all over the casino.  Then going to the main
	cage and exchanging their chips for SUPERBILLS.


		Look at this place, Lee.  The biggest
		front in the world.

	As people pour into the casino, Steven Reign is making his
	way through the crowd, shaking hands and posing for pictures.


		Carter...here comes the rich white man.


		Wait here.  I'll handle this.

	As Carter walks off, a WOMAN grabs Lee and pulls him onto the
	dance floor.



	The woman spins to face Lee, her face half-hidden under the
	dance floor lights.


		Put your arms around me.


		Excuse me?

	Isabella grabs him around the waist, pulls him close.


		Hold me close.  There's cameras
		everywhere.

	An ASIAN BAND sings STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT as Lee tries his
	best to slow dance.  An intimate moment between Isabella and
	Lee, her face nestled in the crook of his neck, hiding her
	face.


		What's going on?


		I need your help.


		Last time you needed my help I ended up
		in the back of a truck.


		I'm undercover.  I had no choice.  You
		have to trust me.

	Lee starts to get into the music, moving his hips in a slow,
	sensual rhythm.


		You move well.


		Just trying to make it look real.


		Look over there.  That's the eye in the
		sky room.

	Lee looks over her shoulder. 


		Behind me is the soft count room.  We're
		pretty sure the plates are back there.


		Why don't you go get them?


		If I'm wrong then my cover is blown.




	As Steven Reign makes his way through the casino, Carter
	steps right in front of him, giving him a big hug.


		Stevie, how's it going my man?  Somebody
		get a picture, we can use it for a mug
		shot.


		Detective Carter, you always seem to
		show up where you don't belong.


		Lemme ask you something, Steven.  And I
		want the truth.  Is there any way I can
		date your daughter?  Just dinner and a
		movie, maybe go listen to some jazz...


		Vegas has been my town for 30 years.  I
		crawled out from under the first rock. 
		Do you really think you can intimidate
		me here?


		You're right, you're a smart guy.  Most
		counterfeiters only get ten cents on the
		dollar.  But this is an even swap.  Pure
		genius.


		You play games with me, Detective, and
		you'll lose every time.  Don't forget. 
		The odds are always in favor of the
		house.

	Reign walks off with his men.  Carter watches him leave.



	Lee is dancing close with Isabella.


		The Secret Service almost busted Reign
		at his casino in Macao, but the place
		burned down before we could move in.


		How do I know I can trust you?


		Dip me!

	Lee dips her, holds her in his arms for a long BEAT.


		I'm asking for real now -- will you help
		the Secret Service?


		No.
			
		But I'll help you.

	Lee holds her for a long BEAT, their lips almost touching. 
	He finally lets her go, and she disappears into the crowd. 
	Carter walks up, sees Lee standing alone on the dance floor.


		Lee, what the hell are you doing?


		Dancing?


		Dancing?  I'm out here trying to strong
		arm Steven Reign, putting my life on the
		line, and you're up here dancing with
		some bimbo.  Did she have a friend?


		It was Isabella.  She says the plates
		are in the soft count room.

	Lee motions to the room, where WE SEE a SECURITY GUARD
	standing in front of a small door.


		Isabella?  Are you crazy, man?  She
		almost got us killed.  She's setting you
		up again!


		No.  I'm going to find out.


		Wait a second.  There's guards all over
		the place.  You'll need a distraction.

	Carter looks around the casino.


		I'll go to the craps table, make a big
		scene.  When security comes over, you
		make your move.  


		Try to keep them busy for five minutes.


		I'll give it my best shot.



	Carter walks up to a CRAPS TABLE, everyone turning to stare.


		Sir, you're aware that we require a
		fifty-thousand dollar buy in to gamble
		here this weekend?

	Carter throws a HUNDRED THOUSAND in $100 BILLS onto the
	table.


		I saw the sign, I can read.  Now gimme a
		hundred-thousand in chips.  And a Diet
		Coke and some wash-n-dries.  Let's move,
		people, I came to play.

	The DEALER pushes 100K worth of CHIPS in front of Carter.


		What the hell is that?


		Those are five hundred dollar chips.


		Did you give me five-hundred dollar
		chips because I'm black?


		No, I just assumed...


		You assumed a brother coming in here can
		only afford five-hundred dollars a roll,
		is that right?  Are you a racist?


		No, sir.


			
		Everyone else at the table has thousand
		dollar chips, but the black man gets the
		nickel, is that it?  Did my people
		survive two-hundred years of slavery so
		you could send us back to the cotton
		fields with five-hundred dollar chips? 
		Do I look like Chicken George to you?

	The PIT BOSS gets on his walkie-talkie.


		Floor security, we have a problem at
		table nine.



	The SECURITY GUARD lowers his walkie-talkie, starts moving
	towards Carter's table.



	TWO SECURITY GUARDS approach Carter's table.


		Answer me one question.  How come Ben
		Vereen isn't performing here at the
		hotel?  Is Ben Vereen not good enough
		for you people?


		Lionel Ritchie is performing here
		tonight.


		Lionel Ritchie hasn't been black since
		the Commodores.


		Sir, you're going to have to calm down.

	Carter watches as Lee moves past the guard and makes his way
	into the soft count room.


		I have a dream, where black people and
		white people can gamble together without
		getting different chips!

	A BIG CROWD has gathered as the Security Guards try and push
	their way through.  The pit boss picks up the phone, calls
	upstairs.


		Sing with me!  "We shall overcome!"

	Carter starts clapping, and the confused crowd joins in as
	the Security Guards move in.


		Thank you.  Now in the spirit of
		brotherhood, let's play craps!



	Lee walks into the hallway, moving like a cat as he hugs the
	walls and tries to make his way to the soft count room.

	He hears noise, TWO SECURITY GUARDS coming behind him through
	the casino door.  He has no choice but to crawl over the back
	of a money cart and hug the top.  He lies as still as he can,
	trying not to be seen -- until he realizes he's staring
	directly into the EYE IN THE SKY cameras that are in the
	ceiling.



	as he passes directly under the camera, clearly mouthing the
	words "oh shit" as he rolls by.

	Lee looks to his left, sees the SOFT COUNT ROOM -- a mountain
	of COUNTERFEIT SUPERBILLS that are waiting to be paid out. 
	On the opposite side, the REAL MONEY is being WHEELED OUT
	toward a waiting TRUCK that is parked at the back door.

	Lee sees two more cameras in the ceiling, knows his cover is
	blown.  He jumps down off the cart, is standing in front of
	the locked vault.  There's no way to get the plates. 
	Isabella has set him up again.

	He turns and smiles at the confused SECURITY GUARDS.


		Hi.  How's it going?  You guys have
		change for a twenty?

	The GUARDS make their move.  And Lee starts to fight them
	down the hall, using the cart as a shield as he RAMS into TWO
	MORE GUARDS, fights them off as he turns the corner toward
	the casino door -- but he gets slammed to the ground by a
	right cross.

	Hu Li threw the punch, a roll of quarters in her hand as she
	stands over him with FIVE TRIAD SOLDIERS.  She holds a knife
	to Lee's throat.


			
		Open your mouth.

	She puts the small grenade in Lee's mouth, tapes it shut. 
	She holds the detonator in her hand.


			
		That's a ying-tao grenade, Inspector. 
		Please follow me or I'll blow 32 teeth
		into your brain.



	A crowd has gathered behind Carter who is at the table
	rolling dice, a huge stack of chips in front of him.


		Winner six!


		How much is that?


		Two-hundred thousand!


		Two-hundred thousand dollars?  Who wants
		a hundred dollars?

	Carter turns to the MAN next to him, who wears a traditional
	AFRICAN ROBE and is standing with a giant blonde escort.


		Here, your highness, have a hundred
		dollars.  The Viagra is on me tonight!


			
		I am not royalty, sir.


		Don't say that, we're all royalty.  My
		great grandmammy was Queen Nephertit --
		we probably cousins, man.  How much you
		got on the table?


		One million.


		Yeah, we definitely cousins now.  Who
		wants to blow on my hand for luck?

	Carter turns to a BIG TEXAN who is standing with a GORGEOUS
	YOUNG GIRL who is falling out of her dress.


		Hey, Marlboro man, you mind if your lady
		blows on my hand for luck?


			
		She's not my lady.  She's my niece.


		Can I come over for Thanksgiving?  Come
		on, baby, give me some luck.

	The GIRL blows on the dice, and Carter stares down at her.


		Nice blowing.  When's your next
		birthday, I'll be the cake.


		Hey, buddy, watch yourself.


		Don't threaten me.  I got friends in
		this town that will bite off your ears. 
		Just sit tight, because I've got the
		dice and I am on fire!

	Carter throws the dice.


		Winner, seven!

	The table erupts as Carter grabs the dice.


		Let it ride!



	The elevator doors OPEN and Lee is led toward the eye in the
	sky room by Hu Li and the three Triads.  As they walk into
	the room, the Triads remain outside guarding the room.



	FORTY VIDEO MONITORS show every inch of the hotel.  A MAN
	stands in front of the two-way mirror looking down at the
	casino, the reflection off the glass obscuring his features.

	Lee has the tape around his mouth and his hands tied behind
	his back as he's led into the room by Hu Li.


		Imagine a business where people hand you
		money.  And you hand them back
		absolutely nothing.

	Ricky Tan - alive and well, turns around and stares at Lee. 
	Isabella is standing next to him.  Lee is shocked at the
	sight of Ricky Tan alive.


		Now that's a true American dream. 
		Thanks to a few pieces of metal and a
		very greed driven US Customs agent.

	Ricky Tan walks toward Lee, starts to smile.


		Look at you, you're ridiculous.  You
		know it didn't have to be like this. 
		But it's too bad!  Like father, like
		son.

	Lee stares at Isabella for a BEAT.  Hu Li motions to one of
	the monitors.


			
		He's going for the plates.

	Ricky Tan looks at one of the MONITORS, sees Steven Reign
	walking down a hallway, about to walk into the PENTHOUSE



		Look at this old fool, what does he
		think he's doing?

	Ricky Tan shifts his attention back to Lee.


		It's almost impossible to find a partner
		that's trustworthy and loyal.  Wouldn't
		you agree, Lee?



	We see Carter at the craps table having the time of his life. 
	Ricky Tan turns to walk out of the room, motioning to
	Isabella as he goes.


		Well, at least you will die with honor. 
		But choy Gien.

	SUBTITLES: "Won't see you again."



	Carter has two racks of chips in front of him, a huge crowd
	surrounding him.


		Winner!  Four, winner!


		I'm up a hundred and fifty-grand. 
		That's a Ferrari.  Do they sell those
		here in the gift shop?  Somebody cash me
		out!

	Several TRIAD SOLDIERS dressed like SECURITY GUARDS approach
	Carter's table.


		Sir, we'd like to escort you to the
		cashier.


		That would be great.  Don't want any of
		these rich white people to jump me.

	As they walk toward the door marked "VIP ROOM", Carter
	glances at the MEN, knows he's in deep shit.



	Ricky Tan turns to Hu Li.


		Chai Hu Li.
			
		Have fun.

	Ricky Tan walks out.  Hu Li holds the detonator up to Lee,
	plays with the button.


			
		In a few minutes...you'll beg me to push
		this button.

	Hu Li pulls her KNIFE, moves towards Lee.  She holds the
	blade to his face.  About to cut him.  When Isabella pulls
	her gun.

	Isabella walks toward Lee, whose hands are still tied behind
	his back.  Hu Li clutches the detonator in one hand, her
	knife in the other.  She takes a step toward Isabella.


		It's time to end this, Inspector.

	Isabella cocks the gun, spins back and kicks the detonator
	from Hu Li's hand -- slamming her against the wall and
	sticking the gun under her chin.


		Don't move!  United States Secret
		Service.

	Hu Li WHIPS her KNIFE around, catches Isabella across the
	hand -- the GUN SLIDING across the room near the detonator --
	the TWO WOMEN fight around it.

	Lee watches them almost step on it - dives to the floor and
	rolls toward the detonator.  He's about to grab it when:



	They're about to move in.


		Get the detonator!

	The Triads go for the detonator -- as Lee gets to his feet,
	KICKS Hu Li's legs out from under her.

	One of the Triads about to pick up the detonator - but Lee
	gets to him first.  He fights with one hand tied behind his
	back.

	Hu Li and Isabella fight it out in the EYE IN THE SKY ROOM.

	Lee gets kicked towards the Eye In The Sky WINDOW.



	Two security guards lead Carter away from the table when:



	An AIRBORNE Lee rockets through the EYE IN THE SKY WINDOW. 
	In a rain of glass, he lands HARD on the casino floor.

	The NOISE grabs everyone's attention, including:


		Lee!!

	The guards restrain him.


		Lemme ask you something.  Any of you
		ever felt $500,000 before?

	He SLAMS THE RACK OF CHIPS ACROSS THEIR FACES -- chips flying
	as the GUARDS hit the floor.


		Doesn't feel so good, does it?



	Hu Li picks up the detonator.  WHACK!  A heeled foot kicks it
	from her grasp.  Isabella has recovered!  The detonator FLIES




	On his back, Lee watches the detonator SAIL OVER HIS HEAD AND
	DISAPPEAR into the crowd.  It lands on a DRINK CART.  Before
	Lee can get there, a WAITRESS changes trays and carries the
	detonator on her rounds.

	Panicked, Lee searches for the detonator.  He JUMPS atop a
	BLACKJACK TABLE to get a better vantage.  He can't see it,
	but he does see:



	Carter on top of a CRAPS TABLE, keeping security guards at
	bay with a croupier stick.


		Black man gets on a hot streak and
		you're all trippin'?

	Carter and Lee see each other.  They have the same
	simultaneous though:


			
		Lee!


			


	Carter is Lee's only hope to get the bomb out of his mouth. 
	But from here to there, a MASS OF PEOPLE.  The quickest way
	is the HIGH WAY.

	Lee leaps from TABLE to TABLE.  Scattering playing cards. 
	Reaching the carpeted divide...Lee doesn't stop. 
	He launches off the bent-over back of a high roller --
	landing on a RICKSHAW, SURFING IT to the tables on the other
	side.

	Carter looks around for Lee, catches a glimpse of the Eye in
	the Sky Room.  He grins.


		Check it out.  Catfight!

	POW!  He socks a GUARD in the face.



	Isabella and Hu Li are locked in battle.  Rolling to the
	floor, they both see the gun.  They scramble over each other
	to get to it first.



	A security guard CLIMBS on the table to level Carter when Lee
	arrives.  He kicks the guard off and turns to Carter, his
	plea MUFFLED.


		What the HELL are you doing with tape on
		your face?

	No time to explain -- two more security guards arrive.  Kicks
	and punches fly, but Lee CAN'T GET HIT IN THE MOUTH!  He bobs
	and weaves, holding his hands to Carter to untie them in
	between swings.  Suddenly:

	BLAM!  BLAM!  BLAM!  GUNSHOTS from the Eye In The Sky Room.

	Everyone HITS THE DECK.  Carter and Lee dive on to the floor
	as panic ripples through the Casino.  People FLEE for the


	THE WAITRESS DESERTS HER TRAY.  It gets knocked over and TIPS
	on the floor.  The DETONATOR LANDS feet away from Carter.


		This can't be good.

	Lee's eyes BUG - he sees it too, feet STAMPEDING past it!  A
	high heel misses it by a fraction of an inch.  He LUNGES for
	it, manages to CRADLE it in his taped hands when --

	WHAM!  He is BUMPED and it FLIES AWAY.  The second it hits
	the floor, it is KICKED, skittering down the red carpet.

	ABOVE...the victor emerges in the Eye in the Sky Room.  Hu Li
	STEPS OUT on the PAGODA ROOF and JUMPS DOWN.  

	The DETONATOR ROLLS right past Hu Li.  As she bends to PICK
	up the detonator, Lee knows he won't get there in time. 
	Horrified, he SCREAMS at CARTER through the tape.

	Hu Li lifts the detonator.

	Carter finally pulls the TAPE OFF Lee's face.

	Lee SPITS the grenade into the air.


			
		Bomb!!!

	Hu Li HITS the TRIGGER just as it lands on a roulette table.



	The table is BLOWN OFF IT'S FOUNDATION.  Chips and cash
	volcano.  Hu Li is blown backwards by the force of the blast. 
	SHEER PANDEMONIUM grips the casino.



	Carter and Lee peer out from behind a row of slot machines. 
	The place is deserted.


		Why didn't you tell me you had a bomb in
		your mouth?


		I did!


		No you didn't!


		Yes I did.  I said MMMMMM!

	A hand on Carter's arm.  THIS IS SERIOUS.


		Ricky Tan is alive.


		What?!?!


		We have to get to the Penthouse.

	Lee jumps up, SPRINTS toward the elevators at the dragon end
	of the casino.


		Hold on!

	Carter stuffs his pockets with chips, then races after Lee. 
	But halfway up the carpet.  Carter stops.  Lee turns to see
	what is holding him up.  

	Hu Li SURVIVED the blast and Carter has turned to face her.


		You go after Ricky.  I got this.


		Carter...


		Just GO!

	Lee turns and runs off past the dragon.  Unfortunately, FIVE
	TRIADS block his path.  In a flurry of PUNCHES, Lee makes
	short work of them, and races toward the elevators.



	Each readying in their own manner.  Hu Li carefully wraps her
	long hair into a bun on top of her head.  Carter stretches,
	flexes, ready to sting like a bee.


		I'm not gonna hold you back this time
		just because you're a woman.  I'm gonna
		pretend you're a man.

	She pulls off her jacket, prepares to fight him in her
	undershirt.


		A very beautiful man with a perfect body
		who I'd like to take to the movies.

	She takes a sword from a Terra Cotta statue, SWINGS IT AROUND
	like a master.


		I may have been absent the day we went
		over this in karate class.

	Quick, Carter reaches for a fighting stick off a Terra Cotta
	soldier.  WHOOSH!  She SLICES IT IN HALF.  Carter reaches for
	another.  SLICE!  She's toying with him.



	Lee's in the elevator as the doors close.  SUDDENLY, a HAND
	cuts through, parting the doors.

	It's ISABELLA!  A wound on her shoulder.


		Are you okay?


		I'm fine.

	She steps in, too weak and starts to fall.  Lee grabs her and
	holds her in his arms.  HE gently helps her down.


		I didn't know which side you were on.


		Now you know.

	DING!  The elevator doors open.  Isabella holds up a ROOM KEY
	- the key to the SUITE.  Lee takes the key, backs away and
	steps into the elevator.


		I'll try to get backup.  Be careful.

	The elevator doors close.



	Steven Reign is closing the safe.  There are stacks of
	HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS on his desk, which he's putting in a
	black bag along with the plates.  As he turns around, he
	comes face-to-face with Ricky Tan.


		American's love to gamble.  Don't they,
		Mr. Reign?


		I'm cutting our deal short.  I'm
		leaving.


		And my plates?


		They stay with me.  I'm sure you won't
		have a problem with that.

	Reign shows Tan the gun in his belt.  Grabs the bag and
	starts to walk toward the door.


		I enjoyed that little story you told
		about the Dragon and the treasure.  My
		mother used to tell it to me all the
		time.  Do you know the moral of that
		story, Mr. Reign?


		Greed will imprison us all.

	Tan grabs Reign from behind and stabs him with a knife.


		I hate that fortune cookie shit.

	Lee BURSTS through the suite door - watches as Reign falls
	dead to the floor.  Ricky takes the black bag off the desk.


		Put the plates down.

	Ricky Tan looks down at the gun in Reign's belt.



	WHOOSH!  Another Terra Cotta fighting stick is in half in
	Carter's hands.


		Will you STOP?!?!
			
		What am I supposed to fight you with?

	No more toying.  Hu Li CHARGES Carter, who GRABS a ROULETTE
	WHEEL as a MAKESHIFT SHIELD.  She SLICES it in HALF!  He's
	got nowhere to hide.

	She JABS him with the sword.  Carter SCREAMS.  Falls back
	against the table, clutching his chest.  Hu Li WINDMILLS,
	kicking a Terra Cotta soldier on top of Carter, but --



	The DOUBLE-BLADED BAMBOO POLE in its hand ricochets back and
	she is PIERCED THROUGH THE SHOULDER with the blade.  Staring
	at Carter in stunned disbelief, she drops to her knees.

	Carter walks toward her, considers his options, then KICKS
	HER IN THE HEAD, knocking her out.


		When are you people gonna learn?  Don't
		mess with the brothas!

	WEAK in the KNEES, Carter looks to the SOUND ON HIS CHEST. He
	reaches through the slice in his jacket.  Instead of a hand
	covered in blood, it comes out with a THICK WAD OF CASH!


		Thank you, Benjamin!

	Carter runs for the elevator.



	Lee is walking toward Ricky Tan, the two men circling Reign's
	body.


		You're just like your father, Lee.  All
		these years hiding behind his badge.  I
		wanted to help him, to share with him,
		but he was too afraid of change.  When
		you think about it, I didn't really kill
		him.  I just put him out of his misery.


		Put the plates down.  It's over.


		I don't think it's over.  There are
		casinos all over this country.  Let me
		make you a rich man, Lee.  Don't make
		the same mistake he did.

	Ricky glances at the gun in Reign's belt.


		If you reach for that gun, I'm going to
		kill you.


		Don't you remember?  I'm already dead.

	Ricky makes a play for the gun, but Lee is much too fast,
	taking the gun and pushing Ricky against the wall just as
	Carter bursts in the room.


		Hey, Ricky, how's it going man?  What's
		up, Lee?

	Lee has the gun pressed to Tan's head.  We've never seen him
	like this before.


		Would you like me to tell you how your
		father died?


		Lee, you okay?

	Lee doesn't respond.  He keeps an eye on Ricky.


		He never begged for his life.  Or tried
		to make a deal.  All that he asked me,
		just seconds before I pulled the
		trigger, was that I promise not to kill
		you.

	Lee's finger is on the trigger -- he wants to pull the
	trigger but can't.


		Lee, wait a second.  It's not worth it,
		man.  He's making you do this.


		It's worth it to me.


		Do you have it in you, Lee?  Or are you
		gonna spend the rest of your life hiding
		like your father?


		C'mon, Lee.  He's going to jail.  You
		won, now just put the gun down.

	Lee is trying to pull the trigger, but he can't.


		That's what I thought.

	Tan takes the black bag and swings it toward Lee -- the
	plates hit him across the face and knock him down.



	Tan reaches for it and is about to pull the trigger when:

	Lee and Carter come flying at him TOGETHER.  Both KICKING HIM


	Tan falls back, SMASHING THROUGH THE WINDOW.  Lee tries to
	grab Tan's hand, their fingers touch for a split second.

	But Tan pulls his hand away and falls 20 STORIES to the
	street below.



	A TAXI is parked out front.  Tan's BODY SLAMS on the roof. 





	Lee and Carter are looking down at the street, both relieved
	it's finally over.  Carter puts his hand on Lee's shoulder.


		I don't know about you, but I need a
		wine cooler.

	As they turn to the door -- Hu Li is walking toward them,
	bleeding and half-dead.  She has ANOTHER BOMB IN HER HAND. 
	This one twice the size of the one from earlier.


			
		We'll go together, Inspector.


		Please tell me she just asked for a ride
		to the airport.

	Hu Li hits the switch - starts to smile.  Lee and Carter turn
	and RUN for the OPEN WINDOW.



	Lee and Carter DIVE OUT THE WINDOW, grab a cable just as the


	The FIREBALL SHOOTS out as they start to slide down the side
	of the hotel.



	Lee and Carter SWING toward a HUGE "GRAND OPENING" BANNER. 
	They flip under it, do a loop before they SLAM AGAINST THE


	It's KNOCKED LOOSE and they fall with it toward VEGAS BLVD.

	Lee and Carter hang on as they drop to the street.  A HUGE
	TRUCK speeds toward them as they hold on for their lives. 
	The entire STRIP SPEEDING toward them.


		I can't believe I flew ten-thousand
		miles for this shit!!

	They lift their feet just as the TRUCK PASSES.  The sign dips
	and they fall straight down into the open sunroof of a LARGE




	Lee and Carter land in the back.  Slam into their seats and
	try to catch their breath.  The TWO MEN STARTING TO LAUGH
	when they realize they're alive!


		We made it, man.


		No problem.

	Lee and Carter look up to see the VERSACE SALESMAN and FOUR
	OF HIS FRIENDS sitting in the back of the limo staring at
	them.  The BOYS are all drinking champagne and dressed for a
	night on the town.


		Well, there is a God after all.

	Lee and Carter exchange looks as the limo stops in front of
	the hotel.


		Here we are.  The Red Dragon hotel.

	In front of the hotel WE SEE FIRE TRUCKS, AMBULANCE, POLICE
	CARS and Isabella and Sterling arresting TWENTY TRIADS.


		We're all going gambling and then to see
		Siegried and Roy.  I hope you two are
		feeling lucky!



	Lee is talking with a bandaged Isabella, who is standing with
	Sterling and several other SECRET SERVICE AGENTS.  Lee and
	Isabella hug goodbye.  As she walks off to board her plane,
	Lee slowly walks back to Carter who is smiling.


		I saw that.  She kissed you, didn't she? 
		You played it cool, though.  Walking
		away, never looking back.


		She's going home to New York.  I need
		some ice.

	Lee and Carter watch as she gets on the plane.


		That your gate down there?


		Yes.


		I'm this way.  I guess this is goodbye.


		I guess so.  Thank you, Carter.


		You take care of yourself, Lee.

	Carter steps back, BOWS TO LEE.  Lee SHAKES CARTER'S HAND
	like a brother.  The two men smile.  Turn to walk away.


		Carter, wait.  There's something I want
		you to have.

	Lee pulls a BADGE from his pocket.  Hands it to Carter.


		Your father's badge?  No way, man.  I
		can't take this.


		It's okay.  I can finally let it go.

	Carter takes the badge.  Smiles.


		In that case, I got something for you. 
		I picked it up at the hotel.

	Carter pulls out a WAD OF CASH.


		What is this?


		About fifty grand.  I won it at the
		tables.


		No, Carter.  I can't take this.


		It's okay, I got lots more.

	Carter pulls out another wad of cash.


		They owe us, man.  That's the least they
		can do.


		This money is evidence.


		Come on, Lee.  Stop being a cop for five
		minutes and live it up.  There must be
		something you want.

	Lee looks back toward Isabella.


		I always wanted to go to Madison Square
		Garden.  See the Knicks play.


		New York City?


		First class.


		The Plaza Hotel?


		A little Mu-shu.


		Some Kung-Pao?

	They look at each other, smile.


		I could use a little vacation.


		Amen to that, brother.

	As Lee and Carter start to walk away together, the MUSIC
	SWELLS.  "WAR" starts to PLAY.  They dance their way through
	a crowd of people, their arms raised as the two friends make
	their way through the airport.






