






                         
                         
                         
                                Written by
                                                  
                             Taylor Sheridan



                         
          A MAN, standing waist-deep in the surf. White shirt, neck
          tie, hair perfectly parted. Wire framed glasses rest on the
          bridge of his nose. His name is ALEJANDRO.
                         
          He rises his face to the sun.
                         

                     I think about the price. The price
                     of appetite. The cost of
                     forgetting who we are. Pretending
                     we are... who we will never be...
                         
          He looks young for 35, but his eyes -- seems they lived for
          decades before him. He closes them, bathing his face in
          sunshine.
                         

                     So easy to pretend we are not to
                     blame. That a demon enters us.
                     No... The demon is inside. We just
                     make potions that release it.
                         
          The muscles of his neck tense.
                         

                     There's no revenge for all they
                     have taken. No justice. It simply
                     is...
                         
                         
          His lip curls. His eyes open. He looks down.
                         

                     And still. They must be forced to
                     look at all they have destroyed. By
                     having the same done to them. Or
                     they will forget... Forget they are
                     human. Believe they are as
                     different as they feel... Then they
                     are the lion, and everything we
                     loved and lost, simply its meal.
                         
          We hear SPLASHING and the panicked gasps of a man trying not
          to drown.
                         
          Only now do WE SEE: Alejandro is holding someone under the
          water.
                         
          He lets the drowning man catch a breath, barely. Pushes him
          back under. Looks out. Lost in thought.

                         
                         
          We watch from the beach as Alejandro stands in the ocean to
          his belly, the sun high overhead.
                         

                         
                         

                         

                         
          The eye blinks, and we can almost feel a breeze -- we are
          that close.
                         

                        Our Father, who art in
                       Heaven, hallowed be Thy Name. Thy
                       Kingdom come...
                         
          A VERTICAL LINE OF WHITE LIGHT invades us, then grows. The
          eye disappears in it's wake.
                         

                       Thy will be done, on Earth as it is
                       in Heaven.
                         
          TWO DOORS swing open. We see the silhouettes of TWELVE PEOPLE
          DRESSED FOR BATTLE, rifles at the ready, barrels pointing up.
          CAMERA is so close to the woman's face, it almost touches
          her. Her lips are moving, silently reciting...
                         
          We are in a SWAT ASSAULT VEHICLE. It is MOVING BACKWARDS fast
          and slams through a faded picket fence. Stops in the yard of
          a crumbling house.
                         
          They all rise and leap from the vehicle.
                         

                         
          WE ARE RIGHT BEHIND THE WOMAN, who mumbles the prayer as she
          runs. The back of her vest reads: FBI. Her name is KATE MACY.
                         

                       Give us this day... our daily
                       bread...
                         
          They reach the door, a shotgun BLASTS THE HINGES. It falls
          like a drawbridge.
                         

                       And forgive us our trespasses as we
                       forgive those who trespass against
                       us.

                         
                         
          She speaks the prayer faster, desperate to finish before she
          has to kill anyone, or be killed herself.
                         

                    And lead us not into temptation but
                    deliver us from evil...
                         
          SWAT officers rush in, screaming.
                         
          Macy's turn: She runs through the busted door-
                         

                         
          In the hallway now. The chaos is closer. She hurries the
          words. So close now...
                         

                    For Thine is the Kingdom the power
                    and glory forever and ever amen


                         
          Two LATINO MEN, 20'S, are slammed to the ground. Another
          LATINO comes from nowhere, throwing himself on an AFRICAN
          AMERICAN MAN wearing an FBI vest. A taser is pressed to his
          neck and he falls, paralyzed, backward.
                         
          Macy takes in the chaos, then pushes farther into the house,
          running past a bedroom with an open door.
                         
          From the corner of her eye she sees:
                         

                         
          She ducks as a SHOTGUN BLAST rips 10 inches of dry wall above
          her.
                         
          She turns, pressing the CAMERA against the wall. We watch
          over her shoulder as she returns fire.
                         
          A rooster tail of shell casings are thrown over us, invading
          our view. Bullet after bullet pound him. The man's knees
          give. He's falling...
                         
          A round hits him in the face and he is thrown back -- blood,
          brain, and skull fragments explode like shrapnel on the wall
          behind him.
                         
          Adrenaline hits her like a fever. She gets dizzy, sits
          against the wall, gasping for breath. A SWAT officer rushes
          to her.
                         



                         
                         

                       I'm good. I'm good.
                         
          The SWAT officer looks at the hole in the drywall. Leans
          forward. Looks closer... What the fuck IS that??
                         
          His face now inches from the hole then jumps back like he was
          bitten by a snake.
                         


                         

                         
          The SKULL OF A MAN. Dry skin sunken into bones like
          cellophane.
                         
          Macy stands up and turns around. Looks at it. Trying to
          process what she's seeing. She walks up and starts pulling at
          the drywall. Other officers join her. They yank and tear a
          six foot hole in the wall, then stand back, speechless.
                         
                         
          Bodies are standing side by side. A lime-green dust has
          spilled out on the floor.
                         
          The entire house is a tomb.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Macy sits on the porch. Swallows water from a bottle. Holds
          it down maybe ten seconds. Vomits... We see another SWAT
          OFFICER doing the same.
                         
          FBI AGENT REGGIE WAYNE, 30, African American, walks from the
          house, fighting the same urge. Sits beside her.
                         

                       Can't shake the smell. Just sits in
                       you.
                         

                       Yeah... Sorry I wasn't on your six.
                       Got wrapped up in the front room.
                         
          Macy nods.
                         

                       I saw.

                         
                         
          She looks out over the sea of POLICE VEHICLES on the street
          and spots PHOENIX HOMICIDE DETECTIVE LANCE ALVAREZ, 45,
          heading right for them.
                         

                    Loan you SWAT and you hand us three
                    dozen homicides. I oughta fucking
                    pepper spray you.
                         

                    Couldn't smell any worse.
                         

                    Ha ha. You're not the one gotta
                    clean this shit up.
                         

                    Yeah. Thirty families without a
                    father's real funny, but you keep
                    worrying about what it does to your
                    weekend, Lance.
                         

                    Listen you fucking   --
                         
          Reggie is on his feet in an instant and inches from Lance's
          face.
                         

                    I didn't hear you, you say
                    something?
                         
          Lance swallows his anger and his pride, walks toward the
          house.
                         

                    Clear your people out, it's our
                    crime scene now.
                         

                    It's your crime scene when I GIVE

                         

                    What are the chances they'll put
                    together a case.
                         

                    ... None.
                         

                    Look.

                         
                         
          She turns and sees: FBI REGIONAL DIRECTOR DAVE JENNINGS, 50,
          leather skin stretched over a square jaw that rests on broad
          shoulders. Beside him is DEPUTY DIRECTOR PHIL COOPER, 40,
          balding and thin, exactly the man you want analyzing data.
                         

                    Ever seen him at a crime scene?
                         

                    No.
                         
          Jennings and Phil reach her.
                         

                    You okay?
                         

                    I'm fine.
                         

                    Wanna give me the tour?
                         
          She doesn't but she will.
                         

                         
          No dry wall anywhere now: the walls have been stripped to the
          frame, exposing another DOZEN BODIES. CORONERS in protective
          suits remove them as DETECTIVES photograph the scene. The
          smell is atrocious.
                         

                    Looks like Sinaloa...
                         
          Jennings nods and sighs.
                         

                    Yeah.  How many
                    total?
                         

                    Between here and the hall we have
                    thirty, but there's more in the
                    back bedroom and we haven't looked
                    in the attic or under the crawl
                    space.
                         

                     Call DOJ in Washington,
                    let em know what we have.
                         
          Phil nods, pulls his cell and steps away.

                         
                         

                    This one of the houses owned by
                    Manuel Diaz?
                         

                    No way to connect him, but he owns
                    it.
                         
          The smell is getting to Reggie. Doesn't look like he's going
          to make it...
                         

                    Go ahead and step out, it's okay.
                         
          Don't have to tell him twice.
                         
          Jennings walks to the wall. Studies the faces -- one in
          particular, tinted an ashy green from lye and months of decay
          -- his mouth open wide and eyes shut so tight that his brow
          is a tangle of wrinkles, as though he is suffering his death
          for eternity.
                         

                         

                         
          We see a GARAGE, and to it's left A STORAGE SHED. AN OFFICER
          yanks boxes and garbage from it, tossing it on the driveway.
          He reaches the floor, which is covered with rubber matts. He
          pulls one up and discovers a 3' X 3' piece of plywood hinged
          to the floor and locked.
                         


                         
          They are brought over and the lock is cut. The officer kneels
          down. Lifts the hatch a little. Looks under, flashlight in
          hand...
                         

                         
          As the hatch is lifted -- TWO HOOKS with wires are visible to
          our left and right. As the hatch is lifted, the wires pull
          tighter... We see where they lead: TWO GRENADES.
                         

                         
          Jennings and Macy walk down the hall. Jennings stops at the
          body of the man Macy killed, then notices --
                         
          Through a screen door at the end of the hall -- officers
          rushing toward the shed.

                         
                         

                    PD found something.
                         
          Macy and Jennings walk outside. As the sunlight hits them,
          the officer open the hatch, the wires pull tight and we hear
          a `clink'.
                         

                         
          Dust, debris, smoke, and pieces of them roll toward Jennings
          and Macy like a wave, swallowing them.
                         
          Our entire world is filled with a brown cloud and screams...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          We see children splashing and playing in a large pool through
          enormous windows in MANUEL DIAZ'S living room. As we pull
          back, we hear the sounds of a NEWS REPORT.
                         

                    Phoenix police have released no
                    details, but there HAS BEEN an
                    explosion at a house in South
                    Phoenix.
                         
          CAMERA PIVOTS and we are looking at a TV across a flawlessly
          decorated living room. Aerial footage of the tract house and
          obliterated storage plays.
                         

                    You can clearly see two bodies
                    covered in tarps but Phoenix Police
                    will not release names or even
                    confirm the deaths. Witnesses on
                    the scene state that a warrant was
                    served at the house an hour BEFORE
                    the explosion, so the speculation
                    is the deceased are Phoenix police

                         
          A MAN leans into frame. His head slowly shakes as he watches
          and listens. A cell phone rings. He answers it, mutes the TV,
          and retreats out of frame, leaving us to watch the news in
          silence, as the sounds of children splashing and laughing
          wafts in through an open window.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          We stare at the spout. Water washes over us. We look at the
          drain. Dirt, blood, and small fragments of pink, white, and
          navy blue circle the drain as gravity carries them to the
          sewers of Phoenix.
                         
          Dark brown hair is vigorously scrubbed. Macy does not relax
          in this shower-- that is not its purpose. The purpose is to
          decontaminate.
                         

                         
          Macy stands in front of the mirror, brushing her hair. There
          are abrasions on her cheek and a deep cut that runs down from
          the corner of her eye-- like she cried a scar.
                         
          The hair brush catches. Pulls her head back.
                         


                         
          She extracts the brush. Feels around on her scalp and
          retrieves a piece of bone. Looks at it...
                         
          She wraps it in toilet paper, sets it on the counter, and
          gets back in the shower. Turns it on. Gonna try this again...
                         

                         
          The decor is Spare. Functional and nothing more. Doesn't even
          tease herself with pictures on the wall.
                         
          Macy walks in wearing a large men's t shirt, nothing else.
          Her COMPUTER CHIRPS. ROSALYN4620 is asking that she chat.
          Macy looks at the screen.
                         

                    Not tonight mom.
                         
          Keeps walking. Her cell phone rings. Call display: MOM.
                         

                    Uhh...  Mom, it was a

                         

                    Everyone sure missed you today.
                         
          Macy's body tenses and deflates at the same time.
                         

                    Me too. You get my card?

                         
                         

                     Get on the computer. I want to see

                         

                     Mom, I just got --
                         

                     It's my birthday goddammit-
                         

                     I'm signing on.
                         
          She hits a button on her computer and ROSALYN MACY, 60 today,
          appears. She leans back and forth in front of the lens, still
          unsure about this technology that beams her image through
          space.
                         

                     Can you see me?
                         

                     Stay in one place, Mom. Happy
                     birthday. Sorry I didn't call-
                         

                     Can you see me? I don't see you.
                     Lean forward -- there you are...
                     What happened to your face?
                         
          Rosalyn's happy mood is gone.
                         

                     Nothing. It's something on your
                     lens.
                         

                     Kate. I can see it.
                         

                     Like I said, rough day.
                         
          Silence.
                         

                     What a waste of a law degree, Kate.
                         
          Macy holds her tongue, but it takes effort.
                         

                     Who came to the party?

                         
                         

                    Evan sent me a card. I thought that
                    was very sweet. Have you two
                    spoken?
                         
          Macy sighs.
                         

                    No.
                         

                    Well... I hope you two will become
                    friends.
                         

                    I'm sure we'll be great friends,
                    Mother. Nothing like a divorce to
                    bring people closer.
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    You look tired.
                         

                    I am...  Happy
                    birthday. How does it feel to be

                         

                    It would feel a lot better with a
                    grandchild, and I don't think it's

                         
          Macy slams the laptop closed. She rubs her eyes... So tired.
          Her cell phone rings. She flips it open, angry --
                         


                    GRANDCHILDREN.  Yeah,
                    umm... I can, I can be there in,
                    say thirty minutes? Yes sir.
                         
          Hangs up. Day's not over.
                         

                         

                         
          Macy and Reggie sit in chairs against a glass wall. NEWS
          FOOTAGE of the blast plays on monitors along the wall of a
          command center filled with activity.

                         
                         
          In the glass office behind them, a dozen men in suits.
          Jennings, in the same shape as Macy, has deflated into a
          chair, Phil sitting beside him.
                         
          Macy turns and looks through the wall at the men.
                         

                    Know what's going on?
                         

                    No idea.
                         
          Jennings makes eye contact with Macy through the glass. For
          the first time, he seems old to her.
                         
          All these men look important, except one: MATT GRAVES, 40,
          golf shirt, bit of a belly, red, shaggy hair -- looks like a
          tourist. His demeanor is easy, you almost get the sense he's
          having fun. Macy turns around and rests her head against the
          glass.
                         

                    I need coffee.
                         
                         

                    We did this by the book, right?
                         

                    Come on ... Of course.
                         
          Macy lets out a heavy breath, looks back through the glass to
          find: every man in the room is STARING RIGHT AT HER.
                         

                    Jesus.
                         

                    What? Oh shit.
                         
          Phil walks toward them, pushes open the door.
                         

                    Would you step in here, Kate?
                         
          She rises and shares a look with Reggie. The door closes
          behind her.
                         

                         
          Matt smiles, friendly. A man in his 40's, military haircut,
          BURNETT, looks her over.

                         
                         

                    Quite a find today ... The loss of
                    two officers not withstanding.
                         
          She says nothing.
                         

                    How familiar are you with Manuel
                    Diaz's operation?
                         

                    His company, Sun Valley, owns
                    eighty or so foreclosure
                    properties, another --
                         

                    What do you know about his brother?
                         
          She looks at Matt.
                         

                    Um ... Wasn't aware he had one.
                         

                    Guillermo... Mexican police are
                    holding him in Juarez. What do you
                    know about his cousin?
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    Didn't know he had one of those
                    either.
                         

                    His cousin is Fausto Alarcon.
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    I don't know who that is.
                         

                    Number three in the Sinaloa Cartel.
                         

                    Manuel Diaz is likely their most
                    senior member in the United States.
                         
          Macy feels woefully unprepared for an inquisition.
                         

                    None of this is in his file.

                         
                         

                    With good reason.
                         

                    Loose lips sink ships, Kate.
                         

                    I'm not --
                         

                    Agent Macy doesn't work narcotics,
                    she runs a kidnapping response
                    team.
                         

                    You married?
                         

                    I'm sorry?
                         

                    Husband?
                         
          Who the fuck is this clown in the golf shirt?
                         

                    Divorced.
                         

                    Kids?
                         

                    No. He works for Border Patrol and
                    got to keep the condo and my
                    Bronco, anything else?
                         
          Matt smiles. Phil stands up.
                         

                    Thank you Kate, if you could wait
                    outside, please.
                         
          She stands there for a beat, utterly confused, then leaves.
                         
          She sits back down next to Reggie.
                         

                    ... Well?
                         

                    I have no clue.

                         
                         
          We watch the men speaking through the glass, then they all
          file out of the office except Jennings and Matt. Phil stands
          at the door.
                         

                    Will you come in, Kate?
                         
          She walks in and stands across from Jennings.
                         
                         

                    DOJ wants advisors that focus on
                    cartels involved in pursuing Mr.
                    Diaz. This is Matt Graves. He'll be

                         

                    He'll be leading who? This is
                    Phoenix Homicide now.
                         

                    We're expanding the scope of the
                    investigation.
                         

                    You'll act as a liaison.
                         

                    What does that mean?
                         

                    State Department is pulling an
                    agent from the field that
                    specializes in responding to
                    escalated cartel activity. You'll
                    meet up with them... at
                    Luke, Tomorrow?
                         

                    Day after. Early.
                         

                    Luke ... Air Force base?
                         

                    Gonna go see Guillermo.
                         

                    His brother.
                         

                    That's the one.
                         
          Matt smiles, like they're discussing renovating a kitchen.

                         
                         

                    Okay... If I, umm... What's our
                    objective?
                         

                    Our objective is to dramatically
                    overreact.
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    Why isn't Reggie in here?
                         

                    He's a little green. You've been
                    kicking doors longer.
                         
          She looks back at Reggie.
                         

                    Makes you feel better to have him
                    around, he can tag along after we
                    get back from El Paso.
                         
          He smiles. She takes this in.
                         

                    Kate. You must volunteer for an
                    interagency task force... Think
                    very hard before you respond ...
                    You want to be a part of this?
                         
          Jennings' eyes beg her to say no. But the hunter in her is
          awake. She looks back at Reggie -- his eyes are full of
          concern...
                         

                    We get an opportunity at the men
                    responsible for today?
                         

                    The men who are REALLY responsible.
                         

                    Then yeah, sure. I'll volunteer.
                         
          Jennings looks at her. Nods. She is theirs now...
                         
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Morning sun hits closed eyes. Dark, fat face. Beads of sweat
          on his brow and cheeks. Thick mustache. His name is SILVIO.
                         
          A SHADOW falls over him. He feels it. Eyes pop open, tense.
                         

                    Papa?
                         
          A smile crosses Silvio's face.
                         

                    Despirtate.
                         

                    No.
                         
          Silvio closes his eyes. The little boy taps him on the chest.
                         

                    Si.
                         
          Silvio's smile grows. It is a game.
                         

                    No.
                         
          We see the boy now. He is eight. Bright brown eyes. His name
          is ELISEO.
                         

                    SI!! Tengo un juego de futbol!
                         
          Silvio acts surprised.
                         

                    Nooooo...
                         
          The boy laughs and grabs his father's hand, tugging.
                         

                    Si Papa! Tenemos que ir!
                         
          The boy pulls with all his might. Silvio makes a show of
          resisting, then climbs out of bed. Eliseo keeps a tight hold
          of his hand, and walks him down a hall to a small kitchen
          with adobe walls and a dirt floor. An opening leads to a
          small patio that now serves mostly as a chicken coop. Two
          chickens are in the kitchen.
                         
          A woman stands over a stove, cooking.

                         
                         

                    Papa necessita cafe y juevos!
                    Tenemos priso mama!
                         
          She turns and smiles at her son, the bright star in her black
          life. Her eyes pass over Silvio. She stopped loving him years
          ago, but he adores their little boy... At least they have
          that.
                         
          He sits down. She scoops eggs onto a plate with tortillas,
          drops it in front of him. Hands him a coffee. He sniffs it,
          hands it back. Without a word she pours in two fingers of
          tequila.
                         
          The boy stares at his father with endless joy. No idea how
          unlucky he is.
                         
          Silvio stares back, winks. The boy smiles.
                         

                         
          Silvio and Eliseo exit the house. Silvio wears a State Police
          uniform, dressed to intimidate. The boy wears his uniform,
          dressed to play soccer. They walk past cinder-block houses,
          one after the other, cracked and faded from the sun.
                         
          Tejano music, car horns, and distant yelling penetrate the
          morning.
                         
          Two ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIERS drive past.
                         
          Silvio and Eliseo wander away, Eliseo's tiny hand clinging to
          Silvio's police belt. Eliseo has his father for the whole day
          and he isn't letting go.
                         
          They turn and disappear around the corner. Only thing on the
          street is a stray dog burying itself in an overturned trash
          can... The mascot of this dying city.
                         

                         
                         
                         

                         
          We are back with Alejandro, holding a man under water. Face
          to the sun, somehow able to focus fully on the task at hand
          while escaping to someplace else.
                         
          He lets the man up. Coughing, heaving up salt water, and
          sobbing. He looks at Alejandro with the pleading eyes of a
          man whose will has been broken.

                         
                         

                     Colonel Guteman. Yes...
                         

                     And you too...
                         
          He nods.
                         

                     Say it.
                         

                     Of course me too! If the Americans
                     would leave, you would see... no
                     one is pure.
                         
          Alejandro lets the man up and pushes him toward the shore. We
          now see the man wears a MILITARY UNIFORM. He walks ahead of
          Alejandro, looking back.
                         
          The man makes a half hearted attempt at attacking Alejandro,
          who pushes and spins him like a defiant child.
                         
          They walk a few steps and the man tries it again. Alejandro's
          appears only half committed to the sloppy assault. Alejandro
          slaps the man across the face, then pushes him forward,
          slapping the back of his head as he does.
                         
          They reach a stump where Alejandro's linen coat rests.
                         

                     Sit down.
                         

                     Why?
                         

                     Can't walk back like this. We need
                     to dry.
                         
          They sit back and bathe in the sun. The man is uncomfortable-
          kidnapper and captive, lounging on the shore. He considers
          running. Considers fighting him again, but settles on resting
          his tired back against the stump.
                         

                     What will you do with me?
                         

                     Nothing.
                         
          Beat.

                         
                         

                    Will I be arrested?
                         

                    No.
                         

                    What will you do with the Colonel?
                         

                    Nothing. (Alejandro turns his face
                    to the sun) I just wanted to know.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Alejandro and the man walk along a two track road through a
          field of sugar cane.
                         

                    If you tell. They will kill me...
                    my family.
                         

                    Don't give me a reason.
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    How do I avoid that?
                         

                    By telling me the truth without
                    having to drown you.
                         
          They come around a bend and we see:
                         

                         
          Structures built in simple but orderly rows. Humvees, one
          after the other, parked neatly in front. Soldiers move about.
          Colombia may be corrupt, but they are orderly about it. None
          of the filth and chaos of northern Mexico. They have been at
          it much longer, with battle lines very clearly drawn.
                         
          The man turns to Alejandro.
                         

                    So... that's it then?
                         
          Alejandro nods.

                         
                         

                    You act like the Narcos. You do
                    things that I don't understand.
                         
          Alejandro offers him a polite smile.
                         

                    If you are very lucky you never
                    will.
                         
          The man walks away, turning back occasionally to see if he is
          truly free.
                         
          Alejandro turns in another direction, spots THREE US MARINE
          HUMVEES, EIGHT MARINES BESIDE THEM. Matt stands in front.
          They walk toward each other.
                         

                    It is the Colonel.
                         

                    We'll get to that...
                         
          Alejandro looks over the Marines.
                         

                    Why so many?
                         

                    Don't want anything to happen to
                    you on the way to the airport.
                         

                    Where are we going?
                         

                    To keep my promise.
                         
          Alejandro's kind, hollow eyes almost show emotion.
                         

                    What did they do?
                         

                    Doesn't matter. It leads to Fausto.
                    And I'm going to turn you loose.
                         
          Alejandro stands for a moment. The tiniest hint of a smile
          curls his lips.
                         

                    Thank you.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Reggie drives, Macy riding shotgun. Through the windshield,
          we see the entrance to LUKE AIR FORCE BASE approaching.
                         

                    You're back tonight?
                         

                    Yeah. I'll call you, let you know
                    what time.
                         

                    I don't understand why they don't
                    want me there...
                         
          She deflects.
                         

                    It's El Paso... Don't think you're
                    missing much.
                         

                    Well... you keep your eye on that
                    doughy prick in the golf shirt...
                         
          She smiles.
                         

                    I'm supposed to worry about you.
                         

                    This isn't what we do, Kate.
                         

                    We do what we need to do.
                         
                         

                         
          Reggie pulls to the guard post, hands over their ID's. An AIR
          FORCE MP takes them, compares ID's to a list.
                         

                     You're not on here.
                         

                    I know. What's she supposed to do?
                         

                    Walk.
                         
          Macy opens the door and steps out.

                         
                         

                       I'll call you when we're heading
                       back.
                         
          She walks around the front of the Tahoe and disappears with
          the MP into the guard house.
                         

                         
          Macy walks toward the runways, looking around, unsure where
          to go.
                         

                       Kate.
                         
          She turns, sees Matt.
                         

                       This way.
                         

                       Am I late?
                         

                       No. We just landed.
                         
          She walks to him and they head off. Alejandro sits on a
          bench, patiently. They walk to him.
                         

                       This is my bird dog, his name's
                       Alejandro.
                         
          He stands.
                         

                       Hello.
                         

                       Kate Macy.
                         
          Alejandro studies her.
                         

                       Have you been to Juarez before?
                         

                       No... Wait, we're going to El Paso,
                       right?
                         

                       Yeah, we'll talk about it on the
                       plane.

                         
                         
          He walks off, they follow. He leads them to a GULFSTREAM

                         

                    We're taking this?
                         

                    Yeah.
                         

                    Really... Okay...
                         
          They climb in.
                         

                         
          They strap themselves in as the pilot speaks with the tower.
          Macy sits beside Alejandro. Studies him. He looks like a
          doctor or accountant, but there is an absent manner to his
          actions, as though nothing warrants his full attention but
          the weight of his thoughts. He catches her looking at him.
                         

                    What is your experience with
                    operations like these?
                         

                    None... What IS the operation?
                         
          He gives her a polite smile.
                         

                    Sleep if you can. Juarez will
                    demand all of your focus.
                         
          He lays his head back and closes his eyes. Macy looks at
          Matt.
                         

                    Are we going into Juarez?
                         
          Shakes his head. Could be interpreted as a `no'.
                         

                    DOD flies around in Gulfstreams
                    now?
                         

                    You guys don't have one?
                         
          She laughs.
                         

                    Right... Food on this flight?

                         
                         

                    They got some bitchin peanuts in
                    the back. Kind of a self-serve deal
                    though.
                         
          He puts his head back, closes his eyes. She looks over at
          Alejandro who is already asleep. Macy's wired. No chance of
          sleep. Pulls a magazine from the seat back as the plane
          begins to taxi...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          WE SEE: Alejandro's face in profile. Sunlight spilling over
          him through a small window. He looks different. Softer...
          Happy...
                         
          DARK BROWN HAIR lowers into frame toward him. He pushes it
          back, revealing a young woman. She smiles and kisses him. He
          lets her hair fall as the kiss grows. Dark hair fills the
          frame...
                         
          It gets very still. Darker now. Sunlight is gone. We PULL
          BACK. Farther. Farther still. See the woman's body. She lays
          face down in a hallway, naked. Blood pooled beneath her.
                         
          We hear a HEART BEAT. We move down a hall. Heart beating
          FASTER. Past a MEXICAN POLICE OFFICER, who somberly watches
          us... At the end of the hall we hear something rubbing,
          swaying. We move faster. Heart beats faster. Racing now.
                         
          Come to the end of the hall, the SWAYING IS LOUDER. We turn
          left, push open a door. Look up -- The swaying sound is a
          ROPE. It swings in and out of frame. We follow it down -- the
          LIFELESS BODY OF A YOUNG GIRL at the end of it.
                         

                         
          Alejandro jolts awake, slamming his hands into the seat in
          front of him -- scaring the living shit out of Macy.
                         


                         
          Alejandro looks straight ahead.
                         

                    You okay?
                         
          Doesn't look at her. Sweat rolls down his face.

                         
                         

                    Yes.
                         
          She keeps looking at him. He turns to her.
                         

                    I'm fine.
                         
          We hear the pilot announce their initial descent into El
          Paso's FORT BLISS. Alejandro leans back in his seat.
                         

                    So... This is your specialty.
                         

                    Hmm?
                         

                    He said the cartels in Mexico are
                    your specialty.
                         

                    Yes.
                         

                    Anything I should know?
                         

                    You are asking how a watch works.
                    For now, only focus on knowing the
                    time.
                         
          Alejandro lays his head back. Closes his eyes. Macy mumbles
          to herself.
                         

                    Okay... Yoda.
                         
                         

                         
          Alejandro, Macy, and Matt walk off the plane, blinded by the
          desert sun.
                         
          A man in his late 30's, mustache, DEA AGENT STEVE FERSING,
          waves from inside a BLACK CHEVY TAHOE. They walk over and
          climb in.
                         

                         

                    How you been?

                         
                         

                    Good. Trying to get DOD to let me
                    look into this conspiracy to sink
                    Figi.
                         
          Steve chuckles.
                         

                    It's the damn terrorists. They're
                    sinking all the tropical islands.
                         

                    I figure a month or two there, I
                    could get it worked out.
                         

                    Hear there's a real drug problem at
                    the Four Seasons there. You need
                    any help looking into it...
                         

                    Yeah, I'll keep you posted... who's
                    going over today?
                         

                    Marshals, DEA. Pulled a team for
                    you.
                         

                    I get all warm and fuzzy when you
                    say `team'.
                         

                    It's a crack bunch too. Just
                    rotated back from Afghanistan.
                         

                    Where's everybody linking up?
                         

                    Army Intelligence Center.
                         
          Macy listens intently, trying to figure out what the hell
          they're talking about. Alejandro looks out across the border.
          Alejandro seems different. He is somewhere else. Somewhere
          bad.
                         

                         
          TWENTY FOOT WALLS surround the center. A GUARD POST in front
          of an enormous closed gate.
                         
          The Tahoe pulls up... A guard, dressed like he is on mission
          in Afghanistan, steps forward.

                         
                         

                    ID's all around. Hey Steve.
                         
          Even Steve hands his ID. The guard returns to the guard house
          with the IDs. Matt turns around and faces Macy.
                         
                         

                    Thought you were in the big time in
                    Phoenix... welcome to Baghdad.
                         
          The guard returns with their IDs.
                         

                    Be safe.
                         
          The gate opens and they pull in.
                         
          There must be fifty vehicles, most are unmarked SUVs, but a
          dozen Humvees and six ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIERS, complete
          with 20mm cannons. The area is alive with activity. Agents,
          deputies, and special forces operators are moving about.
                         
          The Tahoe parks and our team gets out. They follow Steve
          toward the entrance to:
                         
                         
                         

                         
          A US MARSHAL stands in front of a video screen showing the
          route into and out of Juarez. Twenty men seated in chairs.
          None wear uniforms, but all wear tactical vests, drop-leg
          holsters, assault rifles by there side. It sounds and looks
          like a military operation.
                         
          They take a seat in the back. Macy the men seated around her.
                         

                    Pay attention.
                         
          She is surprised by the directive, turns her focus to the
          speaker.
                         

                    Mexican Federal Police will meet
                    you at the border and proceed with
                    you to the courthouse located
                     here. This is a
                    high level target. The most likely
                    spot for an attempt will be at the
                    exchange and the border. The
                    Marshals will enter -- Kevin,
                    Keith, wanna stand up?

                         
                         
          Two men in their 50's stand up. They look like they were
          teleported from another time -- starched white shirts under
          bullet proof vests, starched Wranglers, bone colored cowboy
          hats, and faces tough as boot leather. They turn to the room
          without smiling.
                         

                     Man, I love Texans.
                         
          Alejandro whispers to her.
                         

                    Memorize the faces of everyone
                    here. Know who is with you.
                         

                    Marshals' response team is in
                    Laredo so, our friends from Delta
                    have volunteered to come along and
                    will escort the Marshals at the
                    exchange.
                         
          The Marshal speaking notices Matt in the back.
                         

                    Here's the man of the hour. You
                    coming or waiting here?
                         

                    Sure, we'll take the tour. Loan me
                    a couple of pop guns?
                         

                    This is turning into an All-Star
                    affair. Wanna another hand at the
                    exchange, Keith?
                         

                     You sober?
                         
          Matt laughs.
                         

                    I will be by the time we get there.
                         

                    I got a bottle in the truck in case
                    yer hands git to shakin.
                         

                    I miss your hospitality, Keith.
                         
          Turns to Macy.

                         
                         

                    Guess we're going sightseeing.
                         
          Macy looks very uncomfortable.
                         

                    Alright. So, and we'll gear you up
                    when we're done, Matt -- you can be
                    the tip of the spear and we don't
                    have to rob a guy from Delta... Be
                    careful on the turn-around -- if a
                    Federale is a shooter it will be on
                    the turn around. Ray, your Team 1
                    is lead vehicle and we can divide
                    team 2 into the carry car and the
                    trail vehicles, that okay?
                         
          A man with a short beard and very broad shoulders nods.
                         

                    Ray, If Delta could stand up so
                    everyone can see who to stand
                    behind if the shit hits the fan...
                         
          Everyone laughs. The Delta operators rise. Though this is a
          room of professionals, these men truly look like the ones you
          want to stand behind.
                         

                    Most likely spot for a hit is at
                    the border crossing on the return.
                    State Police has agree to hold a
                    lane for you. Heads up if they
                    don't... Anywhere along the way,
                    anyone not in this room is a
                    potential shooter. This op isn't
                    over until we are back here, okay?
                    Be aware, be vigilant, and stay
                    alert. Let's go.
                         
          Men begin rising and readying their gear. The mood is
          relaxed. Matt walks to the Marshal -- they shake hands and
          disappear in the back.
                         

                    Ever been over there?
                         
          He looks at her and offers a smile.
                         

                    I worked in Juarez.
                         

                    For the DEA?

                         
                         

                    No.
                         
          He offers nothing further.
                         

                    For who?
                         

                    Mexico. As a federal prosecutor.
                         

                    You're not American?
                         

                    No.
                         
          She tries to make sense of that.
                         

                    Who do you work for now?
                         
          Alejandro smiles.
                         

                    I go where I'm sent.
                         

                    Where were you sent FROM?
                         

                    Cartagena.
                         

                    ... Colombia?
                         
          Alejandro nods.
                         
          Matt emerges from the other room carrying two M4 carbines and
          a Kevlar vest. Macy sees him and marches to him.
                         

                     See if this
                    fits.
                         

                     Is he
                    CIA? Are you?
                         

                    Try it on.
                         

                    Well?

                         
                         

                    He's a DOD advisor, just like me.
                         
          She doesn't budge, holds his gaze.
                         

                    Pay attention to Alejandro -- he
                    says do something, do it.
                         
          She takes that as a `yes'.
                         

                    I'm not authorized to --
                         

                    Fine. Stay here.
                         
          She shifts her weight. Hesitates...
                         

                    But you don't want to, do you?
                         

                    I just wanna know what I'm getting

                         

                    You asked to get on this train.
                    Because you KNOW you're not
                    stopping anything in Phoenix.
                    You're just sweeping up the mess.
                    In six months, every house you raid
                    will be rigged with explosives...
                    You want to find the men
                    responsible? This is where we
                    start.
                         
          He walks off.
                         
          After a moment, she follows.
                         

                         
          FIVE CHEVY TAHOES, sirens on the dashboard move through El
          Paso.
                         
          We watch from above as they cut their way through traffic...
                         

                         
          Macy sits in the back beside Alejandro. He holds a rifle
          between his legs, barrel pointed down. Macy notices his right
          hand -- his finger rests on the button that rolls down the
          window.

                         
                         

                    So how nervous should I be?
                         
          The DEA Agent riding shotgun turns back to her.
                         

                    Are you kidding?
                         
          He points out the window.
                         

                    Over there? That's the beast.
                         
          He turns back, facing front.
                         
          She looks out the window to Juarez. It is so close, you could
          throw a frisbee into it.
                         
                         
                         

                         
          THE CONVOY turns onto the BRIDGE OF THE AMERICAS. Border
          Agents have closed the left lane to traffic, in preparation
          for the convoy's arrival.
                         
          From above, we see MEXICO. Some THIRTY FEDERAL POLICE TRUCKS,
          SOLDIERS FILLING THE BEDS are waiting for them.
                         
          The convoy drives straight through -- the Mexican Police
          trucks roll forward as our convoy catches up to them.
                         


                         
          The city of Juarez is   itself a crime. Filthy and crumbling,
          hookers and criminals   fill every possible space of sidewalk.
          They are as plentiful   as the unfortunate masses that are
          condemned to live and   work here.
                         


                         
          SWEAT rolls down Macy's face. She can feel her heart
          beating... Loud enough she actually wonders if others hear it
          too.
                         
          At every turn, it seems there are soldiers and police. A
          large group of police can be seen on a side-street, standing
          around a car -- a DEAD BODY on the street beside it.
                         
          Macy sees a woman in her 20's SPRINTING down the street,
          SCREAMING, though there is no one chasing her.

                         
                         
          Alejandro taps her on the shoulder, motions her to scoot
          toward him.
                         

                    Want to see Juarez?
                         
          He points to A BRIDGE WHERE THE BODY OF A MAN HANGS, a dozen
          soldiers looking down at it.
                         
          As we look closer, we see he has been decapitated -- his head
          replaced with that of a pig, crudely sewn to his body with
          fishing line.
                         
          The body is naked from the waist down -- a state police shirt
          on his torso.
                         
          As the convoy races up the street, the bridge and it's
          swinging corpse come closer.
                         

                    Hard to believe, yes?
                         

                     Yes.
                         

                    He wears the state police shirt.
                    The pig -- Not what you think it
                    means. All state police work for
                    the cartels. ALL of them. That
                    man... He tried to work for two...
                    he got greedy.
                         
          They continue past. Into an even worse part of Juarez, if
          that's possible. The vehicles come to a stop. POPPING SOUNDS
          can be heard. Like fireworks.
                         

                    Hear that?
                         
          He cracks his window. The sound floods in. GUNFIRE. Not ten
          shots, not fifty. Hundreds. It is a battle. Over the radio we

                         

                    Everybody hold on. Mexicans are
                    adjusting our route. There's
                    activity ahead we need to go
                    around.
                         
          We sit here, listening to the gunfight as it builds in
          intensity. We hear a series of explosions.

                         
                         
          Both agents in the front seats reposition their rifles.
          Ready.
                         
          The convoy rolls again. Makes a left, drives away from the
          battle as though they were avoiding road construction. A few
          blocks and they all snake right. Macy is trying hard not to
          be terrified.
                         
          Suddenly, the convoy picks up speed. Moving 70mph over a road
          that barely qualifies as two lanes.
                         
          They race past a park. A large building can be seen on the
          right. The Mexican flag flies in front. Numerous Federal
          Police vehicles in front.
                         
          The convoy stops in front and the Delta operators are out of
          their vehicles, setting a perimeter. The Marshals and Matt
          emerge and move straight to the building, two Deltas follow.
                         
          Macy stays glued to the front door of the building. Waiting.
          Alejandro shifts in his seat toward Macy.
                         

                    Nothing will happen here. If they
                    try anything, it will be at the
                    border. If no lane is cleared for
                    us when we return... Be ready.
                    Watch the cars. Look for old cars.
                    Throw aways. Not gangster cars...
                    Those are for the whores on
                    Saturday night. Did you watch the
                    cars we passed driving in?
                         
          She shakes her head `no'
                         

                    Watch for state police. They are
                    all bad. We will lose the escort at
                    the loop. You will see. That is
                    when you worry.
                         
          Matt and the Marshals come out with a man covered in a
          blanket. He is placed in the backseat.
                         
          The federal Police begin turning their vehicles.
                         


                         
          Suddenly, the Tahoe lurches forward -- moving between the
          vehicle with Matt and the Marshals -- acting as a shield.
          Macy looks out the window at the Federal Police trucks. She
          notices the agent riding shotgun has his rifle at the ready
          in the direction of the Federal Police.

                         
                         

                    Lean back, Kate.
                         
          She turns to find him pointing his rifle almost at her head.
          She leans back, and moves her hands toward her ears, ready to
          cover them.
                         

                    Jesus.
                         

                    Okay. Go.
                         
          The Tahoe begins moving and performs a lighting fast three
          point turn, and just like that we are headed north.
                         
          Macy lets out an endless sigh of relief. We are driving very
          fast now.
                         
          Macy looks out the windshield, the hills of El Paso loom in
          the distance.
                         

                    On the left.
                         
          Two streets over, as buildings whip by, we see a STATE POLICE
          VEHICLE even with us.
                         
          It disappears as buildings fill our view, then at the next
          block we see it again. We hear over the radio --
                         

                    We have a spotter on the left
                    everyone. Keep your eyes out for a
                    strike vehicle.
                         
          The driver speaks into his radio.
                         

                    Mexico holding a lane for us at the
                    border?
                         

                    That's my understanding. We're
                    trying to confirm...
                         
          As we race to the border, the state police vehicle has

                         
          We come to the loop, the last exit before being fed into the
          twelve lanes leading only to the border crossing...
                         


                         
                         
          At the loop, the Mexican Federal Police vehicles peel off,
          leaving the convoy alone. At the border, US HOMELAND SECURITY
          OFFICERS can be seen standing with rifles, making a very
          public show of force.
                         
          There is no lane cleared for them, and just like that -- they
          are trapped in traffic.
                         

                    Everyone stay in this lane. Our
                    agents at the border are going to
                    wave everyone through and get us
                    over as quick as they can.
                         
          The agents at the border aren't even checking passports, just
          moving cars through in the lane where the convoy is trapped,
          but there are fifty cars ahead of them...
                         
          Alejandro looks out his window and sees, two lanes over:
                         
          FOUR MEN in an old Buick LeSabre. They are staring straight
          ahead. All drenched in sweat.
                         
          Alejandro taps Macy, she scoots closer.
                         

                    You have a service weapon?
                         

                    Yes.
                         

                    Get it out.
                         
          She unholsters her pistol.
                         

                    Silver LeSabre. Two lanes over my

                         

                    Yep.
                         
          He takes the radio.
                         

                    Silver LeSabre, two lanes right, 3
                    o'clock.
                         

                    One lane over right, 5 o'clock.
                    Burgundy Expedition.

                         
                         

                    Three lanes over right, 1 o'clock,
                    green honda civic.
                         
          Macy grips her pistol.
                         

                    Okay... okay...
                         
          Then Alejandro spots it.
                         

                    Gun. Buick LeSabre, 3 o'clock, gun.
                         
          The flash suppressor of an AK 47 is peeking out in the back
          seat. A sweaty, young gunman holds the rifle between his
          legs.
                         

                    What are the rules here?
                         

                    We must be engaged to engage.
                         

                    Can we get out of this vehicle and
                    set a perimeter?
                         

                    Stay in your vehicle. You can do
                    what they do. If they get out you
                    can get out.
                         

                     watch the door handles.
                         
          The cars are beginning to move in the convoy's lane. Another
          fifteen seconds and they can leave this hell behind.
                         

                    Get ready. They can see our lane
                    clearing. If it's coming, it's
                    coming now.
                         
          Only a few more cars and the convoy is clear. But that would
          mean luck is on their side and luck doesn't live on this side
          of the border.
                         
          The doors to the Expedition swing open. By the time the
          assassins put a foot to the ground, the Delta operators are
          out of their cars and halfway to them, rifles raised.
                         
          Before Macy can react, she is ALONE in the Tahoe.

                         
                         
          Even the driver has exited... she is starting to panic.
                         

                    Think... think...
                         
          She looks at her pistol, grips it tight. And goes nowhere.
                         

                    Okay...
                         
          The assassins are frozen, guns by their sides. A dozen
          Americans have weapons trained on them.
                         
          The Agent riding shotgun stands in front of the Buick, rifle
          pointed at the windshield. Other operators are at the flank
          of the Civic before their doors are even open.
                         
          But at the Expedition, men are already out, weapons in their
          hands.
                         
          The delta operators and Alejandro are yelling at the men in
          Spanish. One retreats to the safety of the back seat, but the
          others know the consequences of a failed hit and they aren't
          in checkmate like those in the other cars...
                         
          The assassins, none over twenty years old, yell and cuss and
          threaten as the operators surround them in a semicircle.
                         
          The assassin that exited the drivers seat -- 2 carat diamond
          earrings and no shirt on his skinny chest -- screams in
          hateful defiance at the operators surrounding him.
                         
          He raises his weapon and ALEJANDRO AND THE OPERATORS FIRE --
          He is obliterated -- They continue firing, surgically killing
          all the Expedition's crew. Bullets ping through the
          windshield. Bullets tear the Expedition to shreds. The
          assassins never fire a shot.
                         
          The innocent masses stuck in the crossfire duck out of view
          in their vehicles. The streets are instantly empty.
                         
          The noise of the shooting echoes off the asphalt with the
          force of thunder.
                         
          Macy watches through the back window.
                         


                         
          The men watching the other vehicles hold targets in their
          sights. The rest will take their chances with the boss. Don't
          even look in the direction of the Americans -- just stare
          straight ahead, sweating...

                         
                         
          The operators and Alejandro work their way back to the
          vehicle. Everyone retreats to their cars.
                         
          The kid with the AK 47 in the back of the Buick makes a move
          for his door handle. Alejandro clocks it, puts 10 rounds
          through the window, killing him and the man beside him before
          the door is opened.
                         
          Macy turns away in shock to find:
                         

                         
          He raises an AK 47 to his shoulder -- pointed right at her.
          Before she can think, her gun is raised and firing through
          the tinted window.
                         
          The sound is deafening. As the man falls out of view, all we
          can hear is the RINGING IN HER EARS.
                         
          Alejandro and the agent riding shotgun jump in and roll their
          windows down and sit out of them like turrets as the vehicles
          start up and race to the border.
                         
          They pass the guard house without stopping, Border Agents
          waving them onward through the finish line. More agents point
          weapons and scream at the Mexican State police officers who
          have emerged from their offices.
                         
          It is absolute madness...
                         
          Alejandro and the agent sit back in the vehicles and roll up
          the windows... They are back in America.
                         
          Macy struggles to get her breath. No one speaks. After a long
          beat...
                         

                    This is going to be on the front
                    page of every newspaper in America.
                         

                    No it won't. It won't even make the
                    paper in El Paso...
                         
          The convoy is safe. It races past traffic, red sirens
          lighting the dashboards...
                         

                         
          The vehicles pull in and park. Agents and operators exit the
          vehicles and amble toward the entrance.
                         
          Macy gets out, her head spinning.

                         
                         
          Matt walks up to her. She holds out a hand, begging him away.
                         

                    JUST... Give me a minute.
                         

                    Yeah. That got a little nutty, huh?
                         

                    No. No. Don't... NO. This isn't ...
                    This was a SPECIAL OP. You're a
                    fucking spook. And HIM!! Who the
                    fuck is that??
                         
          She points at Alejandro.
                         
          He lets her vent. Burning the unused adrenaline.
                         

                    Hey. I told you to stay here...
                         

                    I'm not qualified for this. I'm
                    good at what I do, but I'm not a
                    soldier.
                         

                    Don't sell yourself short. Reason
                    Reggie's home is I know he's not
                    ready for this, but he's gonna have
                    to get ready real quick, because
                    this is the future. Juarez is what
                    happens when they dig in...
                         

                    Don't put me in a situation where I
                    have to break the law to stay
                    alive. Don't do that to me.
                         
          Steve walks up to Matt.
                         

                    You wanna get cracking?
                         

                    On that note, I think you better
                    stay out here.
                         
          Matt winks and walks in the building, leaving Macy alone in
          the motor pool.
                         


                         
                         
          A door opens and we find GUILLERMO, 45, fat, three day
          stubble, and very unhappy to be here. His hands are cuffed
          behind his back. A DEA AGENT holds a bottle of water that
          Guillermo sucks like an infant.
                         
          Matt walks in.
                         

                    Giving him a belly full of water...
                    you devil.
                         
          Matt smiles, the agent smiles back.
                         
          Matt sits in the only other chair in the room.
                         

                    Didn't think we'd get you here, did
                    you?
                         


                         

                    I love it when they don't hablo.
                    Brought an old buddy of yours. Bet
                    you `hablo' to him.
                         
          The door opens and Alejandro walks in, carrying two five
          gallon jugs of water. It takes Guillermo a minute, then
          horror washes over his face.
                         

                    El Medellin.
                         

                    Alejandro, he remembers you.
                         
          No expression on Alejandro's face.
                         
          The DEA Agent moves to the door.
                         

                    I'm gonna step out.
                         
          He closes the door behind him. The red `record' button on the
          camera mounted in the corner goes out. We notice a DRAIN IN

                         
          Alejandro walks toward Guillermo, stands across from him.
          Places a foot on his chest. Pushes... Hard... Guillermo sways
          back, like a chopped tree. He moves through frame in slow
          motion, falling out of frame.
                         


                         
                         
          Macy leans against a car. Spots a guy with a cigarette.
                         

                    Hey. Got another one of those?
                         
          He gives her one. Lights it. She draws in, coughs.
                         

                    Been a while. Thanks.
                         

                    Like fireworks?
                         
          She turns and sees a Delta operator. Holding a pair of

                         

                    Come here.
                         
          She follows him. They walk to the back of the motor pool to a
          stairway that leads to the roof of the building. He goes up.
          She hesitates.
                         

                    Up to you.
                         
          She takes the bait. Climbs up.
                         
          They sit on the edge of the roof, facing Juarez. He begins
          glassing the area.
                         

                    Fireworks is code for something, I
                    assume.
                         

                    Sort of.
                         
          He glasses. She smokes, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
                         

                    Here we go.
                         
          He hands her the binoculars.
                         

                    Look right there.
                         

                         
          She sees it. Muzzle flashes. Right on the street. Rifle fire
          glowing white against the muddy gray of Juarez at dusk. Gone
          as fast as it came. She looks at Delta.

                         
                         

                    Keep looking.
                         
          She begins scanning the city. Sirens. Everywhere. She sees
          another muzzle flash. She looks up.
                         

                    I don't hear anything.
                         

                    Can't. Too far away. Keep looking.
                    They're everywhere.
                         
          She scans the city slowly. Sirens. More sirens. The city is
          lit in a throbbing red and blue.
                         

                    Unbelievable.
                         

                    Madness, huh.
                         
          He bums a drag from her cigarette. They sit in silence and
          watch the city go to war.
                         

                         

                         
          Macy, Matt, and Alejandro walk through the parking lot. Macy
          is exhausted. Matt's on his cell phone.
                         

                    Can they get them all in one place?
                    No... I'm on a clock now, I can't
                    wait... No, contact Bob Fiske. Have
                    him hold all of them at the staging
                    center. How far is
                    Tuscon?
                         

                    From here? Little over two hours.
                         

                    We'll be there a little after 2.
                         
          Not what Macy wanted to hear.
                         

                    We're going to Tucson?
                         

                    You gotta learn how to sleep on a
                    plane.

                         
                         
          Reggie leans against the Tahoe. Not very happy.
                         

                    They let me on the base when this
                    peckerwood needs a ride, don't
                    they?
                         


                         

                     Has nothing to
                    do with your race. I just don't
                    believe you're good enough at your
                    job yet to be of any use. Kate's
                    sure fond of you, though.
                         

                    Thanks, man. I feel much better
                    now.
                         
          Reggie spots Alejandro.
                         

                    Who's that.
                         
          Macy shakes her head, doesn't have the strength to go into
          it.
                         

                    We're going to Tucson.
                         
          Matt and Alejandro get in the back seat of the Tahoe. We push
          in on Alejandro's emotionless face.
                         

                    Now?
                         
          She nods and yawns at the same time. Reggie takes her in.
                         

                    Hey... How was it?
                         

                    Bad.
                         

                    What happened?
                         
          She moves toward the front of the car.
                         

                    Now's not the time.

                         
                         
          They climb in. Reggie looks over at Macy staring out the
          window, resting her heavy head on her fist. He looks back at
          Matt and Alejandro, both already asleep.
                         

                         

                         
          The team walks from their parked car toward an irate BOB
          FISKE, 40'S, walking toward them.
                         

                    What's the deal, Matt? Why you
                    holding up my transports?
                         

                    We'll be quick.
                         

                    I have to feed these bastards when
                    we hold em. Know how an internal
                    auditor responds to an eight
                    thousand dollar check to fucking
                    Domino's Pizza?
                         

                    You're so dramatic, Bob. This is
                    Kate Macy with the FBI, and her
                    partner `what's his name'... It was
                    her call.
                         
          Doesn't introduce Alejandro and Bob doesn't ask- Kate
          notices.
                         

                    I don't even know what we're doing
                    here. 
                    Got another one of those?
                         

                    Finish it before we get inside.
                         
          He gives her one, lights her as they walk. The giant, domed
          warehouse growing closer. The dull murmur of four hundred
          people talking and sitting and moving and complaining is
          wafting out like an odor.
                         
          Macy tries to suck the entire cigarette in one drag. Reggie
          leans into her.
                         

                    What happened in El Paso? Talk to
                    me.

                         
                         

                    We weren't in El Paso.
                         

                    ... Where were you?
                         

                    We were in Mexico.
                         
          Reggie stops. Macy doesn't. She reaches the door and flicks
          the smoke on the ground.
                         

                         
          The illegals have been separated by sex and criminal record.
                         
          Women on the left... The worker bees -- the busboys and
          landscapers and construction workers -- are in the center,
          and in the back, lined up against the wall, the felons...
                         
          Three dozen HOMELAND SECURITY AGENTS   stand over them with
          M4s.
                         

                    There you go. I'm starting the
                    buses. When you're done with em,
                    send em out.
                         

                    All the women can go.
                         

                    Coulda told me that on the phone,
                    Matt.
                         

                    First I've heard it.
                         
                         
          They head toward the group of felons and the like as the
          women are moved out to the buses.
                         

                    Watch these men close. Look for the
                    ones like the men you saw in
                    Juarez.
                         
          Macy looks at him. His kind, sad demeanor seems to settle
          her. She knows he is offering her something, just doesn't
          know why. She turns to the men against the wall. They have
          their hands behind their backs, zip tied.
                         

                    Do you see?

                         
                         
          She scans their faces. Many have tattoos, shaved heads. A
          boy, maybe 18, haircut like a pop star from the 90's. Diamond
          earrings, stares hard at her.
                         

                    Him.
                         
          Alejandro nods.
                         

                    Yes. Keep looking.
                         
          She studies more faces. The ones that look like American
          gangsters- they look down, away, no eye contact. But the ones
          with mustaches no longer in style, hair parted down the
          middle, the lanky teens with Polo shirts, they stare
          defiantly. No fear of consequence from American officers. As
          subtle as the differences are- how they wear their pants, how
          they lean against the wall... she understands now.
                         

                    Yeah. I see it.
                         
          She turns to Alejandro, but he is gone. She turns around and
          he stands thirty feet back beside Matt, looking over the
          migrants.
                         
          Macy walks back to them.
                         

                    What are we looking for?
                         

                    Two ways to find drug routes. You
                    can play cat and mouse with those
                    clowns, or ask these guys what
                    trails they avoid.
                         
          They walk toward the largest group, the simple migrants. The
          ones that are filthy, tired. Eager to either be sent back to
          Mexico or go to work.
                         

                    They see it all, and must avoid the
                    traps set everywhere for them. We
                    look for one who is older... one
                    who has had enough.
                         
          Bob walks up.
                         

                    You done with these behind you?

                         
                         

                    All yours.
                         
          The Agents begin yelling and marching the smuggler group out.
          Alejandro turns to Bob.
                         

                    Break them into groups of four, Let
                    them spread out, each group as far
                    from the other as possible.
                         
          Bob huddles his agents and begins explaining as Matt and
          Alejandro walk off.
                         
          We see Reggie, observing from the entrance. He's had enough
          `not knowing', walks to Macy.
                         

                    What are we doing here?(Looks her
                    over) What were you doing in
                    Mexico??
                         

                    I'm with you, alright. I don't have
                    answers.
                         

                    Well, let's get some then.
                         
          She looks at him.
                         

                    You think I haven't asked these
                    questions. Think you can do better?
                    MATT. Can we talk to you for a
                    minute?
                         
          He starts walking toward them. They head for the open
          warehouse door.
                         

                         
          Macy and Reggie stop in the center of the parking lot. Matt
          catches up to them.
                         

                    This feels very serious.
                         

                    What are we looking for? There's in
                    the dark and then there's the way
                    you're treating us. I want to know
                    the objective, or I walk. Period.

                         
                         

                      Then go. I didn't ask you to be a
                      part of this. She did.
                         

                      I walk too.
                         
          Reggie stares at Matt, who casually smiles, pacifying the
          children.
                         

                      What would you like to know?
                         

                      Everything.
                         

                      Guillermo told us about a tunnel
                      east of Nogales, near Sasabe. So
                      now, we're trying to find what
                      areas near there migrants avoid.
                      Because that's where the tunnel
                      will be. Better?
                         

                      Guillermo is...?
                         
          Matt laughs.
                         

                      I'm going back in.
                         
          He turns.
                         

                      He TOLD you where a drug tunnel
                      is... Just... Told you.
                         

                      Guillermo didn't have any other
                      options. We send him back across
                      the border and he's a dead man. Had
                      to give us something.
                         
          He just smiles...
                         

                      Bullshit.
                         

                      Look man, we have a boss, and you
                      ain't him. Be straight. What are
                      you doing?

                         
                         

                    We're going to make enough noise
                    that Manuel Diaz is called back to
                    Mexico to see HIS boss.
                         

                    And then?
                         

                    And then we know where his boss is.
                         

                    Fausto Alarcon, Manuel's cousin...
                    Manuel's boss... He is an
                    executioner...
                         
          Alejandro stands beside them, but looks out over the black
          desert.
                         

                    When people die in my country, it
                    is with his hand or his blessing.
                    To find him would be like...
                    discovering a vaccine. Manuel will
                    lead us to him.
                         
          His kind, hollow eyes meet Reggie's. Alejandro manufactures a
          smile.
                         

                    Certainly, you understand the value
                    of that.
                         

                    Alright... We're good. Just don't
                    keep us in the dark.
                         

                    There is only dark, my friend.
                         
          Reggie studies this strange, sad man. Looks at him with
          something between fear and mistrust. Macy just looks tired
          and mad. Matt takes them both in.
                         

                    What happens when you find him?
                         
          But Alejandro is already walking back to the warehouse.
                         

                    It's been a humdinger of a day. Go
                    home. Get some rest. We'll find a
                    ride. See you tomorrow.

                         
                         
          Matt turns and walks back.
                         

                    I just drove a hundred fucking
                    miles...
                         

                    This is a blessing, trust me. I
                    want to stop and get some
                    cigarettes.
                         

                    Got you smoking again... it was
                    that bad?
                         
          She moves to the car.
                         

                    Worse.
                         
          Reggie watches Matt walk back in the warehouse, trying
          desperately to play catch up. Wondering why no one, his
          partner included, will tell him anything...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Reggie drives down an empty interstate 19. Up ahead, he spots
          a TRUCK STOP.
                         

                    Not that I think you should, but if
                    you want cigarettes --
                         
          He looks over -- she is sound asleep. He drives past the
          truck stop, tail lights fading into the desert...
                         

                         

                         
          Macy lays in bed watching the blades of her ceiling fan in
          their endless revolution. She rises -- dressed in pajamas at
          last -- and heads to the kitchen.
                         
          She pours a cup of coffee, heads to her computer. Pulls up
          the CNN website, scrolls the news, nothing about a shoot-out
          on the border.
                         
          Goes to the El Paso newspaper website. Nothing there either.
          She googles SHOOT OUT, JUAREZ... is bombarded with images.

                         
                         
          Her screen is flooded with photos: women naked, tortured,
          beaten. Breasts cut off, pinkish flesh exposed.
                         
          Bodies of men in ditches, dead in chairs, dead in cars...
          dead everywhere. But nothing of yesterday. The images invade
          her. Can't look anymore...
                         
          She digs up a cigarette, goes to her screen door, opens it
          and steps out, lights her smoke.
                         
          She sees Reggie pull up and park. She yells down to him.
                         

                    What's up?
                         

                    You're phone's off.
                         

                    Yep.
                         

                    We gotta go. Those spooks been
                    calling me all morning.
                         

                    Want some coffee?
                         

                    We gotta go.
                         

                    I have to get dressed. Come up.
                         
                         
                         

                         
          Reggie leans against the dining room table, cup of coffee in
          hand. Macy moves from her bathroom, slacks on and only an
          old, off white bra. He notices. Doesn't hide it.
                         

                    Gotta get you a new bra, woman.
                         

                    List of things I need is almost
                    infinite.
                         

                    Just saying. You gotta... some nice
                    lacy something.
                         
          She walks in the room, buttoning the last of her shirt.

                         
                         

                    Been so long since anyone's seen me
                    in a bra, except you... don't look
                    at me like that. No pity, thank
                    you.
                         

                    How was seeing Evan the other day?
                         

                    ...I don't know.
                         

                    Miss him?
                         

                    Guy works eighty hours a week and
                    thinks I'm too focused on my job.
                         

                    Mmhmm. And what does that tell you?
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    Ask me something else.
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    What was it like? On the border.
                         
          She turns to him. How do you describe it...
                         

                    It's broken ... The whole place.
                    Just ... Lost.
                         
          He absorbs that.
                         

                    Wish you hadn't volunteered for
                    this.
                         

                    Me too. But... I have to know.
                         

                    Know what?
                         

                    Could it get that bad here?

                         
                         

                    Well, you sure picked the mother
                    fuckers to show us.
                         

                    Yeah...
                         

                         
          Reggie and Macy knock on the door. It opens. Matt, dressed
          for golf, stands there with a slurpee.
                         

                    Come on in.
                         
          They walk into the `suite', the best a motel room can be. The
          walls are covered with TOPO MAPS of Arizona, ROAD MAPS, and
          GEOLOGICAL MAPS... Alejandro sits at a table with FOUR
          MIGRANTS from the warehouse. Worker bees.
                         
          Alejandro points to a spot on the map with a chopstick from
          their take out.
                         

                    You can't cross there.
                         
          Points somewhere else.
                         

                    There is okay.
                         

                    But the coyotes there are crooked.
                    No women can cross there...
                         
          Alejandro looks at Matt.
                         

                    We should watch here.
                         
          Alejandro points to another spot, just across the border from
          Sasabe, Mexico.
                         
          All the migrants say `No!' In unison, even laughing at the
          notion.
                         

                    That is drug land. The only people
                    that cross there are forced to. To
                    keep the Border patrol busy.

                         
                         

                    You try to cross there, they will
                    kill you. And for a woman... a rape
                    tree for her.
                         

                    That is for their tunnels. Never
                    cross where there is tunnels.
                         

                    You know this land? A tunnel where
                    cars can pass?
                         

                    Oh yeah. For years, the best place
                    to cross... right here.
                         
          He points to a depression on the TOPO MAP.
                         

                    This arroyo? You can walk it all
                    the way to highway 86. There is
                    shade and a spring -- here. But a
                    tunnel is there now. Don't go
                    there...
                         
          Reggie's jaw is on the floor.
                         

                    Are you getting this?
                         

                    Yeah. I don't believe it, but I
                    understand what they're saying.
                         

                    Can you mark the tunnel on here?
                         
          Hands him a pen.
                         

                    Sure. It's been a while. Three
                    years. They made me dig for a month
                    to cross. I snuck out one night and
                    ran... They hide the entrance
                    behind an old car.
                         

                    Guillermo was telling the truth.
                         
          Alejandro looks at Matt.

                         
                         

                    This is our way across. Right
                    here. Where
                    do you live?
                         

                    East of the airport.
                         
          Matt spoons the last of his slurpee. Turns to Macy.
                         

                    How good is your Spanish?
                         

                    Not great.
                         

                    Mine is. How did you get all this?
                         
          Matt smiles, spooning himself slurpee.
                         

                    Power of persuasion.
                         

                    Know a Wells Fargo on Baseline?
                         

                    No cabron. We drive to Cave Creek
                    for the bank. There is a Wells
                    Fargo on Baseline, but it is a
                    narco bank. The narcos hit you as
                    you walk to it... Only the
                    Salvadorans use it, cuz they don't
                    know... the soldiers deposit narco
                    money there. They will rob you
                    cabron, to make up for what they
                    skimmed. No, you have to bank up by
                    the white cowboys, that is safest.
                         

                     Guillermo told the
                    truth about everything.
                         

                    We're gonna have a good day.(Points
                    to the migrants) Let's send these
                    guys home.
                         

                    Border patrol's not down there.

                         
                         

                     Think they'd tell us all this and
                     then go back to Mexico? You get one
                     night's sleep and forget
                     everything?
                         

                     Thank you ... don't cross again.
                     Not for a long time.
                         
          The migrant looks down at a small card in his hand. The
          others have them as well.
                         

                     These green cards are good?
                         

                     Better than good, my friend.
                         
          The men get up casually and walk out, sipping their soft
          drinks. Matt looks at Macy.
                         

                     Have friends at Phoenix SWAT?
                         

                     Yeah, we use them for breeches when
                     HRT is busy.
                         

                     They any good?
                         

                     Yeah... they get a lot of practice.
                         
          He nods.
                         

                     Got a new frame of reference for
                     practice now, don't you. Let's give
                     Phoenix SWAT a call, shall we?
                         

                      What did you find
                     out?
                         
          He lays a hand on her shoulder. The intimacy of the gesture
          surprises her.
                         

                     We are close.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          We watch a MAN, 20'S, BAGGY JEANS, WHITE T-SHIRT, sitting on
          the curb, fiddling with an IPhone.
                         

                    We taking him when he makes the
                    grab?
                         

                    When he comes out of the bank. We
                    need the deposit receipt to seize
                    the account. Let him do the
                    assault... we hit him when he comes
                    out.
                         
          Through the lens we see A WOMAN, 50's, waddling up. The young
          man approaches her. He's talking to her. She shakes her head.
          He discreetly punches her in the kidney.
                         
          She reacts, then reaches into her purse. She hands him cash,
          then kneels down and begins writing something on a piece a
          paper.
                         

                    What is she doing?
                         

                    Endorsing over her paycheck.
                         
          She stands and walks the other way, holding her side. The
          young man walks in the bank.
                         
          PULL BACK and reveal, we are:
                         

                         
          Matt, Reggie, Macy, Alejandro, and CORY, 35, SWAT SERGEANT.
          Two other SWAT officers, and a MAN IN A SUIT.
                         

                    Can we get in position?
                         

                    When he walks out of the bank, we
                    pull beside and you take him.
                         
          The young man walks out of the bank and is moving down the
          street. We are moving now.
                         

                    Now.

                         
                         

                     Take him.
                         
          We see TWO PHOENIX PD VEHICLES round the corner. The van
          doors are thrown open and Cory and his guys are on the run.
          The young man turns but by the time he does, Cory has tackled
          him.
                         
          The man in the suit, Reggie, and Macy get out. Alejandro and
          Matt stay in the van.
                         

                    You have any weapons?
                         
          He's frisking him. Finds a small bag of meth, the cell phone,
          and the bank receipt.
                         

                    Where's uh... what's his name.
                         

                    Here.
                         
          He hands him the bank receipt and the man disappears
          inside...
                         
          Cory continues digging and finds five thousand in cash on the
          young man.
                         

                    Little walking money, sport?
                         
          Macy takes this all in. A crime she didn't even know existed.
          She walks back to the van.
                         

                    You guys coming?
                         
          Matt shakes his head `no'.
                         

                    Don't go in the bank, Kate.
                         

                    This is something I can actually
                    build a case on.
                         


                         
                         
          She turns and walks in.
                         


                         
                         
          We hold on a PRINTOUT OF ACCOUNT ACTIVITY.
                         
          Deposit. Deposit. Deposit. Deposit. Every day. The account
          balance around two million dollars.
                         

                    These are all Manuel Diaz's
                    accounts?
                         

                    Yeah. Look here.
                         
          Macy and Reggie are leaning over him.
                         

                    Cash Deposits coming in daily, the
                    balance transferred to a money
                    market account in 9000 dollar
                    increments. All cash transactions
                    10,000 and over must be reported to

                         

                    And you can seize that.
                         

                    Already have. I'll go through these
                    wire transfer numbers and freeze
                    all these accounts as well... this
                    is a really big bust. I don't know
                    why we've never tried this before.
                    Who knew they just stood outside
                    banks and robbed people, then
                    deposited the money...
                         
          Macy and Reggie ask themselves the same question.
                         
          A WELLS FARGO MANAGER walks over some more paperwork. The man
          in the suit looks it over.
                         

                    Wow.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    Know what this is?
                         
          He shows her a printout.
                         

                    No.

                         
                         

                       It's a bank line of credit. You
                       make payments over what you owe and
                       it doesn't show as cash it shows as
                       a negative loan balance... See
                       that?
                         
          He points to the loan amount.
                         

                         

                       Oh my god.
                         
          Macy walks out of the bank and straight to the van, Reggie
          right behind.
                         
          She looks bewildered and scared. She climbs in next to them.
                         

                       They just seized seventeen million
                       dollars... I need that explained to
                       me. Guillermo Diaz told you all
                       that in an HOUR?
                         

                       We knew where his accounts were, we
                       just didn't know they were shaking
                       people down in front of the fucking
                       branch. It's a bogus bust, though.
                       Can't prosecute it. No one controls
                       who deposits money in an account.
                       An attorney will have that money
                       back in a few months... but a lot
                       of heads will roll before then...
                         

                       We can arrest Manuel for now. At
                       least get him off the street.
                         
          Heads off.
                         

                       Don't you dare.
                         
          She turns back to them.
                         

                       We need him to get called back to
                       Mexico. That's the objective, Kate.

                         
                         

                    That makes NO sense... We can get
                    him off the street! RIGHT NOW. If I
                    can tie any of these payments to--
                         

                    You can't arrest him.
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    Watch me.
                         
          She marches back toward the bank.
                         
                         
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Macy and Reggie sit across from Jennings and Phil. Bob Fiske
          is there as well.
                         

                    US Attorney won't issue the
                    warrant. I can't override--
                         

                    This is ridiculous. His guys are
                    robbing people IN FRONT OF THE
                    BANK... So we find out where his
                    boss lives in Mexico. Big deal.
                    I've seen the Mexican police in
                    action and believe me --
                         
                         

                    Kate... what do you want? What
                    would you like done here?
                         

                    I would like to follow some
                    semblance of procedure, and build a
                    prosecutable case against --
                         

                    We prosecuted more felony drug
                    cases in this region last year than
                    in the two previous years combined.
                    Are you feeling that on the street?
                    You getting the `vibe' that we"re
                    winning?

                         
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    No.
                         

                    Do you?
                         

                    No... I don't.
                         

                    Advisors like Matt come in, stir
                    the pot, cause these criminals to
                    react and make mistakes. That's how
                    we build cases against the
                    individuals that actually make a
                    difference in this fight. When
                    they're nervous, when they stop
                    trusting their crews, when they
                    move their money... these are all
                    opportunities to strike... that's
                    the purpose of contractors like
                    Matt.
                         

                    This isn't something I dreamed up
                    myself, Kate. I don't have the
                    authority to hire advisors or
                    authorize joint agency missions. Or
                    fly agents from air force bases,
                    are you understanding me? These
                    decisions are made far from here.
                    By officials elected to office, not
                    appointed to them... so if your
                    fear is operating out of bounds I
                    am telling you, you're not. The
                    boundary has been moved. Got it?
                         
          She does. But that doesn't mean she likes it...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Macy and Reggie drive in silence. Nowhere in particular...
          Just driving.
                         

                    Where'd that guy say the safe banks
                    were, Cave Creek?

                         
                         

                      Yeah?
                         

                      Ever been there?
                         

                      Don't even know where it is...
                         

                      North of Scottsdale. Horse
                      country...
                         

                      Yeah?
                         

                      Big saloon there called the Buffalo
                      Chip... Feel like a beer somewhere
                      far away?
                         

                      Why? There an angle here?
                         

                      Yeah. Angle is me getting drunk and
                      forgetting about today.
                         

                      At the Buffalo Chip? Yeah... I'll
                      go to the Buffalo Chip. Get my two
                      step on... Drive your drunk ass
                      home later...
                         
          For the first time, we see her laugh.
                         

                      Alright. To the Chip.
                         
          They drive North, in search of a moment's escape.
                         

                         
          Behind   the saloon is a small arena, a   corral to it's right.
          In the   corral, a half dozen bulls. In   the arena -- a young
          cowboy   on a bull, hanging on for dear   life. Country music
          blares   through speakers from the beer   garden just beyond...
                         
          About twenty people sit on bleachers watching the bull
          riders, Macy and Reggie among them, drinking beer from giant
          cups.
                         

                      That fool's crazy.

                         
                         

                    These guys are pros, this is where
                    they practice.
                         

                    This what you do? Come here
                    trolling for rednecks...
                         
          Macy laughs. Reggie takes in the crowd -- lots of young
          blonde girls in hats and jeans two sizes too small.
                         

                    Peckerwoods got some fine-ass women
                    though.
                         

                    Bet I start seeing you here weekly.
                         
          The next bull erupts from the chute, sending a cowboy ass
          over elbow...
                         

                    I'll say this... these folks got it
                    figured. Music's all..(He stamps
                    his foot and claps) bout life
                    just... beating em, but still
                    happy. Can't take that away from
                    em.
                         

                    Let's go inside. I wanna dance.
                         

                    Lit's git in thar an' boot scoot.
                         

                         
                         
                         
                         

                         
          Macy and Reggie have infiltrated a line dance. Reggie's
          interpretation is mockery, but his gun is visible, so no
          one's saying shit...
                         
          Macy laughs, spins. Doesn't know how to line dance... feels
          good to move anyway. She sways, clicks her heels, and acts
          like a woman, for just a moment...

                         
                         

                         
          Macy   and Reggie sit at a long table, many beers in. They are
          easy   together... Would be easy to make a mistake tonight and
          fuck   up a great partnership, but they've walked this line
          many   times before.
                         

                      I think some of these girl's are
                      getting drunk enough to forget
                      they're racist.
                         

                      Oh for God's sake, a Black man is
                      president. Racism is dead, and even
                      if it wasn't when he popped Bin
                      Ladin he won over the hold outs.
                         
          A blonde thing is smiling at him.
                         

                      Yeah, baby.
                         
          Reggie notices a HANDSOME COWBOY. Tall, broad shoulders...
                         

                      I know him.
                         

                      Who?
                         

                      He's Phoenix PD.
                         

                       Really... Invite him
                      over.
                         


                         
          Ted turns to the sound. Seems surprised to see Reggie. Walks
          over. He carries what looks like a gym bag.
                         

                      What do you got there man?
                         

                      I rode tonight.
                         

                      A bull? No shit?

                         
                         

                    Yeah. Were you watching?
                         

                    For a minute, how'd you do?
                         

                    Tossed right out of the chute.
                     Hi.
                         
          She smiles a bit. Shy even...
                         

                    Sit down, man.
                         

                    Let me grab you guys some beers,
                    what is that?
                         

                    Anything, man.
                         
          He walks off.
                         

                    Married?
                         

                    All yours. In my basketball league.
                         

                    Good guy?
                         

                    He's great. Sergeant in vice.
                    Divorced, couple kids I think...
                         
          Macy watches him as he orders. The girl beside him, much
          younger and pretty, is chatting him... He's chatting back.
          She retreats into her shell, feeling foolish for thinking it
          would be that easy to meet someone... She clouds. Reggie
          notices.
                         

                    I'ma cock block that little blonde
                    for you... gonna be a sacrifice...
                         

                    Yeah... Thanks.
                         
          Reggie walks up to Ted and the girl, charms his way between
          and gabs them both. We see Macy, letting herself be
          hopeful...

                         
                         

                         
          Reggie, the blonde, Ted, and Macy all sit together. Ted sits
          beside Macy -- the battle lines are drawn for the night --
          she is his. He is showing them the cinch that goes around the
          bull's belly.
                         

                    You wrap this around and then- (he
                    grabs Macy's arm) I'll demonstrate.
                         
          He wraps the nylon belt around her hand once, twice, three
          times...
                         

                    I know where this is going --
                         

                    Don't discourage him. Know how long
                    it's been since someone tied me up?
                         
          Ted and Macy share a charged look. She smiles.
                         

                    Don't give me any ideas.
                         

                    I'm trying very hard to give you
                    ideas.
                         
          The tension of it, the flirt of it, she looks ten years
          younger... Alive. They hold each other's eyes, almost like a
          dare... He's captivated by her.
                         

                     I want to take you
                    outside.
                         
          There it is... Macy surrenders with a smile...
                         

                    Okay.
                         
          They stand like school kids.
                         

                    Scuse us. We're just gonna...
                         

                    Mmhmm.
                         

                    Take a look around back.

                         
                         

                    Yeah.
                         

                    Watch my bag.
                         
          We watch them walk off through the club.
                         

                         
          We are looking at the sheet metal outer wall of the saloon.
          Macy's head comes hard into frame, Ted's right after. They
          devour each other.
                         
          She tears at the snaps of his shirt, runs her hand along his
          chest, grabbing a handful of chest hair and pulling.
                         
          He tears frantically at her pants. Gets them unbuttoned and
          slips his hand inside. Her head flies back in ecstacy.
                         

                    What am I -- Uhh.
                         
          With one hand she attacks his belt and pulls at the zipper of
          his jeans. She reaches into his jeans. His turn to moan...
                         

                         
          Reggie has the cinch and is toying with the blonde girl.
                         

                    See you can also... let me show
                    you...
                         
          She laughs at his attempt to do the wrap Ted did.
                         

                    Fuck it.( He pulls out his
                    handcuffs) We'll just use these.
                         
          She loses herself in laughter.
                         

                    Okay... 
                    Anything else fun in there?
                         

                    Let's see...
                         
          Shows her Ted's hand cuffs.
                         

                    Did you two plan this??

                         
                         
          He laughs, then spots something else. At the bottom of the
          bag, he sees it --
                         
          A computer print out of a photo from the Wells Fargo security
          camera... A PHOTO OF MACY.
                         
          Everything about Reggie changes.
                         

                    Got a cell phone?
                         

                    Yeah... What?
                         

                    Call 911. Right fucking now, call

                         
          Puts his badge on the table.
                         

                    Tell them I said so. Read them the
                    badge number.
                         
          And Reggie is gone. The girl starts dialing.
                         

                         
          MACY'S back is against the Sheet metal, Ted pressed against
          her. Bare legs wrapped around him. He thrusts deep inside
          her.
                         
          It is rapid, almost angry. She needs this. Release is coming,
          she moans freely now, she's so close--
                         
          We see something moving toward them in a blur.
                         
          Reggie's fist slams the side of Ted's face. It knocks him out
          of frame, exposing Macy completely naked below the waist,
          legs spread wide against the wall.
                         
          She panics, reaching down to pull up her pants and falls over
          as Reggie jumps on Ted, beating him senseless.
                         



                         
          Ted is helpless, curled into a fetal position, face broken
          and bleeding.
                         

                    What are you doing???

                         
                         
          Sirens can be heard. Reggie has Ted cuffed now and is
          frisking him. Knife in his boot. Pistol in the other boot.
                         

                    He was sent here. There's
                    surveillance photos of you IN HIS
                    BAG!!! He works for the fucking
                    cartel.
                         
          She leans against the wall, still flushed and breathing
          heavy, so close to orgasm, now the farthest thing from it.
                         

                    Reggie... pull up my pants for me?
                         


                         

                    You got it wrong... nothing was
                    gonna happen... wasn't... Didn't
                    even know she--
                         
          Reggie kicks him quiet. Macy starts to do something she
          hasn't done in a decade. She's fighting it, but sex brought
          so much emotion with it. And now -- no release. Try though
          she may, she starts to cry.
                         
          Reggie goes to her and hugs her as CAVE CREEK POLICE VEHICLES
          pull into the parking lot, sirens blazing.
                         

                         

                         
          EVERYONE IS HERE NOW. FBI. All of them. Ted is loaded into a
          car.
                         
          Macy rests against a SQUAD CAR, smoking a cigarette, too
          exhausted to care that she looks like she just got fucked
          outside a bar.
                         
          Director Jennings walks up, leans against the car beside her.
                         

                    See what I mean? They try to react
                    and make mistakes... you want a

                         

                    No.

                         
                         

                    Then keep shaking the tree. Let's
                    see what else falls.
                         
                         
          Jennings stands.
                         

                    Finding that photo and luring him
                    out. That was smart.
                         
          His knowing smile says: our little secret.
                         
          She nods in appreciation.
                         

                    Thank you, Dave.
                         

                    Thank you. Unlike most of the perps
                    we see, Phoenix PD officers facing
                    thirty years in prison have plenty
                    to lose. We'll know whatever he
                    knows very soon.
                         
          Jennings walks off. Macy pulls a long drag from the
          cigarette. She looks at it, and must accept the fact that she
          is once again a smoker...
                         
          Reggie walks up to her. He hands her a new pack. They look at
          each other. Try not to, but can't help it. They laugh... But
          when Macy's laughter risks turning to tears, she stops.
                         

                    Thought all you white girls shaved.
                         
          She starts laughing again.
                         

                    You saved my life.
                         

                    Nah. Think he was meant to scare
                    you, or test you, maybe...
                         

                    Are they following us?
                         

                    Don't know. They're gonna take your
                    vehicle, look for a transmitter.
                    Which would mean there's someone in
                    our house involved too.


                         

                    Maybe someone tailed us from the
                    bank... I don't know.
                         
          The not knowing scares her.
                         

                    Thank you. I mean it.
                         
          He accepts it with a nod.
                         

                    Where is he now?
                         

                    Backseat of your car. With our
                    shadows.
                         
          Takes that in.
                         

                    I hope they kill him.
                         

                    You don't mean that.
                         

                    ... No.
                         
          They lean against the car in silence.
                         

                         
          Ted sits in the backseat, face destroyed. The reality of his
          situation now fully in front of him. Matt sits in the front
          seat, Alejandro beside him.
                         

                    Okay. Okay. Okay...
                         

                    You said that Ted.
                         

                    Look... I. I. I was asked what her

                         
          As quick as a cat, Alejandro stabs his thumb into Ted's eye.
          Ted pitches forward.
                         

                    The beauty of you being so beat to
                    shit... No one's gonna notice a
                    couple more scratches... this is a
                    new game, Ted.


                         

                    I'm the guy who will decide if your
                    daughters get Federal protection or
                    whether we post your ex wife's
                    address on the internet. I decide
                    whether you go to prison at a work
                    camp in Missouri or a kill house
                    like Corcoran. This is where you
                    negotiate how to survive...
                         

                    I'm in really fucking deep here.
                         

                    How many officers do they have on
                    the force?
                         

                    I don't know... How do I guarantee
                    my family's safe?
                         

                    You want the truth?
                         

                    Please.
                         

                    Give the names, give the houses,
                    phone numbers ... Give me all of
                    you.
                         
          We watch from a distance as Matt and Alejandro listen. Matt
          stands and waves over the Director and other agents. They
          lean over and listen to Ted spilling.
                         
          Ted is then removed and marched toward another vehicle.
          Alejandro and Matt walk toward Macy.
                         

                    Good job.
                         
          She laughs at the conviction this lie is given by everyone.
                         

                    I love how we're all going to
                    pretend I planned this.
                         

                    You write it that way in the
                    report.  Yes?
                         

                    Well ... she found the picture and
                    led him outside.

                         
                         

                    Real quick thinking, Kate.
                         

                    Yeah ... So, can I go home tonight
                    or ...
                         

                    Sure ... This is good news. They're
                    going to call Manuel back. Soon.
                         

                    Whoopee. Then we can call the
                    Mexican police to go arrest their
                    employer. Why do I think that won't
                    happen?
                         

                     Gotta
                    have a little faith.
                         
                         
          Matt walks off.
                         

                    You can come stay with me.
                         

                    I'll be fine... They have your
                    picture too, you know.
                         

                    Yeah. Thought crossed my mind.
                         
          Phil waves Reggie over. Macy is alone. She looks left, and
          Alejandro is beside her.
                         

                     I understand now, okay?
                    They're everywhere and I'll never
                    know who to trust, as evidenced by
                    me fucking my hit man behind a bar.
                         

                    He wasn't an assassin. He was just
                    supposed to be your friend and
                    hopefully find out who is showing
                    you how to hurt them. They are
                    looking for us, not you.
                         

                    That doesn't scare you?

                         
                         

                    I've been doing this for a long
                    time.
                         
                         
          He looks out over the cactus.
                         

                    In Mexico, police do not
                    investigate crimes for the
                    government. Attorneys do. That's
                    what I did. I was very close to
                    arresting someone who ... someone I
                    shouldn't have tried to arrest.
                         
          His mind wanders back. He remembers...
                         

                    The brilliance of what they do when
                    they mutilate a body is make people
                    think -- Oh, that person must have
                    done something to receive such a
                    death. They must have been
                    involved.
                         
          He looks at her.
                         

                    They must have deserved it ... And
                    for the family ... It soils every
                    memory you have of that person.
                    They make it impossible to imagine
                    the face you loved without seeing
                    the initials carved into her
                    forehead. Imagine her body without
                    seeing her chest with -- remember
                    her before...
                         
          He draws in a deep breath. Swallows the emotion.
                         

                    Her breasts were cut off ...
                    Remember your child without ...
                         
          He looks off. Can't even say it ... Won't say it.
                         

                    They kill the body, the memory,
                    everything.
                         
                         
          She shivers as she digests his words. Alejandro looks up to
          the stars. Studies them.

                         
                         

                    You remind me of my wife. I find it
                    very difficult to look at you.
                         
          He steps away.
                         

                    Get some rest tonight. Tomorrow
                    they will call Manuel back, and we
                    will cut a leg from them.
                         
          He walks back toward Matt, leaving Macy staring out across
          the desert.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Silvio sleeps. A shadow crosses his face. He opens an eye.
          Eliseo stands there holding coffee and a plate of eggs and
          tortillas.
                         

                    Juevos?
                         

                    Si papa.
                         

                    Con jalapenos?
                         

                    Si.
                         
          Silvio sits up. Takes the coffee, drinks. No booze in it.
          Thinks about sending it back, but the look on Eliseo's face
          makes him reconsider. He'll get drunk soon enough. He takes
          the plate and feeds.
                         
          Eliseo sits on the bed.
                         

                    Trabajando hoy?
                         

                    En la noche.
                         

                    Quere jugar baseball? En el parque?
                         
          The man chews. Thinks. Exaggerates his expressions.

                         
                         

                    Hmmmm ... baseball.
                         
          The boy laughs.
                         

                    BASEBALL!!! Si.
                         

                    Okay.
                         
          The boy shoots off like a rocket. Silvio laughs. As he eats,
          we see the AK 47 by the bed. A bag of coke and a thousand or
          so dollars on the night stand.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Macy and Reggie pull in and park next to five US GOVERNMENT
          SUBURBANS. They get out and walk past them.
                         
          They get to the room and knock.
                         

                         
          Matt lets them in. He wears desert camo fatigues, as do most
          of the people in the room. There are computers linked to
          monitors. One displays footage of MANUEL DIAZ'S HOUSE and
          OFFICE. Another is footage of the DESERT. But that footage is

                         

                    We may have the tunnel, right here.
                         
                         
          We look at the footage. Cactus and desert grass in the
          foreground. In the background, a ravine.
                         

                    We'll know soon enough.
                         

                         
          We look at cactus and brush along a ridge. Slowly,
          caterpillar slow, the brush begins moving. We can just make
          out an enormous telephoto lens wrapped in camouflage tape.
                         

                         
          Matt points to coolers filled with Gatorade and Red Bull.

                         
                         

                    Tasty beverage?
                         
          This guy ...
                         

                    What's the plan?
                         

                     Going hunting.
                         
          There is a DOD AGENT wearing headphones and sitting in front
          of what looks like a sound board linked to a computer.
                         
          From the other room, DELTA and one of his team members walk
          through. Moving toward the TOPO MAP on the wall.
                         

                    Alright. Listen up. We're waiting
                    for visual confirmation to move, so
                    let's clarify the op. We will drive
                    to this location. Proceed on foot
                    to this ridge.
                         
          He moves to a diagram of a tunnel.
                         

                    This diagram is based on other
                    tunnels that have been mapped. This
                    is NOT accurate, it is for
                    reference only. We expect a small
                    exit corridor on our side of the
                    border. They mark the international
                    border in the tunnel with red paint
                    so Border Patrol doesn't pursue
                    past that point. Once on the
                    Mexican side, there will be a small
                    staging area, then another shaft
                    will lead to the main warehouse and
                    the road that returns to Mexico.
                    Once we clear the mules, we don't
                    expect more than a dozen bandits.
                         
          DELTA looks at Matt.
                         

                    Wanna discuss ROE?
                         

                    We'll save that for later.
                         

                    This is an in and out. We are
                    clearing and placing an agent.


                         

                    Once we've cleared the tunnel and
                    dropped the agent, DEA will take
                    over the scene. Alright?
                         
          An operator watching a monitor speaks.
                         

                    This looks like confirmation.
                         
          We look at the monitor and see a large amount of brush, and
          behind it, an old wrecked car entangled in it.
                         

                    That looks like it. Okay, let's
                    gear up. Got a good drive ahead of
                    us.
                         
          They begin breaking down gear, pulling maps from the walls.
          Matt turns to an agent.
                         

                    First thing, get that surveillance
                    van operational.
                         

                    I need to fit your guy with a
                    locator.
                         

                    Do it.
                         
          The agent takes off.
                         
          Macy and Reggie's heads are spinning.
                         

                    Those guys are Special Ops. (To
                    Matt) Are we going on this?
                         
          Matt turns to them.
                         

                    You aren't really dressed for it.
                         

                    Well, you didn't fucking tell us.
                         

                    You went crying to daddy yesterday.
                    We don't want daddy to know
                    everything. Loose lips sink ships,
                    haven't you learned that yet? Don't
                    worry, we got extra--

                         
                         

                    We have tac gear in our car.
                         
          Alejandro steps into the room. Dressed in head to toe black.
          Face painted as well.
                         

                    Jesus.
                         
          She notices Alejandro's gear. Ear piece. Silenced HK Mark 23,
          tactical vest. Night vision goggles. No one else is dressed
          like him. The operator straps what looks to be a wrist watch
          on Alejandro's arm.
                         

                    What the fuck is he dressed for?
                         

                    Relax. You guys will hang back when
                    we get there, k?
                         

                    Then why are we going?
                         

                    Because CIA can't operate within US
                    borders without a domestic agency
                    attached. Right?
                         
          At last. She gets it. He smiles.
                         

                    Hey. All the drugs we find, you
                    guys get to confiscate. Gonna be a
                    big day.
                         
          He walks off.
                         

                    That's why we're here. That's the
                    only reason.
                         
          Reggie shakes his head.
                         

                    Great.
                         
          He walks out.
                         

                         
          Five suburbans and a large cargo van drive down the desolate
          highway as the sun begins to set.

                         
                         

                         
          Silvio sits in his little courtyard, watching the chickens.
          He tosses a handful of feed and they scamper after it. He
          drinks a beer. Three empties beside him. He looks at his
          watch. It's time. He gets up.
                         

                         
          Three state Police Vehicles. One being loaded full of bricks
          of marijuana. Silvio stands beside the car, smoking.
                         

                         
          Matt sits in the front seat. A Delta operator driving. Macy,
          Reggie, Alejandro and three Delta operators sit in the back.
                         
          Matt is on his cell.
                         

                    What. What. What's he saying?
                         

                    Um. Hold on... They called him
                    back. He's on the road now.
                         

                    Where.
                         

                    Turning left on Scottsdale. You got
                    about three hours and he'll be
                    across.
                         
          Matt turns back to the Delta operators.
                         

                    We're gonna have to hit the tunnel
                    the minute we get on the ground.
                         
          Matt looks at Macy and Reggie.
                         

                    Pretty exciting, huh?
                         
          They don't share his enthusiasm. They just want this to be
          over.
                         

                         
          Manuel is sweating, even though the AC blasts in his face. On
          the seat beside him is an overnight bag.
                         


                         
                         
          We watch Manuel's Range Rover get on the interstate.
                         

                    He's on I 10, travelling
                    southeast...
                         

                         
          A MEXICAN STATE POLICE VEHICLE ambleS down the road, heading
          toward the tunnel...
                         
                         

                         
          Silvio drives, marijuana bundles fill the backseat. He smokes
          a cigarette, he slows down, pulls off the pavement.
                         
                         

                         
          We watch from a distance as Silvio's vehicle bounces down a
          dirt road, disappearing into the desert as the sun hides
          behind the horizon.
                         

                         
          We pull off the highway and stop. A man in a ghillie suit
          stands up, walks toward them carrying a camera with an 800mm
          lens. Matt turns toward us.
                         

                    On foot from here.
                         

                         
          Macy steps out and sees another vehicle parked. Another half
          dozen men in full camo. From the back of the Suburban, six
          duffel bags are opened. Operators reach in and grab weapons,
          magazines, grenades. Generation 4 night vision goggles are
          passed to everyone. DELTA walks up to Reggie and Macy.
                         

                    Keep your fucking safeties on and
                    the barrels pointed down. Stay in
                    the back and don't shoot anyone on
                    my fucking team, got it?
                         
          Doesn't wait for a reply.
                         

                    We HAVE done this before.

                         
                         

                    I don't think we've done THIS.
                         
                         
          They move out. We watch the world through NIGHT VISION

                         
          We run a bit then kneel down. We are flagged forward. Kneel
          down. We leap frog this way forever.
                         
          Macy looks out over the desert. TWO COYOTES, are
          stopped, staring right at us. Macy makes eye contact. They
          begin trotting off, never breaking eye contact with Macy, as
          though they are begging her to follow. While she still can...
                         
          We come to a rise. Everyone lays down. DELTA whispers to
          Alejandro.
                         

                    Rules of engagement on this deal?
                         

                    I don't use those. Ask Matt.
                         
          DELTA turns the other way.
                         

                    Rules of engagement?
                         

                    Weapons free, my friend.
                         
          He whispers it down the line.
                         
          Reggie's eyes scream `what the fuck'.
                         
          We drop into a ravine and follow it. Up ahead we see the
          brush and the old car that is hood first in the ground, like
          it was dropped from the sky. The team lines up across from
          it.
                         

                     Where is the
                    target?
                         

                    Bout twenty minutes to the border.
                         

                    We need to boogie. And we
                    need to do it quiet till we find
                    the center.
                         
          Delta pulls his knife. Alejandro comes up to the front.

                         
                         

                    Good luck.
                         
          Alejandro nods. He and the Delta operators move ahead,
          silently. Disappear behind the old car. After a moment we
          follow.
                         
          We enter the tunnel. Moving fast.
                         
                         

                         
          We pass the body of a SMUGGLER, throat slit. We continue. A
          shaft banks left, we follow...
                         
          Another body lies on the ground, throat slit, though eyes
          wide open, bleeding out and staring up at us as we pass.
                         
          We see the operators ahead. DELTA backtracks to Matt.
                         

                     So we're clear, I don't
                    need to announce. Weapons free.
                         

                    They don't get freer buddy.
                         
          The operator moves forward, whispers to his group. They all
          pull out their 1911 pistols and attach silencers.
                         

                    Take the left shaft ... Make noise.
                         
          DELTA returns his pistol to it's holster, raises his rifle.
          His men follow suit.
                         

                    Don't want us with you?
                         

                    No. Draw them to you. The one I am
                    looking for will try and run.
                         
          The operators move into the left chamber, Alejandro moves off
          to the right. Matt holds Macy and Reggie up. Points to the
          ceiling: RED PAINT ALL THE WAY AROUND.
                         

                    Cross this and it's new rules.
                         
          She takes the dare.
                         

                    Fair enough.

                         
                         
          Matt moves down the left shaft.
                         

                       Fuck are we doing in here? Let's go
                       back.
                         
          Machine gun fire erupts. The fight has begun.
                         

                       We're in fucking Mexico!!
                         


                         
          He'll never leave her. As he moves up the tunnel, Macy looks
          right, toward the shaft Alejandro took. Can't resist.
                         


                         
          He's too far ahead to hear. She heads down Alejandro's path
          anyway.
                         

                         

                         
          We find SILVIO, and he is panicking, throwing the marijuana
          from his car to the ground. Another man runs up and helps.
                         


                         
          They hear more gunfire. Screw it. Silvio's not waiting around
          any longer. He gets in the driver's seat.
                         

                       Traiga me contigo!!!
                         

                       No cabron!
                         
          The man opens the passenger door as Silvio starts the squad
          car. A bullet penetrates the bandit's face, just under the
          eye. He drops as if he's been unplugged.
                         
          Silvio ducks down, throwing the car in reverse, but a hand
          reaches in the window, and turns the car off. Silvio looks up
          and sees --
                         
          Alejandro.
                         
          HE pulls Silvio from the car. Spins him around. Pulls the
          pistol from Silvio's belt. Tosses it on the ground.

                         
                         
          Silvio stares at Alejandro in absolute terror.
                         

                    El Medellin.
                         
          Alejandro places his pistol to Silvio's face.
                         

                    No me mata!!
                         
          Alejandro jams his thumb in Silvio's larynx. Silvio gasps for
          air. Alejandro grabs his hair, pistol to his head.
                         

                    What you do now is for your family.
                    Whether they see tomorrow rests
                    with you.
                         
          Tears roll down Silvio's cheek.
                         

                    You will drive me.
                         


                         
          Alejandro turns and sees Macy, her rifle trained on him.
                         

                    Put that down.
                         

                    STEP AWAY. I mean it. Move away
                    from him.
                         
          He looks at her.
                         
          The automatic fire from different tunnel shafts rushes in and
          out like blasts of hot air.
                         

                    We are in Mexico now. You have no
                    jurisdiction.
                         

                    We can't be here--
                         
          Alejandro raises his pistol and fires six rounds into Macy's
          chest.
                         
          She collapses to the ground, sucking for air. Alejandro walks
          over and grabs her rifle. Tosses it in the back of the Police
          car.

                         
                         

                    Don't ever point a weapon at me
                    again. Get your breath and go back
                    to the surface.
                         
          She gasps, clasping at the Kevlar vest that saved her life.
          She rolls onto her stomach and struggles to stand. Reaches
          for her pistol. Alejandro slams her face into his knee.
          Tosses her pistol across the room.
                         

                    Stop it Kate. Just stop. This is
                    what we were sent here to do.
                         
          He pulls her to her feet. Points his pistol at her.
                         

                    I don't have time. Go to the
                    surface. Now.
                         
          Blood pours from her shattered nose. She has lost and she
          knows it.
                         

                    You lured Manuel to Mexico so you
                    could kill him. This is your cab
                    driver.
                         

                    I am here to kill the man with the
                    power to summon Manuel Diaz. I am
                    here for Fausto. But I will kill
                    Manuel too. It's what I do, Kate.
                    Go. Or I will do it to you.
                         
          She stumbles back, turns around and runs.
                         

                     Get in.
                         
          Alejandro gets in the back seat of the police car.
                         

                    Drive back to Mexico.
                         
          The car backs up, spins and drives the tunnel road until we

                         

                         
          We are in the backseat, looking through the windshield.

                         
                         

                     I am through, do
                    you have my location?
                         

                    Copy. We have you. Target is east
                    and north of you. Looks like
                    highway 56 to 17 will intercept him
                    if he stays on 17. Will advise. Go
                    east on 56 off highway 2.
                         


                    Este a calle cinquinta y seis.
                         

                    I have a son... I... have a son.
                         

                    Having family... does that save the
                    lives of the men you are hired to
                    kill? Hmm?
                         
          Sylvio stares in the rearview mirror at the phantom ducked
          low behind him.
                         

                         
          Reggie looks around, doesn't see Macy anywhere. Spots Matt
          among the Delta team.
                         

                     Is he through?
                         

                    Copy. GPS is transmitting. Audio is
                    transmitting. Should intercept in

                         
          Matt pats DELTA on the back.
                         

                    This was a clean, clean fucking op
                    my friend.
                         
          Delta points back toward the approaching Reggie.
                         

                    Except for these assholes. Like it
                    better overseas where we don't have
                    baby sitters.
                         
          Reggie reaches them.

                         
                         

                    You see Kate?
                         

                    She's not with you?
                         
          Beat.
                         

                    We gotta go back.
                         
          Matt sighs.
                         

                    Okay, let's go.
                    We're missing one.
                         
          Delta rolls his eyes. They approach the tunnel entrance when
          Macy walks out. She spots Matt and punches him for all she's
          worth. He deflects it, sweeps her leg and she hits the
          ground. Hard.
                         
          Reggie rushes him.
                         

                    Hey man, what the --
                         
          He is grabbed and flung to the ground by DELTA. He holds
          Reggie's face to the ground with his boot. Rifle pointed at
          him.
                         

                    Just lay back, baby. Let it happen.
                         
          Reggie struggles for even a breath much less a response. Matt
          grabs Macy and pulls her back into the tunnel.
                         

                    He's an assassin. A government

                         

                    Our government doesn't have
                    assassins. We farm that out.
                         

                    Who is Medellin?? What is that?
                         
                         

                    Refers to a time when one group
                    controlled every aspect of the drug
                    trade. Providing a measure of
                    order. That we can control.


                         

                    And until someone figures out how
                    to convince 20 percent of the US
                    population to stop smoking and
                    snorting this shit, order is the
                    best we can hope for... Alejandro
                    is working to return that order.
                         

                    He works for the cartels in
                    Colombia... He works for the
                    fucking competition.
                         

                    He works for whoever points him
                    toward the people that made him,
                    Kate. Us, them, anyone that will
                    turn him loose.
                         
          He stands close to her.
                         

                    Get away from me.
                         

                    Take a breath and --
                         
          She pushes him hard.
                         

                    Fucking kill me or get out of my
                    way.
                         
          He looks at her. Takes a step back.
                         

                    Long walk back to Phoenix.
                         

                    I'll manage.
                         
          She walks out of the tunnel toward Reggie. DELTA removes his
          boot and walks away.
                         

                    Let's go.
                         
          Helicopters can be heard. In the distance, sirens are
          approaching.
                         
          Macy and Reggie walk away from the scene.
                         

                    What just happened?

                         
                         

                    They woke me up. Showed me the
                    whole thing.
                         

                    And?
                         

                    And I quit.
                         
          They continue to walk, sirens racing toward them.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Far ahead, we see TAIL LIGHTS. Silvio's labored breathing
          gives rhythm to the racing vehicle. Alejandro stays low in
          the back seat.
                         

                     This is the
                    target ahead? Confirm.
                         

                    Copy. Black Range Rover, 60 meters
                    ahead.
                         

                    Put on your lights. Pull the car
                    over.
                         
          He flips on his siren.
                         

                         
          He sees the siren.
                         

                    What the fuck. Want to bribe me,
                    eh.
                         
          He reaches for his pistol, puts it in his lap.
                         

                         
          The range Rover pulls over. Us right behind it. Silvio is
          breathing even heavier, if that's possible. So many ways this
          can go wrong...
                         

                    Use the speaker. Tell him to get
                    out of the car.

                         
                         
          Silvio grabs the radio handset, flips the switch, and his
          voice comes through the speaker on the roof of the car.
                         

                    Afuera del carro!!
                         

                         

                    This mother fucker...
                         
          He sticks the pistol in his waistband. Opens the car door.
          Steps out.
                         

                         
          We watch Manuel through the windshield. He is standing in the
          road.
                         

                    Tell him to raise his shirt and
                    turn around.
                         

                    Levanta su camisa.
                         

                    You know who I am? HUH??
                         

                    Tell him to do it or you will shoot
                    him where he stands.
                         

                    Voy a matarse cabron. Levanta tu
                    camisa.
                         
          Manuel does it. We see the pistol.
                         

                    Tira la pistola en la tierra.
                         
          Manuel throws his pistol in the dirt.
                         

                    Look how good you are at pretending
                    to be a police officer. Out of the
                    car. Now.
                         

                         
          Headlights blind Manuel, but he can see the car door has
          opened, and an image is moving toward him. He waits, for the
          fool who is robbing the wrong mother fucker.

                         
                         
          As the image reaches Manuel, something moves from behind it.
          Fast. An arm reaches around Manuel and two shots are fired
          from a silenced pistol. Now the pistol is held to the back of
          Manuel's head.
                         

                    Walk back to your car.
                         

                    Who was he?
                         

                    A mule. Like you.
                         
          Alejandro fires a round into Manuel's calf. He wails in pain.
          He fires another round into his right hand as it hits the
          asphalt. He screams louder.
                         

                    In the leg so you don't run. In the
                    hand so you don't try to fight and
                    make me have to kill you yet.
                         

                    You know... who .. The.. I AM A

                         

                    I know who you are, Manuel. You are
                    no jefe, but you will drive me to
                    one...
                         
          Alejandro kneels down, and for the first time, Manuel can see
          his face.
                         

                    If you try anything, if you betray
                    me, your daughters will burp the
                    semen of twenty men with their last
                    breath. Do you understand me?
                         
          Manuel's eyes go wide. He nods.
                         

                    Get in.
                         
          Alejandro opens the back door before letting Manuel get in
          the front. In an instant, Manuel is in the driver's seat and
          Alejandro seated behind. The doors are closed and the Range
          Rover disappears down the road. We are left with Silvio,
          gasping, struggling, like a fish tossed thoughtlessly on the
          beach, as he flops helplessly on the empty road.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          We near an isolated estate. We turn off the main road to a
          private road that leads a mile or so onto Fausto's hacienda.
                         
          As the large house comes into view. VEHICLES can be seen
          parked in front. We approach a car along the road, a man
          sitting on the hood.
                         
          Manuel rolls his window down.
                         

                    Soy Manuel Diaz.
                         

                    Si, te conosco. El Jefe esta
                    esperando.
                         
          The rear window rolls down. A pistol comes out. A silenced
          round is fired into the face of the man. He falls back on the
          hood.
                         

                    Drive.
                         

                    What happens when we get to the
                    house?
                         

                    You get out and walk toward them.
                         

                    What will happen to me?
                         

                    What you do now is for your family.
                    There is no you.
                         

                    You think you are so different?
                         

                    No. Not anymore. Now I am the same.
                    Turn the car a bit more to the
                    left.
                         
          The car stops. THREE MEN stand in the driveway with automatic
          rifles. The Range Rover is parked so the right headlight is
          pointed directly toward them.
                         
          Manuel opens the door and we are--
                         


                         
                         
          Manuel walks toward the men -- looking for a way out of this.
                         

                    Senor, buenos noches.
                         


                         
          Alejandro takes his pistol and presses the silenced barrel to
          the top of manuel's head, pulling the trigger and driving
          Manuel into the ground like a nail. As Manuel's body drops,
          Alejandro fires on all three men -- hitting them all in the
          head, killing them instantly.
                         
          He walks to the front door, opens it...
                         

                         
          A man rounds the corner into the main foyer and without
          slowing down, Alejandro touches the barrel to his forehead
          and fires.
                         
          We can hear the sound of talking in another room. Alejandro
          moves to it.
                         

                         
          FAUSTO, 50's, graying hair. Big belly. Sits at the head of
          the table. JACINTA, 30's trophy wife, sits beside him gulping
          wine. They have three CHILDREN, two girls and a boy. A woman
          in her 60's cooks in the kitchen.
                         

                    RAPIDO, MAMA!, tengo hambre!
                         
          Alejandro walks into the room, presses his foot against
          Jacinta's side, and launches her out of frame, then sits next
          to Fausto, presses the gun to his shoulder and fires. The
          children scream. Mama turns, Alejandro points the gun at her.
                         


                         
          She comes around and sits as ordered.
                         
          Jacinta stands up.
                         

                    He'll kill you. Stay still.
                         

                    Your children speak English?

                         
                         

                    No.
                         

                    Then we will spare them. I
                    interrupted dinner. Please...
                    Continue.
                         
          Fausto stares at him.
                         

                    Every night, you have families
                    killed, and yet you dine. Tonight
                    should be no different.
                         
          Points the pistol at him.
                         

                    Eat.
                         
          He slowly fills a fork, puts it in his mouth. Tells his
          children to do the same. They chew their meal and cry.
          Alejandro turns to the old woman.
                         

                    Take the children away from here.
                         
          She rises and hurries the children out of the dining area.
                         

                     You.
                    Whore. Sit over there.
                         
          She sits. Alejandro turns to Fausto, notices he has stopped
          eating. Picks up a fork and stabs it into Fausto's hand.
          Fausto screams.
                         

                    You're not finished. Eat...
                         
          Fausto forces down another bite, rests his trembling hand on
          the table.
                         

                    I will give you a choice, Fausto,
                    one I was not given... You may
                    choose to die tonight or live with
                    the shame of having the mother of
                    your children take your place...
                         
          He looks at Fausto. Fausto stops chewing. Processes what was
          just said.

                         
                         

                    Yes ... Choose.
                         
          Fausto looks at Jacinta. Her eyes say, "Goodbye my brave
          love"... Never dawns on her what he's thinking.
                         

                    I take shame.
                         
          She's stunned. Tears run her heavy make up. She looks to
          Alejandro. No mercy there. Back to her husband.
                         

                    I love me more. I'm sorry.
                         
          He isn't. It wasn't a hard decision. She turns to Alejandro.
          Holds her chin high in defiance.
                         

                    Do it. You fuck. Chinga tu madre

                         
          Alejandro looks at Fausto.
                         

                    See why you married her. Spunk.
                         
          Alejandro looks into Fausto's uncaring eyes.
                         
          Alejandro fires into Fausto's belly. Touches the barrel to
          his arm, fires again. Fausto screams. Alejandro presses the
          barrel to Fausto's throat, fires again. Fausto falls to the
          floor, gargling.
                         

                    Watch death come for you. Watch.
                    The devil is near, Fausto. He is
                    waiting for you.
                         
          Fausto's terrified eyes stare back at Alejandro as he gasps
          for air. Drowning in his own blood. There is no specific
          moment when death comes. He simply fades. Alejandro sits back
          down.
                         

                    This is what they think of you. You
                    see?
                         
          She stares at him, shaking so profusely you might think she
          is freezing to death.

                         
                         

                    Maybe you have enough pride that
                    you don't marry another one of
                    these. Maybe you take his money and
                    go hide and raise your children far
                    from here. Maybe your son grows up
                    to be a doctor. And I don't have to
                    come back and kill him some day.
                         
          Alejandro walks out, leaving Jacinta shivering alone at the
          dinner table.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          A shadow falls over an empty bed. Eliseo stands there... this
          has never happened before. He walks down the hall to the
          kitchen. His mother is in the same place, cooking. But the
          look in her eyes is anger. She knows he is dead. And may God
          damn him for making her be the one to tell their son.
                         
          He stands there. Staring at his mother.
                         

                    Mama?
                         

                         

                         
          Dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, she sits on the balcony,
          takes a drag of her cigarette. Looks at it.
                         

                    Three days ago I hadn't had you in
                    ten years... fucker.
                         
          She leans back and looks out over Phoenix as the sun sets.
          She exhales ... looks at the cigarette.
                         

                     You're the only one
                    who understands me.
                         

                    I think maybe, it will be the thing
                    that kills us all ... as a people,
                    you know?
                         
          Macy leaps up as if she's on fire, falls over her chair,
          comes up with her pistol. He moves so fast there is no time
          to react.

                         
                         
          In an instant, he has the gun and removes the magazine,
          disassembles the slide, and tosses the pieces on the table.
          She screams and rushes him. He spins her and pushes her back.
                         

                    Stop it.
                         
          He moves to her and gently touches her face, looking at the
          gash on her nose. She is frozen in fear.
                         

                    That will scar. I'm sorry.
                         
          She breathes heavy, trying to remain calm.
                         
          He begins lifting her shirt. She struggles and he grabs her
          throat. She looks into his eyes and it is a killer looking
          back.
                         

                    Please.
                         

                    Let me look ... Move your hand.
                         
          She surrenders, turns her head to the side. He lifts her
          shirt above her bare breasts. Six large, red welts...
                         

                    These ribs are bruised, but not
                    broken, yes?
                         
          She nods as her lip quivers. Clinging desperately to her
          dignity. She has never felt so powerless, and that is his
          point.
                         
          He drops her shirt and steps back. She crosses her arms,
          feeling very weak.
                         
                         
          Alejandro sits across from her.
                         

                    I would recommend not standing on
                    balconies for a little while.
                         
          She doesn't move.
                         

                    You're an assassin.
                         
          Beat.

                         
                         

                    In Mexico, the killers are called
                    Sicarios... The word comes from the
                    zealots of Jerusalem. Killers who
                    hunted the Romans that invaded
                    their homeland... They don't
                    deserve the term.
                         

                    You are a Sicario.
                         

                    Policing them does nothing. They
                    must be killed. Wherever they are
                    found. They will make every place
                    they touch Juarez. Now ... Now you
                    understand how far we have fallen.
                         
          He studies her-- arms crossed, legs close together.
                         

                    You look like a girl when you're
                    scared. Such beauty in you when you
                    let yourself be frail. Like the
                    daughter they took from me ... This
                    is not the work for you. Look at
                    yourself, Kate. What it has done to
                    you in just three days ... Find a
                    little town far from the border. A
                    place where the rule of law still
                    exists. You will spot predators
                    there very easy now... Make a
                    difference you can see everyday.
                    Because you will not survive here.
                    You are not a wolf. This is the
                    land of wolves now.
                         
          He looks at her. Smiles sadly and leaves.
                         
          She waits. Starts to cry, fights it back. Begins frantically
          reassembling the pistol. Rams the magazine in and racks a
          round. Comes around the corner. Enters the house. Looks
          around. Checks every room, panting, shaking. He is gone. She
          stands there and sobs...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          The mother walks with Eliseo, dressed for soccer. Down the
          empty street. Sirens in the distance.

                         
                         

                    We like to think if we cut the head
                    from the snake, the serpent will
                    die...
                         
          They round the corner. We follow them to a park. Weeds cut
          short to look like grass. Little boys dressed in uniforms,
          parents sitting in lawn chairs. A referee. Just people,
          desperately trying to enjoy the life they have been given.
                         

                    But there is no snake. They are
                    worms. When you cut the head, a new
                    one grows. From both segments ...
                    We cannot question if the end
                    justifies the means because there
                    is no end to consider...
                         
          Eliseo runs to join his team. Whatever his mother told him,
          it wasn't the truth.
                         

                    This is the price of our self
                    indulgence. Our weakness ... Our
                    appetite. They are our demons, our
                    creation.
                         
          The mother sits on the ground, watching the boys. Running.
          Playing. Being children. The referee blows a whistle. The
          boys assume their positions on the field. The forwards line
          up, facing each other. Eliseo is dead center, the team's
          star. The referee sets the ball in place...
                         

                         
          Everyone stops and stares in the direction of the gunfire. It
          is very still. People frozen like deer in a field -- weighing
          the risk. No more shooting. The morning is quiet again.
                         

                    There is a moment in each person's
                    life. A choice. Do what feels
                    good... Do what is good. Make the
                    wrong choice enough, and it is not
                    presented again... then all choices
                    are bad. And the consequences
                    worse. There is no war on drugs.
                    Only war. The enemy we fight?
                    Ourselves ...
                         
                         
          The referee blows the whistle and sets the ball down. The
          game begins.

                         
                         
          Eliseo swipes it and kicks it out of frame, the other boys
          chasing him...
                         
                         
                         



