


   



   









                             



               Being the true storie of one Ichabod Crane
                       and the Headless Horseman


                  Kevin Yagher and Andrew Kevin Walker

      Based on "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" by Washington Irving





                   Screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker








                                                     Third Draft










              A pleasing land of drowsy head it was,
              of dreams that wave before the half shut eye...












     An UGLY MAN charges through on a horse, holding a lantern
     forward on a long pole. He looks back, terrified.

     INSERT TITLE:  

     THUNDEROUS HOOFBEATS are HEARD behind.

     The ugly man glances back again.  His lantern swings wild...
     SHATTERS against a tree.  The jammed-up pole SLAMS the ugly
     man off his horse...

     He hits the ground.  He runs, trips, falls and scrambles up.

     DEEP IN THE FOREST, we glimpse the source of the HOOFBEATS: a
     HUGE FORM on a HUGE BLACK HORSE, already gone.

     The ugly man pushes through thorny bushes.  Jagged branches
     slit his hands and cheeks.

     He bursts from the briar patch and tumbles to a trail.  He
     lifts his bloodied face.  He runs.

     IN THE FOREST BEHIND: the hooves of the black horse rip
     underbrush.  HOOFBEATS DEAFENING.  A spur digs into the
     snorting steed's already bleeding flank.

     The pursuer's gloved hand draws a SWORD, blade RINGING.

     ON THE TRAIL, the ugly man runs on.  The shrill WHISTLE of a
     SWORD SWING is HEARD as the pursuer blurs past.

     The ugly man is still running when his head lolls back, at an
     impossible angle... tumbles off his shoulders... His headless
     body hits the dirt.




     Empty cobblestone streets.  Crooked buildings.  A RAPIDLY
     CLANGING BELL breaks the silence from afar.

     INSERT TITLE:  

     TWO CONSTABLES clamor round a corner, lanterns held high,
     listening.  They rush into an alleyway.

     ELSEWHERE, piers border the Hudson River.  The BELL is
     LOUDER. The two constables arrive, searching.  No one around.
     Constable One hefts his pistol, scared.


               Where are you?!

                             MAN'S VOICE 
               Here!  Over here!

     They hurry to the river's edge.  Down a hill, the MAN,
     another constable, stands with his back to us.  He's waist
     deep in water, tossing away his ALARM BELL.


               I need your help with this.

     Constable Two crosses on the peir above.  Constable One moves
     forward, wary.  The MAN grunts, lifting something.


               Constable Crane?  Ichabod Crane...
               is that you?

     The MAN turns.  Meet ICHABOD CRANE, handsome, eyes piercing.


               Yes, it is me.  But, not only me...
                     
               I found someone here...

     He drags a bloated MALE CORPSE up from the murky water.


               Someone quite dead.




     The elderly HIGH CONSTABLE lifts a blanket off the corpse on
     a wheelbarrow manned by Constable Two.  A snobby MAGISTRATE
     looks, disgusted.  Constable One and Ichabod wait.


               Burn it.


               Yes, sir.

     Constable Two wheels the corpse inside.  Ichabod's dismayed.


               Just a moment... if I may.  It is
               possible this man was murdered.


               He drowned.  Anyone could see.


               There are surgical ways of telling
               how he died... by the water in his
               lungs...

     Ichabod follows the High Constable and Magistrate in.



     Constable Two wheels the body ahead past many "booking"
     tables.  A JAILER moves to unlock a massive door.


               He will be burned pursuant to
               statutes of health.


               I could determine if he were dead
                he went into the Hudson.


               Must we again hear these heretical
               rantings?


               Yes, must we?


               There is nothing heretical about
               science, sir.  The Chinese have
               written on it for hundreds of
               years... procedural study used to
               solve seemingly unsolvable crimes.

     The door is opened.  The corpse again leads the way.



     A two-tiered prison, alive with MOANS of AGONY and CRIES of
     INSANITY.  Cells are full of wretched men in chains and iron
     gags.  Many are against the bars, watching.


               Our first night watch is adequate
               against fire and some violence,
               but if we were more often able to
               ensure justice, after the fact,
               then criminals would truly have
               something to fear from law
               enforcement.


               Have they nothing to fear presently?


               Without disrespect, look around you.
                     
               We overflow.  As do our courts.


               And,  disrespect, Constable,
               if jails and courts overflow, it is
               testimony to success, not failure.


               But, how many innocents rot here?
               And, how many victims are buried
               without reprisal while guilty men
               roam our streets?

     The High Constable reaches a desk, taking a seat.  Guards
     wait to process beaten, bloody prisoners.


               Very few, if any.


               Even though I have seen confessions
               pried from the lips of the accused,
               often quite literally?


               For one who calls himself a
               Federalist, your mouth reeks of
               Republican liberalism.


               Not Liberalism.  Equanimity.


                     
               Um, sir... might I suggest...

     The Magistrate WHISPERS in the High Constable's ear.  Ichabod
     notices with worry that Constables One and Two wheel the
     corpse onwards into another room.

     The Magistrate finishes.  The High Constable smiles faintly.


                     
               There is a farming community
               upstate, Constable... ten days
               journey north in the Hudson
               Highlands.  It is named Sleepy
               Hollow.  Within a fortnight, three
               persons have been murdered there.
               Each with their head lopped cleanly
               off.
                     
               The elders of the Hollow have sent
               dispatches to me, requesting
               assistance, and now, just this very
               moment, I have chosen you.


               Chosen me?


               These "methods" of yours... there
               has been no practical application.


               Not for lack of trying.


               Just so.  Granted.  And so you take
               your experimentations to Sleepy
               Hollow and catch the murderer who
               has tainted the place.  Bring him
               here to face our good justice.
               Will you do this for me?


                     
               I shall, gladly.


               Excellent.  Then, you are excused
               till morning.

     Ichabod moves away, heading to where the corpse was taken.


               Oh, and, Constable...
                     
               Do make certain that you meet with
               success.  Otherwise... perhaps you
               should not come back at all.

     The High Constable smiles a sardonic smile.



     The corpse burns in a raging furnace.  Flesh sizzles.

     Constable One pumps bellows which fan the flames.  Ichabod
     steps from darkness nearby.  He watches with bitter regret as
     the corpse is consumed.




     Market town streets bustle.  Filthy.  Pigs roam free.



     Decorated in Early-American Mad Scientist: books, papers and
     jars of chemicals.  Charts of anatomy above a small bed.

                             ICHABOD 
               Such a day for such a sad farewell.
               But, this is goodbye, my sweet.

     At the window, Ichabod holds a bird cage with a red CARDINAL
     inside.  He opens the cage.  The bird flies free.

     Ichabod watches it go, then looks down.  A COACH halts in the
     street below.  The forlorn DRIVER looks up.




     In motion.  Ichabod absently studies his hands, touching the
     strange SCARS on both palms: evenly dispersed, tiny dots of
     tissue.  Many scars.

     Ichabod lifts a LEATHER SATCHEL, checking its contents.



     TWO FAMILIES of MIGRANT WORKERS travel a path, leading over-
     burdened horses.  Ichabod's coach approaches from the other
     direction.  Ichabod looks out, unnerved.

     One GAUNT MAN watches Ichabod pass.  There is a dead, worried
     look in the man's eyes.  Others stare at Ichabod.




     Ichabod faces two massive, vine-covered PILLARS, unsure.  He
     turns to watch the driver lead the coach away.

     Ichabod walks between the pillars to a long straight road.
     He does not notice, above: THREE DEAD RAVENS hang from a tree
     limb, twine wrapped round their necks.



     Ichabod walks on with baggage.  The square is empty, a CHURCH
     and GRAVEYARD at one end.  The road ahead is bordered by
     businesses and homes.

     CONVERSATION DRIFTS from a tavern.  A criminal sits in
     stocks.  A quiet CRYING is HEARD.  Ichabod hears...

     He looks for its source.  It's from a window above, LOUDER.
     SOUNDS like the SOBBING of an OLD WOMAN.




     : a BELLTOWER stands tall, like a mast pole
     with a crow's nest basket atop.  There's a man in the basket
     and a huge BELL.

     Ichabod ponders this as he continues.  Ahead on a hill: the
     grand Van Tassel Manor House.



     MANY CHILDREN, in a circle, taunt a BLINDFOLDED YOUNG WOMAN
     spun round by the handsome, barrel-chested man, BROM VAN
     BRUNT.  A few YOUNG MEN and LADIES watch.  Brom releases the
     woman.  Everyone quiets and avoids her searching hands.


               This is such a silly game.


               Be a sport and stop complaining.

     The woman moves to Brom's voice.  He backs away, flanked by
     peers GLENN and THEODORE.  Children laugh.

     Ichabod enters, clearing his throat.  No one notices.  The
     blindfolded woman keeps grasping.  One LITTLE GIRL sees
     Ichabod and goes to him, finger to her lips.


               Play along.  You must.

     She tugs him.  Before Ichabod can protest, he is placed in
     the blindfolded woman's grip.


               There, I have someone.  Am I
               finished?


               You have to tell who it is.

     The woman touches Ichabod's face.  He is uncomfortable,
     affected by this caress.  Brom watches jealously.


               At least make a guess.


               I don't know.  Is it Brom Bones?


               Certainly not.


               Excuse me, Miss...
                     
               They have a laugh at your expense.

     She takes the kerchief off to reveal a stunning beauty:
     KATRINA VAN TASSEL.  Ichabod tries to compose himself.


               Forgive me, I didn't know.


               I... I am looking for Baltus Van
               Tassel.


               We haven't heard your name yet,
               friend.


               Well, unless your name is Baltus,
               you should not worry over mine.

     Brom grabs Ichabod's collar, pissed.  Ichabod's baffled.


               You need some manners.


               Brom!

     Brom looks at her, then reluctantly releases Ichabod.

                             MAN'S VOICE 
               What is this, then... ?

     BALTUS VAN TASSEL, 45, has entered, a working-class
     aristocrat.  LADY VAN TASSEL, 40, stands behind, a mix of
     home-spun wife and well-kept lady.


               Can I help you, sir?

     Ichabod's relieved to have a proper focal point.  Children
     gather around Katrina and hide behind her.


               I have been sent from the city
               with a letter of introduction.
               I am told you offer me room and
               board.

     Ichabod hands over papers.  Baltus reads, furrows his brow.


               If we could speak alone.


                     
               This is not a time for frivolity,
               Katrina, is it?  Am I mistaken?


               They're only children, father.

     Baltus snorts, then exits with Ichabod.  The others huddle to
     gossip, except Katrina, who moves beside Lady Van Tassel to
     watch Ichabod and Baltus walk down the hall.



     DOCTOR LANCASTER, 50, dour and always sweaty, takes a seat by
     the fire, joining Baltus and three other elders.  A pretty
     servant, SARAH, brings a pipe cradle while Lady Van Tassel
     sets down food.  Ichabod is standing.


               That will be all, ladies.
                     
               We are joined by Doctor Thomas
               Lancaster, Constable.  And to his
               left are, Clergyman Steenwyck and
               our able magistrate, Samuel Philipse,
               both keeping order in their own ways.

     PHILIPSE is youngest, eyes bloodshot, mug in hand and pipe in
     mouth.  CLERGYMAN STEENWYCK is formidably built, wearing a
     constant look of disapproval.


               I myself am in charge of financial
               matters and the regulation of
               currency in our commonwealth.  And,
               lastly, this fine fellow is James
               Hardenbrook, our Notary.

     HARDENBROOK is oldest, ancient, with one eye pale and blind.


               An honor, gentlemen.  In time I
               will need every detail of the
               three murderings you've had, but,
               for now, I ask only if you have
               any theory at all as to who the
               killer might be?


               Excuse me?


               I say, is there any one person
               suspect in these acts?


               I was afraid of this.

     Philipse shoots a look to Baltus.  Angst amongst the elders.


               Well, Constable... are you aware...
               to be honest, you are not what we
               expected.  We sent for the militia.


               The militia?


               Why not tell us what you have heard?
               Hmm?  How much have your superiors
               bothered to tell you?


               All I know is three are slain, their
               heads found severed from their
               bodies...


               The heads were not found severed.
               The heads were not found at all.

     Withered Hardenbrook leans forward, his voice cragged.


               Taken.  Taken by the Headless
               Horseman.  Taken back to hell.


               Pardon me?


               You have not been well informed of
               our troubles, sir.  If you would...

     Baltus gestures for Ichabod to sit.  Baltus lights his pipe.


               The Horseman... he was a Hessian
               mercenary, sent to our shores by
               German princes to help keep
               Americans under the thumb of
               England.  However, unlike his
               compatriots who came as muscle in
               trade for currency, he came
               willingly.  For love of carnage.

      -- AMERICAN BATTLEFIELD -- DAY

     The HESSIAN HORSEMAN rides his black steed into a gory,
     close-quarters clash, his cloaked uniform adorned with edged
     weapons.  He cuts down Americans left and right.

                             BALTUS 
               He was infamous for taking his
               horse, Daredevil, hard into
               battle... chopping off heads at
               full gallop.

     He dismounts, hoisting a battle axe.  With sword and axe, he
     annihilates.  Blood gushes.  Bones crack.

                             BALTUS 
               Just to look on him made your
               blood run cold, for he had filed
               down his teeth to rapiers... to
               add to the ferocity of his
               appearance.

     The Horseman lets out a war cry.  Jagged teeth.  Grotesque.



     Winter.  CANNONS can be HEARD BOOMING from afar.  Daredevil
     lies dead in red snow.  FOLLOW FOOTPRINTS away...

                             BALTUS 
               He would not finally meet his end
               till the winter of seventy-nine,
               when New York City was held by
               Henry Clinton and Washington
               occupied West Point.  It was
               between those two places, not far
               from here...

     The Horseman flees, cloak flowing, chased by FIVE rag-tag
     REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.  Ahead, a steep, rocky area prevents
     escape.  Soldier one aims a rifle and FIRES...

     Blood explodes from the Horseman's arm as he runs.  His sword
     falls from his now functionless hand.

     Soldier Two grabs the sword.

     At the rocks, the Horseman faces the men.  Another Rifleman
     raises his rifle.  The Horseman reaches over his shoulder to
     grasp a sheathed knife, THROWS --

     THOCK!  The Rifleman jerks back, knife in his eye socket.

     The Horseman readies an axe.  The Revolutionaries move in
     with swords.  They battle, STEEL AGAINST STEEL.  The Horseman
     fends off blows from all sides.

     Soldier Three lunges, stabs his blade deep into the
     Horseman's side.  The Horseman roars, brings his axe DOWN...
     BREAKS the sword at the hilt...

     An UPWARDS stroke sends Soldier Three head over heels in a
     fountain of blood.

     The Horseman staggers, howling, trying to pull the blade from
     his ribs.  The remaining soldiers close in.



     Pipe smoke wafts from Philipse's mouth.


               Cut off his head with his own sword.
               It's a legend told for twenty years.


               But, only recently has the Headless
               Hessian been seen prowling the
               Hollow, in search of a head to suit
               his shoulders.


               Just a moment...
                     
               Are you saying it is he?


                     
               When a goblin leaps from the nether
               world, others follow.  Poltergeists
               of the air, water and earth follow
               and cheer his desecrations!

     Hardenbrook BANGS his cane on a table.  Baltus puts a calming
     hand on senile Hardenbrook's shoulder.


               No one knows why he chose to now to
               climb out from his grave.


               It is very clear why.  Citizens
               here have long tried to hide sins
               behind closed doors.  Their failed
               faith has saturated the soil and
               called forth one of Satan's own.


               Excuse me, gentlemen, but... who
               has seen this Horseman?


               Many have.


               Then, name one person who has seen
               him with their own eyes.

     A long wait.  No reply from the elders.  Ichabod rises.


               While I will do everything I can
               to find your assassin, I will look
               for a man of flesh and blood.  Not
               some goblin-demon from hell.




     The Belltower is covered in defensive spikes.  A man climbs
     down a rope ladder.  Below, many ARMED MEN gather.  Everyone
     grim.  Philipse moves to the center, on horseback.


               Gather round!  Gather and quiet!
               The hour has come to choose for
               this night.  Each man's name is
               in this box and has been checked.

     A box is handed up.  Ichabod and Baltus arrive on foot at the
     back of the mob.  Ichabod looks...

     At a nearby forest, men light TORCH POSTS in a line bordering
     the forest edge for at least a half mile.

     Philipse draws a folded paper from the box, holds it up.


               May the Lord watch over him...
                     
               "Jonathan Masbath."  Are you here?

                             JONATHAN 
               I am.  I take my responsibility.

     The crowd parts as JONATHAN MASBATH, a dirt-poor farmer with
     a bow and quiver of arrows, moves forward.  His son, YOUNG
     MASBATH, 14, grips his arm.


               No, father.  Wait...
                     
               He's already been up once.  Why
               does he go again?


               It is a lottery, son.  It just as
               easily might have been one of them.


               Then... I go with you.


               No.  You obey my wishes.
                     
               Brom.  Look after him, will you?

     Brom steps up, nodding.  Jonathan kisses his son's cheek,
     then heads to the rope ladder.  Men pat him on the back.


               Someone leave him a horse.

     Young Masbath watches his father go.  Brom coaxes him away.
     At the back of the crowd, Ichabod watches skeptically, looks
     to Young Masbath as he and Brom pass.


               You worry for naught, little man.
               Nothing will harm him there.
                     
               It is problems here on the ground
               you people need begin to worry
               about.

     Ichabod watches Jonathan climb, very high above.




     Ichabod makes notations in a LEDGER BOOK.

                             KATRINA 
               You will dream.

     Katrina strolls in, sits on the bed.  Ichabod is nervous.


               Did they tell?  It is something in
               the air so that dreams come to
               everyone.  According to the elders,
               an Indian prophet held powwows here
               before the land was taken, and
               spells cast then still linger to
               this day.


               Do you often make a habit of
               sitting on strange men's beds?


               You are horribly old-fashioned,
               aren't you?


               Feel free to form your own opinion.
                     
               Though it appears you already have.


               Well, I intended to apologize for
               the behavior of my friend Brom Van
               Brunt, but it seems I've made
               matters worse.
                     
               I'll leave you to your business.


               Excuse me... I should apologize.  I,
               um... I... have no great love of...


               Other people?


               Small talk.


               It might have been more.  Might have
               been positively grand talk.

     Ichabod offers his chair, backing away.  Seeing it is the
     only one, he remains standing.  Katrina sits.


               Is it me, or are you this nervous
               around all women?


               Perhaps it is because your suitor's
               hands were recently very nearly
               wrapped around my throat.


               My suitor?


               The massive fellow... Brom.  For
               someone you call "friend," he
               misplaces a good portion of jealousy.


               He has proposed to me twice.


               Which may explain his temperament.
               To have asked twice means the answer
               was "no" at least once.

     Katrina looks down, discards this with a smile.


               I've read a great deal about your
               New York City.  Do be a dear and tell
               me all about it.  Sounds like an
               extraordinary place to live a life.


               Extra ordinary, yes.  But first, you
               tell me about the Headless Horseman.




     The torches burn bright.  ABOVE, in the Belltower, Jonathan
     Masbath loads a rifle.  THUNDER BOOMS.

     Jonathan stands, looking to a sky that is all stars and moon.
     A HORSE is HEARD SHRIEKING.  Below, the horse tied at the
     base of the tower is spooked.

     A COMMOTION is HEARD, ground rumbling.  Jonathan grips a
     rifle, cocks it and moves to look...

     At the forest edge, a herd of deer stampedes out.  They
     sprint past the tower and across the field.

     Jonathan crosses to watch the herd scatter.  He crosses back
     to peer at the forest.  Bad news...

     A thick FOG creeps from the woods.

     As the fog overtakes the base of each torch, a tentacle of
     mist snakes up to the flame, killing it.  All along the
     forest, arms of vapor snuff torches... one by one by one...

     Above, Jonathan sights the rifle along the trees.


               Come out, devil... come....




     Ichabod leans on a dresser.  Katrina's still seated.


               Not all think it is the Horseman.
               Many say witches come from the
               Western Woods to steal skulls for
               their cauldrons.  Some believe a
               person in this very town kneels
               before Lucifer, offering death as
               tribute.  And, still others believe
               none of it.


               Are you so superstitious?


               To call a person superstitious is to
               imply they fear magic, but not all
               magic is black.


               There is no such thing as magic.


               Really?  Then... what is your
               rebuttal to those romantic poets
               claiming proof of magic in a rose at
               full bloom, or even in a teardrop?


               Poets have silly notions about
               plants and bodily secretions.


                     
               You are funny.

     Ichabod doesn't get what's so funny about that.  The DISTANT
     TOLL of a BELL is HEARD.  Katrina looks fearful.

     She goes to open a window.  The BELL TOLLS...



     ... TOLLS mournfully over farms and forests...



     ... TOLLS as a MAN comes from his barn, listening, then
     sprinting towards his home.



     ... TOLLS across the deserted square.  Windows go dark.
     Shutters are slammed shut.



     ... TOLLS.  Ichabod bounds out to the lawn, halting to
     listen.  Katrina and Baltus come out on the porch.


               Constable, where are you going!?

     ... TOLLS... TOLLS... then, SILENCE.  Ichabod chases away.


               Come back, sir...
                     
               Madness.

     Baltus ushers Katrina back in.  The door slams.




     Ichabod charges across the rocky field.  He slows, awed...

     The Belltower is down, its mast is splintered.  The horse is
     gone.  Ichabod moves to where the crow's nest lies smashed.
     No sign of Jonathan.



     Jonathan runs past, gripping his bow.  It's QUIET... till
     HOOFBEATS are HEARD in pursuit.

     Trees are silhouetted against the sky.  As HOOFBEATS get
     LOUDER, branches bend like arms and fingers yearning to
     touch.  As HOOFBEATS ROAR PAST, the trees relax.

     FURTHER ON, Jonathan runs.  WIND begins to BLOW.

     BEHIND, in motion, WE SEE Daredevil's snorting visage; eyes
     lizard-like, with vertical slits literally aglow.

     The Horseman's hand yanks a wooden WAR HAMMER from a saddle
     mount.  

     : closing in on Jonathan.

     Jonathan is overtaken.  The Horseman swings the hammer WHOOMP
     -- sends Jonathan sprawling.

     HOOFBEATS FADE.  Jonathan tries to get up, but pain shoots
     through him.  He crawls to retrieve his bow.

     Against a tree, he takes an arrow from his shoulder quiver
     and readies it.  Waiting.  A metal TAPPING is HEARD O.S.


     Jonathan pulls the bow taut, pained, lips bloody.

     Elsewhere, Daredevil approaches slow.  The Horseman taps his
     sword on his spur, CLINK... CLINK... CLINK...

     Foliage moves as the Horseman's form pushes through.

     Jonathan releases -- the arrow WHISTLES...

     THWACK! -- imbeds in the Horseman's chest.

     CLINK... CLINK... CLINK... continues -- Jonathan readies a
     second arrow.  Pulls and releases -- O.S. THWACK!

     CLINK... CLINK... CLINK... Jonathan cries out, crawling away
     desperately.  Crawling through underbrush, over roots and
     rocks.  CLINK... CLINK... CLINK... Jonathan gives up, spent,
     face to the dirt.  He closes his eyes.

     CLINKING STOPS.  Daredevil halts astride Jonathan; two legs
     on each side of Jonathan's body.




     Baltus and a large, DULLARDLY MAN ride.  Behind, Ichabod
     rides with Magistrate Philipse.

     Ichabod is not adept at riding his old nag, Gunpowder.


               The Van Garretts died first; a man
               and his son, survived by a wife and
               two infants.  And the Widow Windsor
               was next...


               And now Jonathan Masbath.


                     
               Why would he flee this direction,
               with so much open ground to cross
               before he reached cover?


               He would not have gone into the
               Western Woods.  No sane man would.

     Philipse drinks from a whiskey flask, sees Ichabod watching
     and offers some.  Ichabod declines.


               Van Ripper there...

     Ahead, the dullard, VAN RIPPER, sloppily spits tobacco.


               ... found the body this morning.
                      
               You do believe now, don't you?


               Believe?


               You said yourself.  What mere man
               could have downed the Belltower?


               It is a prime tenet of science,
               Philipse, that because one thing
               appears improbable does not mean
               you embrace the utterly fantastical.


               You need less big words, and more
               common sense.

     Philipse fingers an IRON KEY talisman he wears on a cord.


               What is that you wear?


               My talisman.  It will, protect
               against the Horseman if I show a
               brave face.  But, I cannot run.  If
               I run in fear, it is worthless.


               Well... so much for common sense.




     Brom and Baltus stand at a HORSE'S CORPSE amongst jagged
     boulders.  The flesh has been stripped, guts exposed.
     Philipse and Ichabod arrive and dismount.


               Was this Jonathan's?


               Yes.  Seems he panicked across here
               and broke two legs.


               Who took the meat?


               Must have been the Redman.  A Lenape
               Indian lives in the Western Woods.


               These woods of yours sound a bit
               crowded, what with all the witches,
               ghouls and Indians living there.

     Brom climbs up onto his own horse, a black beauty.


               There's only one Lenape.  He eats
               small animals and lost children...
               and the occasional constable when he
               can get it.

     Brom rides.  Ichabod goes to the dead horse, digs in his
     satchel for a thin iron tool, which he uses it to pry off one
     HORSESHOE.  A WHISTLE is HEARD O.S.

     Everyone looks far ahead to where Van Ripper has ridden.  The
     doctor and others are there.  Van Ripper waves.




     Doctor Lancaster stands with SEVERAL ARMED MEN.  A coffin on
     a cart is covered by a blanket. Ichabod is crouched nearby.


               Why did you move the body, Doctor?


               To place it inside its coffin.

     Ichabod, nods, vaguely annoyed.  He puts the horseshoe into a
     hoofprint in the dirt.  It fits.

     Ichabod rises, walks, studying the ground, kicking up leaves.
     Brom, Van Ripper, Baltus and Philipse watch.

     Ichabod finds a deep hoofprint.  Huge.  He compares the
     horseshoe.  The hoofprint is much larger.

     Ichabod pulls his satchel off his shoulder, takes out a bowl,
     bottle of water and bag of brown powder; begins mixing water
     and powder with a fork to make plaster.

     The others watch, finding this bizarre, whispering.  Brom
     comes up to stand over Ichabod, irritated.


               What the hell are you doing?


                      
               You are the blacksmith.  Ever shod
               a horse with a hoof this large?


               Never.  A shoe that size I would
               have remembered.

     Ichabod starts to fill the print with plaster.


               Van Ripper.  Can you show where the
               body lay?


               I can show exactly.

     Van Ripper dismounts, wiping tobacco drool.  Ichabod rises to
     follow with his satchel.


               Here... in front of this oak, facing
               north.  Horrible...


               To the best of your recollection,
               where did the open wound fall?

     Van Ripper points.  Ichabod takes a BOTTLE of WHITE POWDER
     from his pocket.

     He uncorks the bottle, cautiously pouring powder in an x on
     the dirt there, then waiting.

     A chemical reaction causes the powder to bubble a bit.


               There was not much blood, was there?


               I didn't see none.

     Ichabod stands, puzzled.  He walks to the coffin cart,
     rolling up his sleeves.  Others come to watch, but keep
     distance.  Ichabod removes the blanket...

     Reveals Jonathan's headless corpse.

     Philipse can't look.  Ichabod takes strange spectacles from
     his satchel; wire-framed with many lenses.  MAGNIFICATION
     SPECTACLES.  He examines the gross neck wound, sniffs it.

     He pokes the flesh and severed spinal cord.


               No bleeding.


               What is that?


               This should have bled by the pint.
               Yet, no blistering or scorched flesh.
               How... ?  Whatever weapon was used...
               it cauterized somehow....

     Ichabod straightens, eyes weirdly big in the spectacles.


               It instantly burnt the wound shut.




     A coffin in a grave.  Headstone reads "MASBATH, 1799."  A
     CROWD gathered.  Young Masbath broods.  Clergyman Steenwyck
     steps forward to take a handful of newly dug dirt.

     Men with guns stand at the outskirts, like on guard.

     Steenwyck sprinkles dirt into the grave with prayerful words.
     In the crowd people whisper.  They steal glances at Ichabod,
     who stands with the Van Tassels.




     Dining room.  Sarah and two other servants collect plates.  A
     few people still sup, including Van Ripper, his warty WIFE
     and two kids.  Van Ripper guzzles ale, laughs at something
     his also-drunk wife says.

     IN the HALL and FOYER, funeral goers socialize quietly.

     FURTHER ON, in the SITTING ROOM, men smoke.  Young Masbath
     is confronting Ichabod, who is leaving...


               I am not here for revenge.  I am
               here to bring justice.


               Whatever.  You still need a second
               to tend to your things.


               I manage fine alone.


               I deserve to help you.  Don't you see
               how much this means?  My father...
               he... he was a good man...


                      
               Young Masbath, I am sorry for your
               loss.  It is a great and sad tragedy.
               However... I cannot be the one to
               look after you now.


                      
               I did not ask you to, did I?

     Young Masbath exits.  Ichabod remains impassive.



     Ichabod comes out.  KILLIAN, a dashingly rustic man, carries
     his son, THOMAS, 5, and chats with Baltus.  Doctor Lancaster
     peers off at something through a SPYGLASS.


               Hail, Constable.  How are you?


               Well enough.  Your gathering does
               honor to the deceased.


                      
               We must be a curious sight to him.


               What are you spying on?


                     
               The Lenape.  He comes to gawk at
               civilization from time to time.



     Searching a line of trees and foliage far away...

                             DOCTOR LANCASTER 
               Do you see the Redskinned bastard?

     There he is -- the LENAPE.  A towering savage with misshapen
     features covered in tumors.  He ducks away.



     Ichabod lowers the spyglass, a little awed.


               He is a behemoth.


               A diseased monster.


               If you gentlemen will excuse the
               doctor and I... we have financial
               matters to discuss.

     Ichabod and Killian nod as Baltus and Lancaster head in.


               Master Crane, sir.  I'm glad we have
               time alone.  You've been told plenty
               about the Horseman, I'm certain.


               More than enough, actually. 
                      
               I beg you, no more, please.


               No, sir, no.  If you ask me, I say
               you just laid eyes on our murderer
               through that glass.

     Ichabod ponders, folding the spyglass.


               Tell me something. 
                      
               What becomes of Young Masbath?


               Van Ripper and his wife agreed to take
               him.  They have children and a good
               home and good land.

     Ichabod nods.  He turns to look THROUGH THE WINDOW.  In the
     DINING ROOM, Van Ripper rises, ill.  His wife questions his
     health, but he holds her off and vomits.

     Ichabod notes this with a deep sigh.




     Ocher dusk.  Ichabod rides to Young Masbath, seated on the
     ground, miserable.  Young Masbath does not look up.


               Find yourself a place in the servants'
               residence and wake me before dawn.
               Our first task will be an unsavory one.

     Ichabod rides.  Young Masbath runs to his horse and follows.




     Steenwyck is on horseback, looking down at Ichabod, furious.


               It is sacrilege!


               I cannot proceed without examining
               the previous victims.

     Steenwyck looks to men with shovels.  Killian's there.
     Philipse, hung-over, stands beside Young Masbath.


               Magistrate Philipse, surely you can
               stop this.

     Philipse just looks up with a helpless expression.


               I will not allow it.  I will not!


               Protest to my superiors if you like.


               Your superiors are two days away!


               Then, you should have left two days
               ago, because I have men willing to
               help me today.

     Ichabod motions.  Killian leads the men to the graveyard.
     Steenwyck watches, enraged.  He kicks his horse and rides.
     Philipse looks worried.



     A PSALM is HEARD READ by STEENWYCK O.S. while a coffin is
     exhumed.  Ichabod guides the lifting.  The coffin is put near
     the headstone "WINDSOR."  Ichabod looks...

     At the church, Steenwyck faces about fifty people who now
     take up the PRAYER.

     Across the cemetery, two coffins, one small, one large, are
     pried open.  "VAN GARRETT, 1799."  Killian leads the effort
     with Young Masbath's aid...

     The lids come off, revealing the HEADLESS BODIES of a MAN and
     a little BOY.  Young Masbath backs away.

     At the "WINDSOR" coffin, nails creak as Ichabod opens the
     lid.  WE DO NOT SEE inside, but when Ichabod does, he is
     aghast.  He looks to the men, angry.


               Why was I not told of this?

     No answer.  Killian arrives, nods solemnly.


               The Widow Windsor.


               Is that all you say?  Look at her.


               It's not something people speak of
               openly.  She did not remarry.

     Ichabod kneels, studying.  Now, WE SEE: the belly of the
     headless corpse is bulbous, because the Widow Windsor was
     very far along in a pregnancy.

     Ichabod notices: a tear in the cloth of widow's blouse.  He
     reaches through the tear, feeling the stomach.

     He straightens, greatly troubled.




     Scissors cut open the widow's blouse.  There's an inch-long
     WOUND on the moldering belly; a sword puncture.

     Ichabod examines the corpse on a table.  Lancaster watches,
     anxiously mopping his face.  Young Masbath's in a corner.
     Ichabod goes to write in his ledger full of notes.


               What is the common thread between
               these victims?


               I'm sure I don't know.


               We must discover it.  The reason the
               murderer chose these persons.

     Ichabod goes to look at the widow's corpse, pondering.


               The wounds are the same.  Cauterized.
               No chopping or half-measures either.
               One stroke took the head.  Have you
               seen, doctor... ?
                      
               Even the spinal bone... sliced as
               smooth as butter.


               I do not care.  You are welcome to
               use my work area, but I beg you...
               return her to her resting place.


               In time, doctor.  Soon as I finish.

     Ichabod picks up an iron knife.  He looks to Young Masbath.


               You should step outside.




     Ichabod and others restore graves.  Ichabod looks to the
     church, where Clergyman Steenwyck stands in the door.


               The devil sent you, Ichabod Crane.
               The Lord will not forgive your sins.

     Steenwyck shuts the creaky doors.




     Ichabod sleeps, dreaming...



     A young BOY, 10, stands in a wheat field with his back to us.
     A FEMALE VOICE is HEARD FAINTLY, getting LOUDER.


               Ichabod!  Ichabod... come along.

     The boy, YOUNG ICHABOD, turns, smiling.  He runs.  We FOLLOW
     to a clearing behind a frontier home.  MOTHER waits.  Lovely
     woman.  She kisses him.



     Dark.  Young Ichabod, in bed, has one eye open.  Across the
     room, Mother has her back to him.  She's WHISPERING something
     to no one.  She turns...

     Young Ichabod pretends he is asleep.

     A DRAWER is HEARD SHUTTING.  Mother exits.  Ichabod gets up,
     curious, opens a drawer... finds something behind clothing.

     It's a piece of reed grass, woven into an elaborate pattern
     with shafts of wheat twisted into the center.  Young Ichabod
     replaces it, closes the drawer.



     A busy, muddy street lined by wares and produce.  Young
     Ichabod walks with FATHER, an emotionless man.  Father stops
     to examine tools.  Young Ichabod stays by him, but something
     captures his attention...

     Across the way, Mother is involved in a argument with a
     FREAKISH-LOOKING WOMAN.  They shout.  People stop to watch.
     Can't make out words, but Freakish Woman is furious.



     LIGHTNING flashes over tree tops.  THUNDER BOOMS.



     Ichabod jerks awake in his bed.




     Ichabod enters with a lantern and his ledger.  He sits,
     studies notes, then notices there's a light down the hall.



     Opposite an elaborate loom, Katrina reads by candlelight.
     She looks up, seeing Ichabod enter.


               Sorry for disturbing you.  I thought
               a forgotten candle was burning.

     Katrina self-consciously closes her shabby book, puts it with
     another on her lap and covers them.


               You do not disturb me.  Please stay.
               Having trouble sleeping?


               May I ask... why do you cover your
               book that way?


               You pay great attention to small
               things.  I hide these as I hide all
               my books.  Father would not approve,
               lest it were the Bible.


               I, um... I have something to show you,
               if you have a moment.

     Ichabod sits, looking through his ledger.


               These are strange... may I?

     She takes his hand, spreads the fingers to the palm.  She
     touches the many evenly spaced scars.


               These scars.  How did you get them?


               I have had them since childhood.  I
               cannot remember what from.


               It would be interesting to find out.

     Their eyes meet.  Ichabod gets back to the ledger.  Katrina
     seems to relish the effect she has.  Ichabod finds a paper
     disk on string, illustrated thusly:


               Here it is.  A bird on one side.
               His cage on the other.  Now,
               stare at it. 
                      
               The bird seems to be in his cage.


               Yes, he does.  May I try?

     Ichabod gives it.  She spins it, smiling.


               He only appears to be inside the
               cage.  The point being...


               You made this, and the drawings?


               Yes, but listen.  The illusion is
               easily explained.  The eye retains
               each image, till they combine.  And
               yet, some would call this toy magic.


               Don't you see why?  Look closely a
               moment.  Put your intellect aside. 
                      
               Can't you see what is inexplicable?

     Ichabod watches it spin.  He shakes his head, unimpressed.


               Oh, you are hopeless.  May I keep
               it at least?


               If you want.  But...


               Then, I also have a gift for you.
               True magic which even you will not
               be able to deny.

     She hands him a book.  "ROMEO AND JULIET."  Ichabod stands,
     offering it back, but she will not take it.


               Thank you.  No.  Here...


               I insist that you have it.


                      
               Very well.  But, it will only sit
               gathering dust.


               That would be a pity.  Those words
               might show you something you've never
               seen before.

     Ichabod stops at the door, looks back.  He exits.




     A light glows in Ichabod's window.  LOOKING IN: Ichabod's in
     bed, fully dressed.  He sits up.  Pause.  He crosses to pick
     up "Romeo and Juliet."  He begins to read.




     Ichabod walks with Philipse.  Young Masbath follows with the
     horses.  CICADAS CHATTER from a vast corn field.


               Not more than a year ago, a mob hung
               a man for stealing a horse.  For
               stealing a horse!  And, you dig up
               our dead.


               Are you saying I should be frightened?
               Is this a message passed on from
               Clergyman Steenwyck?

     The CICADAS SUDDENLY go SILENT.  Young Masbath notices.


               We are farmers here, not lawyers or
               bankers, or even constables.  Every
               penny we earn comes from what we
               send down the Hudson.


               I know it.


               Um.... excuse me, sirs...


                      
               Because of the Horseman, our migrant
               workers flee for their lives.  There
               is a danger that our crops will rot.
               So, if you are going to help us, you
               stop the Horseman.  That is your
               task... to kill an undead thing.

     Young Masbath looks to a fenced grazing area, worried.  The
     sheep there are agitated, all running one direction away.


               Listen to what you say....


               No, you listen!  You may think we are
               a pack of superstitious dullards...


               At times I do.


               Sirs... please!


               What will it take for you to realize
               this is no laughing matter?

     The horses go crazy, braying and rearing.  The reins yank
     Young Masbath off his feet as the horses flee.

     Ichabod and Philipse look to Masbath.  A SOUND is HEARD,
     distant: THUNDERING HOOFBEATS.  Wind kicks up.  HOOFBEATS
     seem to come FROM ALL DIRECTIONS.

     Philipse looks to the corn field.  A flock of birds alights;
     a great sheet of black against the sky.


               Oh my... oh my oh my oh my...

     Philipse runs towards his house, past Masbath.  HOOFBEATS are
     LOUDER, CLOSER.  Ichabod faces the corn field.

     The field explodes open, stalks bending to make way as the
     Headless Horseman gallops into view atop Daredevil.

     Young Masbath runs, following Philipse.

     Ichabod's stunned.  He looks down to draw his flintlock
     pistol, but the Horseman blows by before he can raise it.  A
     blast of air knocks Ichabod off his feet.

     The Horseman chases Masbath and Philipse.

     Ichabod follows.

     The Horseman draws his sword.

     Young Masbath falls in the grass...

     Daredevil's pounding hooves will certainly crush him.

     Daredevil leaps over Young Masbath, continuing the charge.

     Philipse has a long way to go before home.  He looks over his
     shoulder.  No way he'll make it.

     Ichabod, running, watches Philipse slow.

     Philipse gathers all his courage and stops, turning.  The
     Horseman is closing, sword held high.

     Philipse raises his talisman.


               Philipse!

     Philipse holds the talisman up, trying to be fearless.  The
     Horseman swings -- WE HEAR the CLANK of sword on talisman...

     Philipse's severed head spins.  His body falls and folds.

     Ichabod runs past Young Masbath.

     The Horseman halts just as Ichabod reaches a point in front
     of dead Philipse, aiming his pistol.  Daredevil lets out a
     SCREECHY CRY.  The Horseman rides toward Ichabod.

     Ichabod gets on one knee, trying to steady his pistol.  The
     Horseman closes.  Ichabod sweats bullets.  FIRES...

     The slug SLAMS the Horseman dead center -- bursts through and
     rends his uniform without slowing him.

     The Horseman is almost on Ichabod.  Ichabod cringes, arms
     up... as the Horseman passes.

     The Horseman leans to skewer Philipse's head with his sword.

     With the head as his prize, the Horseman races away.

     Ichabod gets up, watches the Horseman head to the forest.
     Ichabod looks to Young Masbath, finds his legs will not
     support him, falls, trembling.  THUNDER BELLOWS.




     Lady Van Tassel comes to a door, knocks.  Sarah stands behind
     with a tray of food.  Young Masbath is seated near.


                     
               Has he not come out at all?

     Young Masbath shakes his head.



     KNOCKING is HEARD.  Ichabod sleeps restlessly.



     THUNDER BOOMS.  WIND and POUNDING RAIN blast open a window.
     Mother comes to it, then moves to comfort fearful Young
     Ichabod in bed.

                             MOTHER'S VOICE 
               Don't be afraid... don't be afraid.



     A keyhole.  Young Ichabod's eye peers in...



     Mother is kneeled before flour on the floor.  She draws
     patterns in it, whispering.  She blows the flour away.



     The Freakish Woman  walks towards the
     home, supported by a SAD MAN.  She weeps, carrying something
     in a blanket.

     Young Ichabod comes a window, watching, scared.

     The Freakish Woman is so weak that she falls.  The blanket
     opens... the corpse of an infant tumbles to the dirt.  The
     Freakish Woman's WAILING GROWS LOUDER.



     TWO MEN in black drag Mother to a coach.  She looks back,
     fearful, pulled along.  A THIRD MAN in black follows.

     Young Ichabod struggles as Father restrains him.


               No... mother... no... !

     The Third Man peers back, a gray-haired, Cotton Mather-ish
     man with a villainous face.

                             FREAKISH WOMAN 
               The night of the great storm, I saw
               her cross my windows.



     Many people in the gallery.  The Third Man stands in front of
     the tearful Freakish Woman in the witness box.


               You are certain it was she?


               In the lighting, I did see her.
                     
               Her.  Lady Crane...

     Mother sits in shackles.


               I will never forget.  The next moment,
               I found my infant dead... with the
               blood welt on his breast.

     Those in attendance cry out at this.  Ichabod is seated
     beside Father, eyes filled with tears.



     As before, a STORM RAGES.  Ichabod is in Mother's arms.

                             FREAKISH WOMAN 
               The night of the great storm, I saw
               her cross my windows.


               Don't be afraid...



     KNOCKING is HEARD.  Ichabod gasps awake.

                             KATRINA 
               Constable Crane?

     Ichabod looks at his hands balled into fists.  He opens them
     -- has ONE HALF of PHILIPSE'S TALISMAN in each palm.



     Katrina holds a tray of food.  The DOOR is HEARD UNLOCKING.



     Katrina enters.  Ichabod sits at his work table.


               Are you hungry?

     Ichabod shakes his head, won't look up.  Katrina crosses.

     She begins picking up pieces of the PLASTER HOOFPRINT CAST
     which lies shattered on the floor.


               You promised justice.


               If these are the random stalkings of
               a monster, what good am I?


               People have put their trust in you.


               They have done nothing of the sort.


               Won't they still have that justice?
                     
               Or, was it a vain promise?

     Ichabod stews, head in his hands.  Someone is HEARD
     RUNNING... Young Masbath enters, frightened.


               Constable Crane... something has
               happened.




     The Lenape Indian hangs dead in a tree, lynched.  TOWNSFOLK
     are gathered.  Ichabod makes his way through, followed by
     Young Masbath, looking up.

                             BROM 
               We do not need you, Constable...

     Brom strides towards Ichabod from a group of men spreading a
     sheet under the tree.  Van Ripper's there.


               The men who did this have been taken.
               We do not need you here.

     Brom points to where TWO FILTHY MEN in chains sit in a
     horse-drawn cart.  An armed man guards them.


               You should thank us.  The killings
               will end.  We saved you all!

     The armed man shoves the filthy man to shut him up.


               They spend two days in chains.


               Two days... ?  For murder?


               For poaching.  Or, would you remake
               our laws now that Magistrate Philipse
               has given up the ghost?


               Does that look like an animal hanging?


               Looks like an Indian.

     Van Ripper cuts the noose rope at the trunk.  The Lenape
     corpse free falls, landing hard.

     The Lenape lies in a heap on the sheet.  Van Ripper and
     others come to lift the sheet with the Lenape in the middle.
     Ichabod watches, noticing...

     The Lenape wears a WOVEN PIECE of REED GRASS a cord on his
     loin cloth, twisted in a pattern.


               Wait.  Give me a moment...

     Ichabod kneels.  He removes the woven piece, looking across
     the diseased Lenape's body.  Something else...

     The Lenape's mouth is agape; teeth rotting.  Ichabod looks
     around, finds a twig.  He uses it to pull the Lenape's mouth
     open... gets close to peer inside the Lenape's mouth.




     A DRAWING of the Lenape's WOVEN PIECE in Ichabod's ledger.
     The piece lies near.

     Ichabod sits staring at it, trance-like.  Masbath waits.
     Long silence.


               The Lenape Indian had much to tell
               once I opened his mouth.


               How could he?


               His teeth.  Someone had cut them and
               chipped off rotten pieces far back
               in his mouth.  The Lenape could not
               have done that for himself.
                     
               Someone out there cared for him.

     Ichabod rises, deciding.  He picks up his satchel and exits.
     Young Masbath is surprised.  He follows.




     A massive, wooden WINDMILL, raised off the ground on a 7'
     center post.  Ichabod and Masbath walk to it.



     Ichabod and Young Masbath enter via a ladder from the
     underbelly.  Gears and counter wheels turn millstones.  A few
     men work in the grain powder filled air.

     Ichabod leads the way to a staircase, up twists and turns.


               Where are we going?


               Up.



     Ichabod and Young Masbath climb out a door to the roof.  The
     rotors spin nearby.  Ichabod searches the countryside.

     Below, MANY MEN are ride up the long straight road.


               What is it?


               It's payment day.  Loan monies are
               given to Baltus the last day each
               month.  Almost everyone borrows...
               for tools or to hire workers.

     Ichabod sits, takes a bowl from his bag and gives it to
     Masbath, then produces a bottle of water... fills the bowl.


                      
               Out there.  What do you see?


               The Western Woods.


               Look again.

     A plume of smoke rises from woods, far.


               Smoke.  Chimney smoke.

     Ichabod holds a piece of straw in his mouth, rubs the point
     of a sewing needle against a small BLACK ROCK.


               Are you familiar with magnets?


               What kind of nuts?


               Not for eating, I assure you.  Watch
               here.

     Ichabod shows the magnet grab the needle.  Young Masbath is
     amazed, reaching for it.  Ichabod watches him play with it.


               It's spectacular.


                      
               Yes... I suppose it is.  Keep it.


               No, I couldn't...


               I have others.  All I need is this.

     Ichabod takes the needle, poking its butt end into the tip of
     the straw.  Young Masbath studies the rock, pockets it.


               Thank you.


                      
               Now, hold the bowl steady.  Back to
               business.

     Young Masbath lifts the bowl.  Ichabod drops in the
     needle/straw which floats and turns compass-like.


               If the Western Woods are truly the
               Devil's Glen, we will see for
               ourselves.


                      
               Father said witches live there.


               Witches do not exist.  However...

     Ichabod uses a knife to notch the bowl lip where the needle
     points, then surveys the smoke, making a second notch.


               Not long ago, I would have said the
               same for Headless Horseman.

                             KATRINA 
               Constable... !

     Katrina's on horseback below, unhappy.


               I need to speak with you.  Alone.




     Ichabod and Katrina lead their horses.  A heated argument.


               Why would you do such a thing?


               No stone may be left unturned.  It
               may appear harsh...


               I have misjudged you I think.  I did
               not imagine you were so cruel.


               You are not regarding it in full.
               The Widow Windsor had been run
               through by a sword.  I followed the
               bloodless wound, a wound whose path
               I could not comprehend till I had
               seen the Horseman with my own eyes.


               What are you on about?


               The child she carried was eight
               months grown at least... near to
               birthing.  The sword had pierced its
               tiny heart exactly.


               Must I hear this?


               There was no blind stabbing.  This
               singular thrust found its target
               omnipotently, as if the Horseman made
               certain the unborn child died with
               its mother.


               And this gives worth to butchery?


               It was not butchery.


               What is it then?  Scientific method?
               How can any of this matter in the
               slightest?


               I have no solution for its meaning
               yet, but I could not just ignore it.


               Take a lesson from Young Masbath's
               desires, Ichabod Crane.  He follows
               with you to avenge his father's death.
               That I understand.  But, what do you
               want?


               To avenge his father, and the others.


               But, why?  Tell me why.

     Ichabod struggles for a reply.


               You falter with your answer because
               you strive without putting the whole
               of your heart into it.  Can't you see?
               You'll bring dignity to the dead even
               if you have to chop them into little
               pieces to do it.


                      
               If it had been surgery on a living
               person, done to save that person's
               life, you would not question it.  Not
               for a moment.  So, let me be the first
               to tell you, dear girl... on the other
               side of these sheltering mountains, a
               whole world has advanced beyond such
               plebeian thinking as yours.  And
               someday, no matter how much you fear
               it, that world will come to roust
               Sleepy Hollow out of its slumber.

     Katrina storms away.  Ichabod's already regretting.




     Ichabod and Young Masbath ride to the Western Woods, horses
     loaded for expedition.  At the Belltower remnants, Ichabod
     slows, looking to the wreckage.

     At forest's edge, Young Masbath waits.

     Ichabod circles the tower.  With a sigh, he rides to join
     Young Masbath. They head into the woods.



     Dark, dense and creepy.  Ichabod and Young Masbath move
     through.  Young Masbath halts his horse and looks around.


               What is it?


               Listen.


                     
               I hear nothing.


               No crickets or cicadas calling.  No
               bird songs.

     Stark quiet.  Ichabod notes this unhappily.




     Ichabod's hand drops the needle/straw in the water bowl.  The
     needle spins.  The bowl is turned to match notches.

     Ichabod points the way to Young Masbath.

     ELSEWHERE, SOMEONE WATCHES:  A MOVING P.O.V. WATCHES them as
     they ride, FOLLOWS.



     Ichabod and Masbath reach a hill crest.  They stop, uneasy.
     Below: a CAVE with a rock archway.  An ill-fitting door
     covers the mouth.  The chimney spews smoke.


               We have apparently arrived.



     The horses are tied to a tree.  Ichabod walks to the cave
     door.  Unsure, he hesitantly knocks.



     Ichabod and Young Masbath step in.

     Walls are hung with skins and skeletons, dry flowers and reed
     grass in patterns.  An OLD CRONE sits facing away.

     The old Crone, a mountain woman with matted hair and grey
     features, sits disinterested.  Ichabod edges closer.


               Pardon.  You did not answer when I
               knocked.  Are we intruding?


               You are from the Hollow?


               In a way, yes.

     Ichabod looks at tables of gourd bowls of dead insects and
     acorns.  Knifes, scissors, yellow bones.  He takes the
     Lenape's piece of reed grass from his pocket.


               The Lenape who lived in these woods...
               do you know him?  The Redman?
                     
               I should tell you... he has been
               murdered.


               Leave me.  You are not welcome here.

     The old Crone places something on a table beside her -- a
     dead cardinal, bright red.

     Ichabod is afraid, backing away, but Young Masbath takes the
     woven piece and steps to the Crone.


               Were you a friend to the Indian?
                     
               You should have this... if you were
               his friend.

     Young Masbath puts the woven piece beside the cardinal.  He
     walks to join Ichabod in leaving.


               You seek remedy against the Horseman?

     The Old Crone reaches to pick up the weaving.  She stands,
     faces them.  Tall.  Ichabod nods.


                     
               Go out and keep away, child.
                     
               You stay.  Follow with me.

     The Old Crone takes a candle and walks, deep into the cave.



     The Old Crone comes through a passage in the wet walls.
     Ichabod enters, scared, bent under low ceiling.


               I hear him.  He rides to the Hollow
               and back.


               The Horseman.  Yes.


               Sit.

     Ichabod sits on crooked stool.  The old Crone kneels with her
     back to him, gathers straw in a pile on the floor.


               Can you help?


               You want to see into the nether world...
               I can show you.  Whatever you see, do
               not move or speak.  I will hold him.

     She gathers bowls, putting grass and powder on the pile.


               What... what are you doing?


                      
               Close your mouth!  Keep silent.

     She takes two jars from a table, pours ashes on the pile from
     one.  She shakes the other roughly, takes the lid off and
     upends it.  A baby bat squirms on the floor, dazed.

     The Old Crone holds the bat, using a knife to cut off its
     head.  She soaks the straw with blood, SPEAKING IN TONGUES,
     guttural.  Using a wick, she lights the straw.

     She grasps two METAL CUFFS with chains attached, slides these
     onto her bony wrists, then bends to inhale smoke.


               He comes now.

     Ichabod would like to leave now.



     Young Masbath, waiting by the horses, looks up.  Through the
     trees, black clouds billow and block the sun.



     The old Crone slumps, still with her back to Ichabod.  She
     does not move.  Wind howls through a hole/window.  Rain.

     Candles blow out.  Ichabod stands, worried.


               Excuse me... um...

     She remains motionless.  The STORM outside intensifies.

     WE SEE the skin of the Crone's wrists transform; swelling in
     the cuffs, hardening, cracking and bleeding.

     Some thing Ichabod cannot see.  He inches closer.


               Are you alright... ?

     The Crone turns, hideous, leaping erect -- a half-human,
     half-demon CREATURE.  Its black clawed hands reaching.

     Ichabod recoils, crying out.

     Chains on restraining cuffs yank the creature back.

     Ichabod hits the floor, knocking over a table of bones.  The
     creature is chained, but still wants Ichabod.  It SCREECHES.

     The Old Crone's face seethes from transformation, eyes blood
     red, nostrils dripping, teeth now jagged.


               You seek the warrior bathed in
               blood... the Headless Horseman.

     Ichabod slides back as far as possible while the creature
     claws the rock floor, yearning.


               Follow the Indian trail to where the
               sun dies.  Follow to the tree of the
               dead.

     The creature pulls, testing the chains.  Behind, the BOLT
     holding the chains to the wall slips.  The wall cracks.


               Climb down to the Horseman's soulless
               place and let loose his silent
               shrieking.  Do you hear?  Do you hear?!

     Ichabod nods, quaking, aghast.  He glances to the exit.

     The chain bolt gives more... coming loose...


               He who holds fast the Horseman's
               desire will guide his reaping hand.
               Catch hold of his desire.

     Ichabod bolts for the door.  The creature HOWLS, leaping...

     The chain bolt breaks...

     Ichabod cries out, tackled to the floor...

     It is the Old Crone who landed on him.  She has returned to
     human form, semi-conscious.  Ichabod shoves her off.



     Ichabod runs out into the howling storm, past Masbath.


               We are leaving.


               What happened?

     Ichabod scrambles onto Gunpowder, heading further into the
     woods, glancing back.  Young Masbath follows.




     No rain.  Dark.  A lantern's glow creates shifting shadows as
     Ichabod and Young Masbath ride.


               Follow the Indian trail to where the
               sun dies.  To the tree of the dead. 
                      
               Maybe we passed it by.


               How could something named "the tree
               of the dead" fail to draw attention?

     A BIRD CRIES OUT.  Ichabod's startled, looking up.  The BIRD
     is HEARD ALIGHTING.  Leaves float downwards.


               We should not go much further in
               this murk.


               Should we go back?


               We are far from the Hollow. 
                      
               Loath to say it... better to get our
               backs against a tree and stay till
               morning.



     Horses are tied.  Ichabod is seated against a tree.  A
     campfire burns.  Young Masbath lies on a blanket, rifle cross
     his chest, staring to treetops.

     Leaves and branches shift in the wind.  Bats fly wildly.


               What does it mean... climb down to
               the Horseman's soulless place?


               "Let loose his silent shrieking."
               Who knows, till we work at it?  I
               admit not being anxious to find out.
                      
               "He who holds the Horseman's desire
               will guide his reaping hand."
               Whatever the Horseman's desire is,
               other than extinguishing lives.

     A SNAPPING BRANCH.  Ichabod raises his pistol.


                      
               Do not move.

     Ichabod rises.  He creeps forward, pistol and lantern
     forward.  Foliage is thick.  CRUNCHING LEAVES are HEARD.

     Ichabod crouches, puts down the lantern and picks up a
     branch.  He tosses the branch to the foliage...

     SOME ANIMAL darts away, a running blur.

     Ichabod rises, following with his pistol.

     ANOTHER ANGLE,  low to the ground,
     moving swiftly at Ichabod...

     Ichabod spins, blindsided.

     Young Masbath fires his rifle -- CRACK!!

     The ANIMAL is KNOCKED DOWN mid-leap, yelping...

     The beast lands, a mass of grey fur.

     Ichabod comes to stare down.  Young Masbath arrives.  They
     both look to the beast, horrified.

     The creature lies helplessly spastic; a TWO-HEADED WOLF, with
     one head blown open to brain and gore.  Its living head
     lifts, MEWING sadly, eyes pleading.

     Ichabod step up with pistol.  FIRES.  MEWING STOPS.


               What God-forsaken hell is this?

     Ichabod swallows back sickness, looking away.  Something
     catches his eye.


               Christ...

     Through the forest: the SKY'S LIT UP.  Distant fire.



     Ichabod and Masbath ride up, confronted by the Crone's cave
     vomiting flame out all orifices.

     Ichabod approaches.  Embers swirl everywhere.  The Old
     Crone's body lies amongst bloodied leaves.  Headless.




     Much commotion.  A MOB in front of the home marked
     "LANCASTER, PHYSICIAN."  Steenwyck addresses the rabble.


               You all stand idle, while this man
               goes about with a book of secrets and
               a bag filled with magic.  You all
               stand idle, while the shadow of the
               Devil falls over our town.

     Baltus, Lady Van Tassel and Katrina watch at safe distance.


               I say, if you do nothing, you share
               in the blasphemy of Ichabod Crane!

     Killian, on horseback beside his wife, BETH, and son, Thomas,
     rides to one side of the shouting crowd.


               Listen to me!  Do you want to save
               your crops?  Or would you rather see
               your farms go to ruin?


               How is he saving our farms?  How?
               Ichabod Crane has brought into our
               midst the soulless, moldering corpse
               of a heretic!



     Ichabod examines the Crone's neck wound with magnification
     spectacles.  Young Masbath is seated, ledger in his lap.


               The wound is neither smooth nor
               cauterized, but jagged.  She bleeds
               like a fountain.

     Ichabod lifts her dead hand to show bruises and cuts.


               She did not go quietly.



     Doctor Lancaster wrings his hands.  His WIFE rocks nervously
     in a rocking chair.  The CROWD outside ROARS as a bonfire
     lights up the curtained windows.

     The front door is POUNDED open.  ANGRY MEN enter.  Lancaster
     stands, lips quivering.  He points insistently to a door.



     Angry men break in.  Ichabod looks up.


               Step aside, Constable.  Step aside...

     Ichabod is shoved aside, spectacles knocked off.

     The group grasps the Crone.  Masbath stands on his chair,
     clutching the ledger.  Ichabod grabs one man.


               What are you doing?

     The man slams Ichabod back.

     Magnification spectacles are crushed under foot.



     Angry men carry the corpse to a raging bonfire.  The mob
     makes way.  Steenwyck cheers them.


               Let her burn!  Let her burn!

     Ichabod comes out, followed by Young Masbath.  The Crone's
     corpse is thrown in the fire.  Cheers all around.

     At Ichabod's side, a man tries to grab the ledger Young
     Masbath holds.  Young Masbath cries out, hanging on to the
     book.  Ichabod joins the struggle.

     Katrina watches, emotions conflicting.

     Other men grab Ichabod.  One punches Ichabod in the face.

     Katrina rides forward as Baltus calls for her to stop.

     Katrina leaps down, into the crowd, pulls men off Ichabod.


               Stop this!  Leave them alone!

     A SHOT RINGS OUT.  Chaos halts.  Everyone turns, quieting.

     The men around Masbath and Ichabod turn to face Brom Bones.
     Brom holds a smoking pistol, flanked by Theodore and Glenn.


               Let them go
                      
               Are you going to beat an orphaned
               child, imbecile?

     Masbath is released, along with the ledger.  Steenwyck moves
     forward, pushing people aside.


               Are you Ichabod Crane's protector,
               Brom Bones?


               Only for the moment.


               You side with him in this?


               No.  I agree he has only made matters
               worse.  But, that will change, if you
               listen.

     He trades with Theodore, pistol for a long rifle.  Brom hefts
     the rifle, taking a round slug from his pocket.


               Theodore, Glenn and I offer to ride
               each day and night to watch over the
               Hollow.  We will stalk the border of
               the Western Woods and haunt the
               Horseman for a change, with rifles
               like this... and slugs like this...

     Brom brings the slug to his lips, blows.  It WHISTLES.


               Hollowed out and filled with powder.

     Brom smiles at Katrina, who watches unimpressed.


               Constable Crane is not the only one
               who fights with science on his side.


               I fired upon the Horseman and the
               bullet did nothing.


               You must have missed your mark.


               I hit him square.


                      
               I say... if the Horseman is solid
               enough to take the lives of our
               people, he's solid enough to feel
               this...

     Brom aims the rifle at a BARREL down the road.  FIRES.

     PLUNK -- the barrel is hit -- EXPLODES.  Smoke wafts.




     In bed, Ichabod is having unpleasant dreams once more.

                             FREAKISH WOMAN  
               The night of the great storm, I saw
               her cross my windows.



     Young Ichabod is seated beside Father, eyes tearful.  We are
     back in the court where Mother stands trial.


               In the lightning, I did see her.
                      
               Her. Lady Crane... I will never
               forget it.  The next moment, I found
               my infant son was dead, with the
               blood welt on his breast.

     The evil Third Man turns to a jury of TWELVE MEN.


               You have heard it.  The blood welt
               is the mark of Satan's touch.

     As the crowd murmurs in fear, Young Ichabod looks to Father,
     who sits with hands clenched, emotionless.



     In the quiet kitchen, Young Ichabod looks across the table.
     Father stares into his food.


               She was with me, father.


               Nothing can be done against them.


               She was with me that night.

     Father doesn't even look up.



     Empty church.  Young Ichabod carries a lantern past pews.  A
     soldier is seated near the altar with a rifle.


               May I see her?

     The soldier exits through a white door.  Young Ichabod waits,
     looking up at the vast church.  The white door opens and the
     Third Man steps out.


               Go home.


               May I see my mother?


               You do not want to be here.  Go home
               to your father.


               She did not do it... please listen...


               She is guilty.


               No, sir, please... she is innocent...


               She has confessed.


               No.


               She has admitted to her evil and
               signed a written confession.  Do
               you know what confession is?
                      
               All that is left for you now is to
               pray for her soul.

     The Third Man leaves through the white door.



     Young Ichabod buttons his shirt.



     Young Ichabod comes out, looks to the lawn, not
     understanding.  Father loads a wagon full of belongings.


               We are leaving.
                     
               She has gone away.

     Realization comes to Young Ichabod.  He runs, away across the
     lawn as Father calls after him.



     Young Ichabod runs, weeping.

                             THIRD MAN  
               She has confessed.



     Empty.  Doors are thrown open and Young Ichabod enters.  He
     goes down the aisle, towards the white door.

                             THIRD MAN  
               She has admitted to her evil and
               signed a written confession.


               Mother.



     Young Ichabod enters, halting.  The room contains TORTURE
     DEVICES: iron cuffs, thumb screws, knifes and needles.

                             THIRD MAN 
               Do you know what confession is?

     He walks, numb, eyes locked forward...

     In the corner is a SPIKED CHAIR, adorned with sharp iron
     spikes.  Hundreds of spikes.  It is fitted with straps for
     holding down the "accused."

     Tears stream down Young Ichabod's face.  He kneels, hands on
     the spikes of the chair, pressing hard.

     As he sobs, blood runs down from his hands.



     In bed, Ichabod opens tear filled eyes.  He sits up, bringing
     his trembling hands to wipe his cheeks.  His hands trail
     blood. He looks to them...

     The old scars are bleeding.




     Katrina comes to the door.  Ichabod is seated by the fire,
     eyes bleary, palms wrapped with bloodied cloth.


               Constable Crane?

     Katrina comes beside Ichabod's chair.


               Allow me some time.  I have spent
               every hour in the company of others.
               I need to be alone.


               What troubles you?

     She moves in front.  Ichabod gets up and crosses to sit
     facing away.  Katrina takes the chair he deserted.


               The things I said to you before...
               I was wrong to say them.


               No, actually, you were not.  Every
               word you spoke had truth in it.


               What has happened?

     Ichabod sits silent, puts his head back, eyes closed.


               Lady Van Tassel... she is your
               stepmother, isn't she?  She bears so
               little resemblance.


               What?


               She is not your birth mother, is she?


               No, but... why do you ask that?


               What happened to your mother?  Is she
               still alive?


               She died.  Her lungs were diseased...
               two years ago.  What is this about?


               Memories have come back.  I had them
               forgotten, and wish I could forget
               them again... but they are here now. 
                      
               Lord, how I hate this place.


               If you want me to go, I will.  Do you
               want me to leave?


               I... I do not know.  I no longer know
               what I think or what I feel.

     Katrina walks to him.  She touches his back.


               Why are you so afraid of that?  Is
               there truly such harm in uncertainty?

     She kneels, smiles a little for him.  She reaches to touch
     his face, holds his head in her hands.  Leans to kiss him.

     He rests his head against hers, weary, putting his arms
     around her.  They kiss passionately.




     Dawn light, is visible over forests pounded by rain.



     Ichabod exits his room, satchel in hand.  He looks down the
     hall, then steps back in to take a white rose from a vase.

     AROUND A CORNER, Ichabod comes to the last door.  He bends,
     slipping the white rose under the crack of the door.



     Rain.  Ichabod comes out.  Across the lawn, Young Masbath is
     bringing the horses.

                             LADY VAN TASSEL  
               Good morrow, Constable.

     Ichabod turns to see Lady Van Tassel in a chair, sewing.


               Returning to the Western Woods?


               Yes, actually.


               Use caution.


                      
               Do you know... I think those are the
               first words I have heard from you my
               entire time here.


               As my husband says, a wife should be
               always like an echo, and at the same
               time, quite unlike an echo.
                      
               Like an echo, she should speak only
               when spoken to, and unlike an echo,
               should never try to have the last
               word, or, at least that is what he
               believes.

     Baltus comes out the door, irritable, skillet in hand.


               Constable... did you notice anything
               out of the ordinary during the night?

     Ichabod eyes the skillet, ill at ease, trying not to be.


               Um... I... I did not... no.  Why?


               Sarah has gone missing... my servant
               girl.  Her things are gone.  Damn it.
               She has joined the migration out of
               town.
                      
               What about breakfast, woman?  Or, am
               I to starve to death?

     Lady Van Tassel gets up and goes in, taking the skillet.


               I should be going... good day to you.

     Ichabod heads towards Young Masbath.  Baltus watches from the
     porch, disgruntled.  He goes in.




     Heavy rain.  Ichabod and Young Masbath ride side by side.


               If the Crone's wound bled hard, that
               means she was not killed by the
               Hessian.  Someone only tried to make
               it look that way.


               You grow sharper by the minute, little
               man.  It boggles my mind, but I begin
               to prefer your company over all others.


               Well... I'm one of the few people who
               likes you.


                      
               True enough.


               Then, who murdered the Old Crone?  And
               why?


               Good questions, deserving answers, of
               which we are in short supply.

     A SOUND is HEARD.  Ichabod looks back, then to Masbath.


               Quicken pace.

     Ichabod rides faster.  Young Masbath keeps up.

     FURTHER ON, they charge over a hill.  Ichabod halts Gunpowder
     and climbs clumsily off.


               Ride on.

     Young Masbath obeys.  Ichabod takes out his pistol and wades
     into forest growth, backtracking.

     INSIDE THE FOREST, Ichabod bounds through underbrush, low.  A
     HORSE is HEARD SNORTING.  He pushes through branches...

     Moving behind a FIGURE IN A GREY CLOAK on horseback.


               Halt and turn.  I have a pistol aimed
               at your head.

     The figure stops, pushes off the cloak hood.  Katrina.


               It is only me.


               Katrina.  Why do you follow?


               I apologize if I worried you.


               A woman should not be out alone in
               these woods.


               But, I am not alone, am I?  I only
               wished to see what you were up to,
               and...
                      
               To thank you.

     Ichabod softens, but doesn't want to.


               Come along.



     Raining still.  Ichabod, Masbath and Katrina come into a
     clearing, mouths falling open at the sight of...

     A monstrously huge TREE OF THE DEAD, at the clearing's
     center, with branches reaching far and wide, knotted and
     gross, like agony captured in wood sculpture.

     Ichabod dismounts, crossing a line beyond which grass and
     weeds will not grow.  Young Masbath and Katrina dismount.


               You were right... it does draw
               attention to itself.

     Ichabod stares up into the endless, dead canopy of branches.
     He circles the incredibly wide trunk.

     There's a VERTICAL WOUND in the bark, as if the tree once had
     a terrible vertical in it, now partially healed and
     disgustingly scarred.  Ichabod approaches.

     He feels the mushy scar, picking at its scabs till much sap
     begins to trickle. It is red and Ichabod fingers it.


               Blood.


               What did you say?

     Ichabod goes to where Katrina and Masbath wait with the
     horses, digs in a saddle bag for a hand axe.


               What is it?


               Stay back.

     At the trunk, Ichabod thumps the flat end of the axe against
     the suture.  It sounds hollow.  Ichabod begins to chop.

     He pulls away loose bark.  The tree drips more blood and a
     clear goo.  Ichabod uses both hands on the axe to hack at the
     festering suture.


               What are you doing?


               Just... keep where you are.

     Ignoring, Young Masbath moves closer.  Ichabod keeps
     chopping, then grips a large, loose flap of wood, trying to
     bend it.  It's not easy.  Ichabod struggles.

     Katrina follows Masbath's slow advance.

     Ichabod's pulling... the flap suddenly gives, revealing a
     blood-soaked, wide-eyed, gap-mouthed HUMAN HEAD.

     Ichabod recoils.  Behind him, Katrina stifles a scream,
     taking Young Masbath in her arms to keep him from looking.

     It is Philipse's head, hanging off the trunk flap, held by
     roots grown around and into the flesh.

     Ichabod reapproaches, back of his hand to his mouth.

     FOUR other SEVERED, DECAYING HEADS are held by ingrown roots
     within the dewy innards.


               My God... what has happened?


               He... he tries to take the heads...
               they will not pass.

     He looks to the branches towering above.


               Must be some sort of gateway.  But,
               why this place... ?


               We should go.


               Why this tree?

     Ichabod begins looking at the ground, moving around the tree.
     He gets to his knees, pushing mud away.

     Uncovering a flush HEADSTONE carved with "666."


                      
               "Climb down to the Horseman's
               soulless place."
                      
               Bring the shovel.




     Rain.  Young Masbath's crouched, muddy, rifle across his
     knees.  He's watching the tree.

     Behind him, Katrina climbs out of the shallow grave near a
     pile of mud.  Ichabod hands up the shovel.


               Masbath, we've found it.

     Young Masbath goes to the grave.  Ichabod pulls at thick
     burlap cloth, straining as it comes away.

     Ichabod looks down, disbelieving.


               It cannot be true.

     WE SEE: roots have gripped the Horseman's bones and tattered
     uniform.  The skeleton is all there -- except the skull.


               Why is it every grave I open holds
               a new mystery inside?


               The skull is gone.


               Yes.  I did notice that, thank you.

     Ichabod climbs out, weary in body and spirit.  LIGHTNING.
     THUNDER.  He stares at the bones.


               This is his silent shrieking... and
               his desire, to reclaim his head.

     Ichabod turns, looking to the bordering forest.


               "He who holds fast the Horseman's
               desire will guide his reaping hand." 
                      
               Someone controls the Horseman.

                             KATRINA  
               Ichabod!

     Ichabod turns, looks...

     Katrina and Young Masbath back away, because the ROOTS in the
     grave are ALIVE, further entwining around remains.

     Ichabod spins to the twisted tree...

     The vertical SUTURE SEETHES, pulling inwards... sucking
     Philipse's head back in and closing, bubbling.

     Ichabod bounds over grave dirt pile, hastening Katrina and
     Young Masbath along as he flees.

     At the tree, the suture swells.

     Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath pass where their freaking
     horses are tied to a fallen trunk, heading for cover.

     A RUMBLING is HEARD from the twisted tree, which suddenly
     BURSTS wide, spitting smoldering cinders.

     At the tree line, Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath cower,
     looking back.

     From the tree wound, a glow brightens, till the Headless
     Horseman and Daredevil EXPLODE into existence...

     They hit the ground running.

     Ichabod watches the Horseman ride away with bolts of
     LIGHTNING STRIKING the GROUND BEHIND.

     The Horseman disappears in the forest.


               His next victim is chosen!
                     
               Give me distance, then guide her
               back to the Hollow.

     Ichabod runs towards the horses.


               Constable!



     The Horseman rips past on Daredevil.



     Ichabod rides as fast as Gunpowder is able.




     Small home.  Killian, Thomas and Beth have finished supper.
     Beth clears plates as Killian picks his teeth with a knife.


               May I be excused, father?


               Do you deserve to be?


                     
               I think so.


                     
               Then, go.

     Thomas gets down from his chair.  He goes to the fireplace to
     light a tallow wick, which he takes to the next room.



     Thomas plops on the floor and lights his MAGIC LANTERN: a
     lantern with an outer sleeve of glass painted with
     silhouettes of lions and monsters.

     Thomas turns the lantern and looks to the walls where the
     creatures, shadows are thrown.  He roars for them, imagining
     them real and having a grand time.



     Beth comes for more dishes.


               Don't pick teeth.  You teach Thomas
               bad habits.

     Killian pulls her to him, playful.


               I am a bad habit.  There's nothing
               for it.


                      
               No one knows better than I.



     Thomas continues his fun, shadow animals circling him.

     In the shifting light, a baby spider comes from a crack in
     the wall.  Then, another spider skitters out.  More follow.



     A black horse runs, hooves pounding the ground.  THUNDER is
     HEARD.  The horse slows and stops... it is Brom's horse, with
     Brom aboard.  Brom looks skyward.

     The storm harshens, roaring through the trees.  Distant
     HOOFBEATS can be HEARD.  POUNDING.

     Brom takes his rifle off his shoulder.  The HOOFBEATS grow
     LOUDER and PASS, far away.  Brom turns in the saddle and
     WHISTLES.  He kicks his horse and rides.



     Thomas still watches shadow beasts, but sees something else.
     He goes to the crack where hundreds of spiders flee all
     directions. Thomas is amused.



     Behind Killian, mantelpiece stones pulse, breathing almost
     imperceptibly.  Demonic faces form, then disappear and reform
     again, shifting.  WIND HOWLS.



     Beth enters, looking at Thomas.


               What are you doing there?

     The magic lantern stops spinning.  Shadow creatures freeze.



     The ENTIRE HOUSE CREAKS.  Killian looks up.  CREAKING STOPS.
     The HOWLING WIND is LOUD.



     Beth comes to Thomas' side as he points.


               Spiders.

     Beth bends to see the swarming spiders.  She looks up,
     noticing the FEROCITY of the WIND.



     Killian stands, looking up.  The HOUSE CREAKS again, then
     suddenly the WIND CEASES.  Silence.


               Beth...



     Beth picks up Thomas.  The magic lantern creatures begin
     spinning anew, all around.



     With a ROAR, the fire flares.  Killian looks.

     WHHOOOSH the fire shoots up the fireplace.  Gone.

     Behind Killian, the DOOR SPLINTERS INWARDS.  The Horseman
     steps in, a battle axe in each hand.  WIND BLASTS...

     The DOOR to the other room SLAMS.

     Killian grabs a kitchen chair and hurls it at the Horseman.
     The Horseman swings, smashing it aside.


               Beth... run!



     Beth hugs Thomas to her as she backs away.

                             KILLIAN 
                     
               Get out!



     Killian grabs an iron skewer from the fireplace, swings it to
     fend off a blow from the Horseman.

     The Horseman swings the other axe.  Killian ducks.  The axe
     cracks fireplace stone, throwing sparks.

     Killian lunges, jamming the skewer into the Horseman.

     The skewer comes through the Horseman's back.  The Horseman
     swipes with the flat of one axe -- pounding Killian aside.

     Killian hits the wall, bashing his head.  Hits the floor.



     Beth kicks a carpet to reveal a trap door.



     The Horseman pulls the skewer out of his body, throws it.  He
     goes to lift Killian by the hair with one hand, brings back
     the axe in the other...



     At the trap door, Beth lowers Thomas to stairs leading to the
     cellar.  Thomas is crying.


               Don't let him get you.


               Mommy...


               You hide now... go...

     Beth closes the trap door, frantically replacing the carpet.
     The room's door flies open and the Horseman strides in,
     carrying Killian's severed head.  Beth shrieks.

     The Horseman steps forward, knocks over the magic lantern.



     Beth's SCREAMS are abruptly CUT OFF.  Her BODY is HEARD
     HITTING the floor above.  Thomas crosses the cellar,
     stumbles.  He scurries into the shelter of a wheelbarrow
     propped against the wall.  FOOTSTEPS are HEARD.



     The Horseman's hands place Killian's and Beth's heads in a
     sack, cinching the sack shut.



     The Headless Horseman enters, bends to retrieve the battle
     axe he left.  He stands.  Pause.



     Thomas' trembling hands pull the wheelbarrow closer.  QUIET.
     He tries to control his sobbing.



     The Horseman turns, falls to his knees.  He starts to chop at
     the floor with both axes.  CHOPping,  CHOPping,  CHOPping...
     making quick work of it...



     A hole appears in the ceiling as debris falls.

     Thomas looks up, terrified.  He gets up to run away...

     The Horseman's arm shoves through above, grasping Thomas and
     yanking him up.



     Brom rides from the forest, charging across Killian's field.

     At Killian's house, Daredevil rides up as the Headless
     Horseman walks out with his sack of heads.  The Horseman ties
     the sack to the saddle and leaps up.

     Brom puts his reins in his mouth, raising his rifle.

     The Horseman heads away, past the barn, as Brom gains.

     Brom aims... FIRES!

     BOOM -- the slug EXPLODES, blowing the Horseman off
     Daredevil.  Daredevil keeps going.  The Horseman's smoldering
     body is left "face down."

     Brom halts his horse.  He climbs down, pleased.

     The Horseman moves.

     Brom backs away, satisfaction diminishing.

     The Horseman gets on his knees.

     Brom falls to one knee, begins reloading.  He fills the gun
     from his powder horn.

     The Horseman stands, unsheathes his sword and turns.  The
     blast has blown apart his uniform at the chest and shoulder,
     exposing rotten flesh and maggot-infested muscle.

     Brom readies his ramrod, jamming powder in the barrel.

     The Horseman charges.

     Brom stands, pulling out the ramrod.  The Horseman is on him.
     Brom swings the rifle, blocking.  Sparks fly.

     The battle is on, with Brom fending off the Horseman's sword
     with the gun -- CLANK -- CLANK -- CLANK.

     ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod and Gunpowder break into the open.

     UP THE FIELD, the Horseman makes a backhanded swing.  Brom
     goes down, his rifle sent flying.

     Brom rolls to avoid as the Horseman slashes.

     Brom flees.  The Horseman pulls and throws a knife...

     THWAP -- the knife imbeds in Brom's thigh.

     The Horseman runs towards Brom.

     Ichabod closes in, pulling an unlit lantern off his saddle.

     Brom tries to get up, bends to extract the knife.

     The Horseman, mid-run, changes his sword grip, blade down.

     He plants one foot on Brom's back, raising his sword, about
     to skewer...

     Ichabod arrives full gallop, SMASHES the lantern into the
     Horseman -- knocking the Horseman off Brom.

     AT THE EDGE OF THE FOREST, Theodore and Glen arrive on
     horseback.  They hold a moment, watching.

     Brom runs, limping, to the barn, goal in sight: farm
     implements propped there.  Brom grabs SCYTHES with long
     curved blades, one in per hand.

     The Horseman rises.

     Ichabod turns Gunpowder and leaps off, runs to Brom.

     The Horseman moves towards them, hefting a battle axe in his
     free hand.  Ichabod steps up, pistol aimed, furious.


               For what it's worth...

     FIRES -- the bullet rips through the Horseman's stomach to
     reveal putrid innards as he keeps advancing.

     At the forest, Theodore looks to Glenn, turns and flees.

     Brom steps up, scythes ready.  He and the Horseman go at it.
     Brom blocks axe and sword, catching and deflecting blows.

     At the forest, Glenn follows Theodore away.

     Ichabod grabs a long handled SICKLE.

     Brom swings the scythes.  The Horseman avoids.

     Ichabod moves to the side, looking for an opening.  He swings
     the sickle. The Horseman blocks.

     The Horseman battles both at once, catching blows...
     countering every strike, METAL RINGING.

     Brom catches the Horseman's sword in one scythe, holding it
     off.  Catches the axe handle in the other scythe.

     The Horseman flatfoot KICKS Brom's chest, sending him down.

     Ichabod swings the sickle blade...

     Hits the Horseman, the blade embedding to the hilt.

     The Horseman drops his axe and grasps the sickle, jerking...

     The sickle handle SLAMS Ichabod's, knocking him away.

     Ichabod crawls, tries to shake off the blow.

     He looks up.  The Horseman staggers, spastically trying to
     pull the blade from his body.

     Brom limps to Ichabod, yanks him to his feet.


               We cannot win this.

     They head towards the forest.

     Behind, the Horseman extracts the sickle, throws it.  He
     strides after them, picks up his axe on the way.



     Ichabod and Brom stumble down a hillside.  Brom points.


               There...

     They run to a DOCK at the edge of a wide, rapid river.  They
     jump into a FLAT BOAT barge.


               Go to the front and guide it.

     Ichabod goes.  Brom uses a scythe to slash the ropes.

     Ichabod picks up a GUIDE POLE.  The barge lurches, set free.

     Ichabod struggles to push the boat out.  it moves swiftly,
     caught in rain swollen current.

     Brom looks back.  No Horseman.  He leaves the scythe and
     moves to the front, hefting another pole to help guide.


               Let's see him catch us now.

     Ichabod looks to the shore.  Horror.


               Look.

     LIGHTNING ILLUMINATES -- ahead, the Horseman stands on the
     bank with Axe and sword.  Daredevil near.


               We'll pass right by the son of a bitch.

     Ichabod and Brom push with the poles, trying for speed.

     At the bank, the Horseman walks directly to the water...

     Just as he takes a step onto the water, the rain churned
     surface TRANSFORMS -- instantly BECOMING a SHEET of ICE...

     SPREADING and supporting the Horseman as he advances.

     ICE SHOOTS OUT ahead of him, towards a point in the river
     where it will intercept the barge.


               My Christ...

     The Horseman's ICE BRIDGE engulfs the barge, HALTING IT.

     Ichabod and Brom are thrown.  The barge is trapped.

     The Horseman nears.

     Brom runs to the rear to retrieve his scythe.  Ichabod holds
     up the only weapon he has, his guide pole.

     The Horseman steps on board.  Ichabod swings.  The Horseman's
     axe cracks the pole in half...

     The Horseman thrusts with sword -- into Ichabod's chest --
     clean through.  It SIZZLES as Ichabod screams.

     The Horseman lifts Ichabod up, flips him, pulling the sword
     out as Ichabod goes...

     SMASHING through the ice and under.

     UNDERWATER: water carries Ichabod, slams him against ice
     above. He's pulled down by undertow.

     ABOVE WATER, beyond the edge of the ice bridge: Ichabod comes
     up, gasping, choking on rain.

     He treads water, looking to the barge.

      -- FROM THE WATER

     Aboard the barge, the Horseman cuts Brom down... stands over
     him, chopping with sword.  Our VIEW grows BLURRY, and...





     Candlelight.  Ichabod, shirtless, feverish, opens his eyes.
     The wound at the top of his chest is raw.  Katrina inserts a
     needle in the skin around it.


               Lay still, Ichabod.  Do not move.


               Doctor, he is awake.

     Ichabod tries to sit.  Pain stops him.  Lady Van Tassel helps
     bleed the wound with the needle and a tube leading to a
     SUCTION JAR of blood.


                     
               What... what are you doing... ?


               I'm drawing bad blood from the wound.

     Doctor Lancaster comes to the bed.


               Keep still, Constable.  You were
               half-drowned when they found you.


               ... Brom Bones...


               He is dead.  You would be also, if
               your wound had not somehow shut.


               Bring Young Masbath here.


               You need to sleep.


               Bring him.


               You need rest.

     Ichabod gives up, closes his eyes.  Katrina, needle in one
     hand, brings her other hand to hold Ichabod's.

     Blood drips into the suction jar.




     Ichabod is soundly asleep.  Across the room, Katrina is at
     his work table.  Ichabod stirs.  Katrina looks to him.

     Once she is satisfied he will not wake, she returns to what
     she was doing, turning a page.  She is reading his ledger.



     Young Masbath lies awake.  A glint of light crosses the
     window.  Masbath looks to it, gets up, peers out.

     THROUGH THE WINDOW, he can see the Van Tassel Manor House in
     the distance.  Lantern LIGHT crosses the lawn.



     The lantern light moves through the orchard, away from the
     house.  We cannot make out the person.

     Elsewhere, Young Masbath runs in pursuit.  He hides against
     one tree, leans to look...

     The light enters forest.  Young Masbath follows.




     Ichabod's hurting.  Masbath helps with a shirt.


               Someone left last night.  Looked
               like they headed to the square, but
               I lost them in the forest.


               Man or woman?


               All I saw was their lantern.


               Business, best hidden is hidden best
               at night.

     Ichabod goes to his work table, organizing his satchel.


               If someone has the Horseman's skull...
               if they control the Horseman, then why
               haven't they sent him for your head
               yet?


               Because, I serve a fine purpose alive.
               It is perfection for our murderer if I
               return to New York City with nothing
               more than tales of a galloping ghoul. 
                      
               We must uncover the reason these
               victims were targeted.  What was taken
               from them... other than their lives?
               Who benefits by their deaths?

     Ichabod fumbles the bottle of white powder.

     It bounces, cork popping out... rolls under the bed.


               Damn it.

     Ichabod kneels, pained.  A trail of the blood-detecting
     powder has spilled.  The bottle is out of reach.


               I'll get it.

     Young Masbath gets down, ready to crawl for it, but Ichabod
     stops him, peering under.


               Wait...

     Far under, near the bottle, some powder is bubbling.

     Ichabod moves to the end of the bed and lifts, in pain. 
     Young Masbath helps. They drag the bed to one side.

     Under the bed: a Satanic PENTAGRAM has been DRAWN IN BLOOD.

     Ichabod stares, trying to grasp the implication.  Masbath is
     about to speak, but Ichabod puts a finger to his lips.

     Ichabod moves to lock the door.


                      
               Who did this?

     Ichabod does not answer.  He picks up a wash basin and dumps
     the water to wash the Pentagram away.




     WAGONS, HORSES and TOWNSPEOPLE swarm.  A CROWD loots the
     town's general store.  Provisions are passed along man to man
     and loaded on wheelbarrows.

     All up and down the long straight road, home owners board up
     windows with lumber.

     Ichabod and Young Masbath ride, passing many angry faces.


               Panic has set in.

     They stop, tying their horses and climbing stairs to the door
     of the "NOTARY."  Ichabod looks off...

     DOWN THE ROAD, at the far end, people head to the church.
     Much activity there as well.


               Sanctuary.  Or, so they hope.

     Families put up tents all around the church within the
     bordering wrought-iron fence.  Supplies abound.

     People work to build and erect massive wooden crosses.




     Tidy room.  Young Masbath watches Ichabod hand a slip of
     paper to the elderly Notary, Hardenbrook.


               Do you have these persons' wills?


               I have everything... last testaments...
               birth certificates, death certificates...
               deeds.


               Yes, sir... but, do you have these?

     Hardenbrook studies the paper with his one good eye.


               Certainly... certainly.

     Hardenbrook nods, handing the list back, grinning.  Ichabod
     stands waiting.  Hardenbrook is still nodding.


               May I see them, Master Hardenbrook?


               Hmm?  See them?


               May we look at them now?


               Of course.  You want them... it shall
               not take long.  Wait here.

     Hardenbrook heads across the room.  Ichabod offers the list.


               Maybe you should take this.


               A fine idea.

     Hardenbrook takes it and exits.  Young Masbath sits.


               What good is this?


               To discover what might have been taken
               from those who died, it will help to
               know what was there that could be
               taken in the first place.

     Ichabod waits.  After a moment, he looks uncertain.  He
     crosses to the half-open door...



     Ichabod sticks his head in, not liking what he sees.

     Hardenbrook's amidst unbelievable disarray.  Tables, shelves,
     and baskets of unevenly piled documents.

     Hardenbrook looks on a shelf, confused, then goes to a table,
     lifting papers, mumbling.


               Damn... damn... damn...


               Master Hardenbrook...

     Hardenbrook turns, a bit startled.


               Perhaps, I could assist in finding them?


               Well... that might be... helpful.



     Hardenbrook is asleep in a chair, snoring, blind eye open.
     Ichabod and Young Masbath face official-looking documents,
     with Ichabod focused on one will in hand.


               My father had farm land.  It was the
               only thing we owned of any value.


                      
               And it now belongs to you, according
               to Baltus.  I heard him say it.


               Yes.

     Ichabod turns the will in his hand to Masbath.


               Then look here at your father's will,
               and tell me why you are not listed.

     Young Masbath takes it, boggled.  Ichabod grabs another.


               Van Garrett had denoted his elder son
               in his last wishes; the same son
               murdered along with him.  But Van
               Garrett's wife and two infant children
               are not written... and they were spared.
                     
               Do you see?  Philipse had no family to
               bestow his farm to.  But, here...
                      
               The Widow Windsor was listed on her
               late husband's will.  After her
               inheritance, she amended the document
               to include her bastard child.  This is
               why the Horseman made absolutely
               certain to impale the unborn descendant.

     Ichabod sits back.


               Only the heirs were killed.  Proof that
               the Horseman slaughters by assignment.


               But, if the farm is not mine, who stole
               it away?


               No one yet, far as I can tell.  It has
               gone intestate.


               In test... what?


               Intestate.  Your farm... all the
               farms... they belong to no one.


               What does it mean?

     Ichabod stares off.


               Often in such cases, property which
               has gone intestate legally passes to
               whomever the deceased was indebted to.
               And, who in this town is owed a great
               many debts?


                      
               Baltus Van Tassel.


               Did your father take a loan?


               Yes.  I rode with him on payment days.

     Ichabod stands, grim, gathering wills and his ledger.


               Tonight, we answer questions.  And, to
               discover who moves about the Van Tassel
               house after dark... all we need is a
               candle.

     A LOUD NOISE is HEARD from the other room.  Ichabod looks.



     Ichabod bursts in.  No one there.  A chair has been knocked
     over and the front door is ajar.  Ichabod moves...



     Ichabod exits.  All around is the commotion in the square as
     before.  No telling who it was who just fled.




     Young Masbath is seated, bored.  Ichabod writes in his
     ledger.  A KNOCK on the door.  They both look up.

                             KATRINA 
                     
               Constable... are you there?
                     
               Ichabod?

     The knob is tried and found locked.  Pause.  At the bottom of
     the door, a red rose is passed under.

     This saddens Ichabod.




     Quiet night.  The church is a sight, with a yard resembling
     an empty squatter's tent city, surrounded by crosses.
     Boarded over windows leak shafts of light.

     MOVING PAST THE WINDOWS: many eyes peer out from the slats.

     UP IN THE BELFRY, TWO RIFLEMEN are on watch.




     Ichabod and Masbath are in darkness, still waiting.  Ichabod
     takes the cover off a lantern, looks at a clock.  Midnight,
     straight up.  Ichabod stands, picks up an unlit candle.


               Midnight seems an appropriate time.



     Ichabod and Young Masbath look out, cautious.  They move to
     the nearest door.

     Ichabod crouches, using the candle to mark the seam of the
     door and door frame.  He's making a low, wax seal.  If the
     door opens, the seal will break.

     They move to a second door, quietly.  Ichabod makes another
     low wax mark.



     Ichabod and Masbath come downstairs to a hall.  Ichabod
     continues his wax marking at each door.



     Ichabod and Young Masbath enter, shutting the door.  Ichabod
     walks to shelves at Baltus' desk, looks through ribbon bound
     DOCUMENTS and hands some to Masbath.

     Young Masbath pulls off the ribbon, pages through these "LOAN
     AGREEMENT" parchments.  Ichabod brings another pile.


                     
               They are alphabetical.

     Young Masbath has the M's.  "MARYIE," "MEGAPOLENISIS," AND
     "MELYN..." Not finding what he wants.


               There is no Masbath here.  My father's
               loan papers are missing.


                      
               There are none for Magistrate Philipse
               either.  "Paasch, James" "Pieter,
               Thomas" "Pos, William."

     A FLOORBOARD CREAKS.  Ichabod looks, blows out the lantern.
     He and Young Masbath stand frozen.

     Across the room, light comes under the door, stops, then
     continues.  A DOOR is HEARD OPENING and SHUTTING.  Ichabod
     crosses to follow, pointing back.


               Keep looking.  Then, hide in my room
               and bolt the door till I return.




     Lantern light moves, far ahead.  Ichabod follows.



     Ichabod stops, hidden.  He can see the light ahead, but it is
     no longer in motion.  He advances.



     A lantern sits on a rock.  On a blanket, a semi-naked MAN and
     semi-naked WOMAN are in the midst of rough SEX.

     Ichabod crawls to peer from underbrush.

     The couple keeps coupling, with the man on top.  His grunts
     and gasps are particularly desperate.  He's all over the
     woman, who lays back... it is Lady van Tassel.

     Ichabod swallows, inches closer.

     Lady van Tassel pulls the man's shirt, exposes his flesh.
     She raises a small, sharp KNIFE behind his back.

     Ichabod's eyes widen.

     Lady Van Tassel brings the blade to her own hand, slicing
     deep in her palm.  Blood flows.  She rubs her cut hand over
     her partner's arching back, smearing blood.

     Lady van Tassel caresses the man's chest, neck, face...
     trailing blood.  The man lifts his head, in ecstasy, sucks
     the woman's bloody fingers... it's Clergyman Steenwyck.

     Ichabod backs away, having seen more than plenty.




     Young Masbath unlocks the door.  Ichabod enters.


               I was getting worried.  Who was it?


               Lady Van Tassel.


               What was she doing?


               Something I really wish I had not seen.
               Never mind it.  Did you find the
               victims' loan agreements?


               No.  They are all missing.

     This troubles Ichabod.


               There is more, though.  While you were
               gone, I could hear someone else
               walking through the house.




     Ichabod and Young Masbath creep round a corner.  Going to the
     LAST DOOR, Ichabod crouches, eyes narrowing...


                      
               Katrina.

     The wax seal is broken, flecks of wax on the floor.



     Ichabod and Masbath come downstairs, checking all the wax
     marks.  Young Masbath finds one broken.


               Here.

     Ichabod comes over, pushes the door...



     They enter.  The kitchen is empty.  Ichabod crosses to
     another door, crouches.  Another broken wax mark.



     They enter... the room with the elaborate loom.  Ichabod
     moves his lantern to make a quick search, goes to table.

     He touches the top of a candle.  His finger comes away with a
     bit of still wet wax.


               There are no other doors.  This is as
               far as she could have gone.


               It is nothing.  She comes to read books,
               so her father will not find her.
                      
               It is absolutely nothing.


               What books?


               Fiction plays and novels.  Baltus does
               not approve.  Now, come.  It may not be
               long before Lady Van Tassel returns.


               But, sir... what books?  Where are they?

     Ichabod stops, looking around.  No books anywhere.


               If there is a secret place for books...
               it could be just as good for the
               missing loan agreements.

     Ichabod ponders this without saying anything.






     - Drawers are opened and searched, quietly.
     - Young Masbath uses a candle to look up the fireplace.
     - Ichabod opens a linen cabinet, unfolding blankets.
     - Young Masbath looks in a closet filled with big spools of
     sewing thread, on his knees, pulls a wooden box forward.
     Inside it, he finds only old cups and silverware.

     Ichabod pulls up a rug, feeling along the floorboards.

     Young Masbath crawls, doing the same.  He climbs under the
     loom, tapping on the floor.  TAP... TAP... TAP...

     He crawls further under the loom.  TAP... TAP... PLONK.  A
     hollow sound.  He taps again... PLONK... PLONK.


               Constable.

     Ichabod comes over as Young Masbath lifts a loose board.
     Under the floor, there are piles of books.  Masbath brings
     them up, handing them to Ichabod, who studies the spines.

     Young Masbath reaches in up to his shoulder.  He comes up
     with "LOAN AGREEMENTS."


               Fie!  Here they are.

     Ichabod takes them.  Names are near the top: "Masbath," "Van
     Garret," "Philipse," and "Killian."

     Ichabod sits back, numb, his heart bitterly broken.




     Lady Van Tassel prepares food with two servants at the open
     fireplace/oven.  Ichabod enters, rushed.


               Excuse me, Lady Van Tassel... Katrina
               is not in her room.


               No.  She has gone out.


               Where?


               She has taken the last of our grain
               to be milled.
                      
               You do have a background in the
               medical arts, don't you, Constable?


               Very little.  I must be going...

     Lady Van Tassel holds out her cut palm, the gash sewn shut.


               Will you look at this?  I cut my hand
               this morning: I sewed it myself, but
               I am afraid it will go bad.

     Ichabod takes her hand, distracted and nervous.


               It appears well.  It has already
               clotted.


               Look closer.  Do you have anything to
               clean it with?


               It is fine.  Now, I must...

     Lady Van Tassel grabs Ichabod by the wrist, tight.


                      
               I know you saw me.


               What... ?

     Lady Van Tassel glances to servants, keeps her voice low.


               I know you followed last night.  You
               must promise not to tell Baltus...

     Ichabod tries to pull away, but she grips tighter.  The FRONT
     DOOR is HEARD SLAMMING.  Ichabod is panicky.


               Have mercy on me.  Please... have mercy.

     Ichabod pulls away just as Baltus enters.  Lady Van Tassel
     goes back to work as if nothing happened.


               Constable, it is urgent that we speak.



     Baltus leads Ichabod to the porch.


               Clergyman Steenwyck is calling a
               meeting.  This time he is determined
               to have you forced out, or worse.


               How did you hear this?


               He came to me.  He promised great
               violence.  Said I should cast you out
               for my own protection.
                     
               I must speak honestly.  There is no
               reason to think he will not meet with
               success.

     Ichabod looks to barn, sees Masbath bringing the horses.  The
     CHURCH BELL is HEARD TOLLING far away.


               That is the meeting bell already
               calling.  With the murder of Killian
               and Brom, no one sees any good from
               you.  If... if you were to leave...
               you might be saving your own life.

     Ichabod studies Baltus, then offers his hand.  They shake.


               I appreciate your concern.  I thank
               you, sir.

     Ichabod hurries off, across the lawn, exasperated.  He runs.
     Masbath runs to him.  Ichabod takes Gunpowder and climbs up.


                      
               What now?  Where is she?


               Things have become complicated.
               Katrina is at the mill.  Ride ahead,
               find her and bring her to meet me
               outside the church.  Find her at all
               costs.  Quickly.

     They ride, fast.




     A conjuring pile of straw burns.  Gloved hands unfold a paper
     filled with clippings of human hair.  The hair is sprinkled
     on the fire.

     A cloaked FIGURE is kneeled at the pile.  The figure turns to
     remove A human SKULL from a cloth bag.

     The skull is placed at center in the flames.  It's teeth are
     sharp, cut to points.  The HORSEMAN'S SKULL.




     In the church yard refugee camp, food is prepared over fire.
     People inhabit the tents.



     IN THE CHURCH: it's crowded with families.  Pews filled with
     bedding and belongings.  Steenwyck comes to CLOSE the DOUBLE
     DOORS of his quarters, turning, angry.


               You are astonishing, Constable.  Do
               you truly think your ridiculous
               accusations frighten me?

     Ichabod is doing nothing to hide his disdain.


               Only if I repeat them outside this
               room.  And, I will if I must...
                      
               Out there, for all to hear.  Or...
               you may speak, as planned.  But, you
               tell them you feel compelled to move
               on to greener pastures.


               No.  You will not run me out.  No one
               will believe a word of what you say.


               Oh?  Far as I can tell, a rumor does
               not travel alone for long here.


               Are you a deist?  Is that it?  A free
               thinker who does not believe in
               divinity.


               It is only important what you are.
               An adulterer...


               I am the Lord's voice in this town.


               Wallowing in sin and lust...


               They need guidance.


               Wallowing quite literally in blood.


                      
               Damn you, sir!  God damn you to hell!


               He may.  But, not soon enough for
               you, and not on your behalf.

     Ichabod walks.  Steenwyck is humiliated.


               You are so upset now... and yet, you
               seemed in such good spirits last night.


               You cannot do this.  I am a man of God!


               Climb to the top of the tallest ladder
               you can find, Father.  That is the
               closest you ever come to God.



     Pews are packed.  Steenwyck enters, walks to the altar.
     EVERYONE QUIETS.  Steenwyck has composed himself, barely.


               My friends... dear friends.  Those of
               you still on your farms, I thank you
               for coming.

     He sees Ichabod near the back.  THUNDER is HEARD OUTSIDE.


               I... I address unfortunate business. 
                      
               I am forced to take my leave from
               Sleepy Hollow.  I will be moving on to
               do the Lord's work elsewhere.

     The GATHERERS MURMUR shock.  Ichabod walks out.




     Raining hard.  Baltus and Lady Van Tassel ride.


               Hurry along.  The meeting has most
               certainly already begun.  We do not
               want Steenwyck as our enemy.

     Lady Van Tassel trails.  WOOD is HEARD SPLINTERING...

     Just off the road, a tree falls...

     The trunk catches Lady Van Tassel's horse on its rear flank.

     The horse falls.  Lady Van Tassel hits the dirt.

     Baltus looks back, halting.

     Lady Van Tassel looks up to Baltus in fear, then turns.

     Behind her, the Headless Horseman trots from, the forest on
     Daredevil, stops.  Calm.  He takes his axe in hand.




     Storming.  The meeting is letting out.  Near the churchyard
     gate, Young Masbath rides with Katrina following on a horse
     cart.  Ichabod walks up as Katrina dismounts.


               What is so urgent?


               Come with me.

     Ichabod leads her to where they can talk away from others.


               Why have I not seen your face for so
               long?  You look much better.

     She touches his face, but he takes her hand, places the loan
     agreements there.


               Explain these.  I found them secreted
               away in the sewing room.

     Katrina's expression changes just so slightly to guilt.


               Why... why have I scrambled and run
               and clawed in all directions, only to
               find you against me?

     He stares at her.  Katrina stares back, in a small way
     defeated.  She looks for an out, but there is none.


               I have been reading your journal.
               I'm sorry.  I found it too fascinating
               to resist. 
                      
               I rode to catch up with you at the
               Notary, out of curiosity.  Before I
               found you though, I overheard what you
               were said.


               It was you there?


               When... when you spoke father's name
               along with accusations, I could not
               believe it.  I had to hide these... at
               least till I could confront him myself.


               And, what did he say?


               He did not do these things.  If you
               knew him, you would realize...


               What did he say, Katrina?


               I have not been able to face him yet.


               The loans give the land to your father.
               It does not matter survivors are still
               on their farms.  They could be thrown
               off... tomorrow... a year from now.


               Yes, I have seen that, and I told you
               why I hid them.


               What would you have me believe?


                      
               If you think I am behind this, say it.


               The name Van Tassel is blackened.  You
               share that name.


               Call me a liar, then, and a murderess.
               Say it, out and out.

     Many people are starting to notice the confrontation.


               Katrina...


               Speak the words, Constable.  What is
               stopping you?  What has happened to your
               ability to transcend sentimentality?

     Emotions tear at him.  Rain seems to pound down harder.


               Oh, no.  No.  Please... don't dare stand
               looking as if you still care for me,
               after all that you have said.  If I were
               to confess, would that ease your
               suffering?  Would that make it easier
               for you to hate me?!

     A TORTURED CRY is HEARD O.S.

     Baltus comes charging through the square on his horse.


               The Horseman is coming!

     He's barely hanging on.  He stops, practically falling off,
     running towards Katrina and Ichabod.


               Save me...


               Father?


               He killed her...

     Baltus grasps Katrina, fearful.  HOOFBEATS are HEARD.


               The Horseman has killed her.

     Far behind, the Horseman rides to follow, axe held up.
     Instant mayhem -- people scatter all directions, screaming.

     Baltus runs headlong to the church.


               Father!

     Katrina runs after Baltus.  Ichabod backs away, watching the
     Horseman come, then heads to the church with Masbath.

     Baltus pushes through the iron gate, into tent city, joining
     the swarm of townsfolk pouring into the church.

     The Horseman rides behind, closing the gap.  Men, women and
     children run for cover all along the square.

     Amidst the churchyard panic, Ichabod looks back...

     The Horseman reaches the open gate and Daredevil suddenly
     rears up, snorting, unwilling to enter.

     The Horseman grabs Daredevil's reins, tries to move forward
     again.  Same result.  Daredevil freaks out.



     Baltus makes his way in, shoving.  People are still clamoring
     in through the doors.

     Men pass rifles from stockpiles and climb onto pews at
     boarded windows.  Women herd children into a cellar.

     Baltus searches for a hiding place.  He looks across the
     church to see Steenwyck closing the doors of his living
     quarters.  Baltus moves...


               Steenwyck!

     At the front doors, Katrina squeezes in with Ichabod and
     Young Masbath just as people are forcing the doors closed.
     It's madness.  People outside begin pounding.

     Katrina searches.


               Father!

     Ichabod goes to a window, looking out between boards.



     Across the yard, the Horseman gives his axe an underhand toss
     to the ground inside the gate.

     The AXE instantly BEGINS TO DEGRADE TO DUST in the rain.

     The Horseman rides, keeping outside the fence.



     Ichabod comes away from the window, looking to panicked
     citizens.  He sees Katrina moving up the aisle...

     She's heading towards Baltus, who slams against the door to
     Steenwyck's room.


               Damn you, Steenwyck!  Help me!
               Let me in!

     RIFLES BOOM LOUDLY as men at the windows begin firing.



     The Horseman circles, under fire.

     Great clouds of gun smoke shoot from the church.

     Men fire down from the belfry.

     Parts of the Horseman and Daredevil splatter red into the
     rain as slugs hit without effect.

     AT THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CHURCH, the Horseman comes around,
     heading to the town square.



     Rifleman shout to each other, running to the opposite windows
     to follow the Horseman.

     Young Masbath grabs a rifle and leaps to join the brigade.

     Baltus is still beating Steenwyck's door when a HUGE FARMER
     grips Baltus angrily and throws him...


               You'll kill us all!

     Baltus falls, knocking over pews.  Katrina's nearby.


               You're the one the Horseman wants.
               Why should we die for you!?




     The huge farmer picks Baltus up, dragging him and shoving
     Katrina aside as she approaches.

     Ichabod's pushing past people, trying to reach them.



     The Horseman brings Daredevil to a halt, yanking a large coil
     of ROPE off a hitching post.



     The huge farmer shoves Baltus to the floor again.


               Get out!

     Others join the rage, pulling Baltus towards the front of the
     church, shouting.  Ichabod struggles to push them off.


               Stop this!

     Ichabod gets to Baltus' side, trying to protect.


               The Horseman cannot enter!  It does
               not matter who he wants, he cannot
               cross the gate!

     At the windows, ONE RIFLEMAN turns, crying out.


               He's coming back!

     More panic.  The huge farmer moves towards Baltus.


               We have to save ourselves!

     Baltus pulls the pistol from Ichabod's holster, brandishing.


               No!  Get away from me!



     The Horseman rides past the front, fired upon.

     He halts at the wrought iron gate, reaching to yank off one
     POST which is pointed on top, like an arrow head.



     Baltus holds everyone's back with the pistol.


               The next person to lay hands on me
               will have a bullet.  Stand off!


               Father...


               No!  We're safe here.
                      
               You said it.  The Horseman will not
               have me.

     CRASH, the harpoon-like post SPEARS through a window,
     trailing rope tied to it...

     CRACK -- SKEWERS Baltus from behind, the bloodied point
     bursting out his breast bone.

     Baltus looks down, drops the gun... clutching the post with
     both hands.  Blood streams out his mouth.  Katrina screams.

     The rope yanks Baltus back.  He SLAMS into the WINDOW...



     Baltus CRASHES out, hits the ground, dragged...

     Outside the fence, Daredevil runs with the rope tied around
     his saddle pommel.  The Horseman strides forward, sword out.

     Baltus SLAMS the fence and the rope snaps.  He is held there
     awkwardly, gurgling blood.

     The Horseman reaches Baltus... chops off his head.




     The storm has passed.  Empty forest.  Long, peaceful pause,
     till Ichabod makes his way through, searching the ground.

     Ichabod comes to look down a small hill.  The corpse of Lady
     Van Tassel lies headless, in a dirty, torn dress.

     Ichabod walks to the body.  Lady Van Tassel's arm is twisted
     behind.  The sewn cut on the palm of her hand faces up.


                     
               Here!  I have found her...
                     (looking at corpse,
                      quiet and miserable)
               Here she is.




     Doctor Lancaster comes out from where Katrina is asleep.  He
     closes the door, wipes his sweaty face.  Ichabod waits.


               It has been a terrible jolt to her
               nerves.


               You will stay at her side?

     Doctor Lancaster nods.  Ichabod walks.



     It's getting dark.  Ichabod comes out and crosses the porch.
     A few of the Hollow's residents are here.  Young Masbath gets
     up and follows Ichabod onto the lawn.

     Ichabod walks without waiting.


               She's the one who controlled the
               Horseman, isn't she, sir?  Sir? 
                     


               I need time for thinking.  Without you
               hanging on my coattails for a change.

     Ichabod keeps walking.  Young Masbath stops, wounded.




     Ichabod stands holding a torch, looking up.  The whole area
     is bright from the light off a giant fire.

     There are broken lanterns and barrels around the agonized,
     twisted tree.  The tree is aflame, fire dancing up the trunk,
     and through every branch to lick the sky.




     Dawn.  Ichabod is seated overlooking the Hudson.  He stares
     at the beauty around him, brooding through bleary eyes.
     Gunpowder is tied to a tree.  BIRDS SING.

     The ledger is open in Ichabod's lap.  He thumbs pages
     absently, just keeps staring off.



     A fire burns in a circle of rocks.  Ichabod's ledger is
     thrown in.  The pages catch quickly.

     Ichabod watches, then walks away.  He's about to climb onto
     Gunpowder, but on second thought he opens his satchel and
     digs out a BOOK.  He walks back to the fire, throws it on...

     "Romeo and Juliet."  Flames devour it.




     The clearing is silent.  The twisted tree still stands,
     smoldering, impressive as ever, or perhaps even more so with
     the alien appearance its blackened skin now affords it.




     Ichabod packs up baggage.  Young Masbath is miserable.


               Won't you change your mind, sir?
               What can I say to convince you?


               Nothing.  To hell with this place
               and all the people here.

     Ichabod closes a bag, throws it with others.


               Why... why are you like this?


                      
               You do not know all that has happened.
                      
               You cannot understand.



     A coach, with Gunpowder as one of its team, waits in the
     orchard.  Van Ripper comes to meet Ichabod and Masbath.


               Half now.  Half when we reach the
               city.

     Ichabod hands Van Ripper money.  Van Ripper takes the
     baggage.  Ichabod looks to the Manor House.  Only one light
     shines, in a second floor window.

     Katrina can be seen there a moment as she closes curtains.

     Ichabod turns to Young Masbath, who is beginning to cry.


               This is farewell.


               Take me with you.  There's nothing
               left for me here.


               I cannot.
                      
               You should not worry.
                      
               Van Ripper and his wife will look
               after you.  They will.  You will be
               well cared for.

     Young Masbath hugs.  Ichabod hugs back, swallowing.


               I am sorry.
                      
               Forgive me.  I failed you.

     Ichabod releases and goes quickly away, finding this misery
     unbearable.  He climbs in the coach.


               Do not go, Constable.  How can you
               leave?

     INSIDE THE COACH, Ichabod slumps back in darkness and closes
     his eyes.  He pounds twice on the coach wall.

     OUTSIDE, Van Ripper whips the reins.  The coach starts.
     Young Masbath follows.  The coach picks up speed on the long
     straight road.

     Young Masbath stops, wiping tears.



     Ichabod's coach moves through the town square.  A few people
     in the churchyard's tent city come out to watch it pass.




     The door is pushed open.  Young Masbath enters, looks around
     the empty room.  He goes to sit in a chair at the work table,
     crossing his arms and resting his head.



     A plate of food sits untouched.  Katrina is slumped down in a
     chair, heartbroken, staring into the fireplace.

     Behind her, a shadow moves across the room.




     Van Ripper leads the coach through the stone pillars marking
     the entrance of Sleepy Hollow.



     Ichabod takes off his hat, sets it on the seat.  The window
     between him and the driver slides open.


               Sir... this is yours.
                      
               The Van Tassel girl said to give it
               to you after you were gone.

     Ichabod takes it.  It is the bird/cage spinning toy.  He
     studies it.  What melancholy.




     Katrina sits with her eyes closed.  A BOARD is HEARD
     CREAKING.  She sits up. Suddenly, a FIGURE in black is behind
     her as she turns.  WHACK! -- a gloved fist strikes.



     A dull THUD is HEARD downstairs, like a body falling.  Young
     Masbath takes notice.  He moves to the door...




     Ichabod turns the strings on the bird/cage toy, ponders it.

     The paper disk spins, images flickering until the bird
     appears to be inside the cage.

     Ichabod keeps spinning it, looks out the window.

     A tear rolls down his cheek.

     The bird cage toy's rotation slows... stops.

     Ichabod looks at it a long moment, then pockets it and leans
     forward to the window at front.



     Ichabod's face appears behind Van Ripper.


               Van Ripper, turn the coach about!


               What did you say?


               Turn around.  Now!




     Young	Masbath comes down the stairs, looking around meekly.


               Hello?  Katrina?

     Masbath starts down a hall.  He does not see, in another
     room, Katrina's body is dragged across the floor.




     The coach comes to Lancaster's.  Ichabod climbs out before it
     even stops fully, satchel in hand.  He hurries...



     Doctor Lancaster, half asleep, comes to answer BANGING on his
     door.  Ichabod pushes past, taking Lancaster's lantern.


               Pardon the intrusion...



     Ichabod enters.  There are two coffins on the floor.


               I never examined these bodies.

     Ichabod removes the lid from one coffin.  Lancaster is about
     to say something indignant, but then just looks disgusted.


               ... help yourself, you pompous ass.
               I will be in bed.


               Would you stay, doctor?  I may need
               assistance.

     Lancaster reluctantly remains.  Ichabod stares at the dead
     Lady Van Tassel.  The neck wound is covered by a stained
     brown cloth, which Ichabod unwraps.


               Stains of blood.


               What of it?

     Ichabod takes out one of the lenses that survived the
     magnification spectacles, bends to examine the neck.


               Jagged flesh. 
                     
               The Horseman did not do this.

     Ichabod moves to the side of the coffin, lifting the hand
     with the stitched gash on its palm.


               Here, Doctor.  Hold this just so...

     Lancaster holds the lens so that Ichabod can study the cut
     through it.  Ichabod takes a scalpel-like knife from his
     satchel, lifts the hand and cuts stitches.

     THROUGH THE LENS: the gash spreads easily, soft, bloodless.


               No clotting or gathering of pus.  No
               healing at all.


               What?


               When this cut was made, this person
               was already dead.
                     
               This is not Lady Van Tassel.




     Young Masbath enters.  The door swings shut.


               Katrina.
                      
               Is anyone here?

     Behind him, the door SLAMS open -- Lady Van Tassel reaches to
     grab Young Masbath by the throat.




     Ichabod charges up to the church doors, pounding.


               Open the door.  Open up, damn it!
                     
               Lady van Tassel is alive.  The Horseman
               is her puppet.  Please... 

     The door opens and Huge Farmer points a rifle at Ichabod.
     Frightened people peer out from behind.


               Aren't we rid of you?


               Listen to me.  Lady Van Tassel has
               faked her death.  I need able men...


               She's dead, and you have gone mad.


               No...


                      
               Get out!  Isn't it enough that you have
               ruined this town?  Go!

     Ichabod backs away from the gun, frustrated, runs...

     At the DOCTOR'S RESIDENCE, Van Ripper is still on the coach.
     Ichabod sprints over, breathless, taking out his pistol.


               Van Ripper... do you have a gun?


               Yes.  Here...

     Van Ripper hold up a rifle.  Ichabod holds out his hand.


               May I see it?

     Van Ripper's confused, but hands the rifle over.  Ichabod
     immediately points his pistol at Van Ripper.


               Get down.  Hurry!

     Van Ripper climbs off.  Ichabod climbs up, whips the horses.


               Sorry.

     Van Ripper watches the coach leave, still with his hands up.




     In a wooded area, Katrina lies unconscious.  Gloved hands
     reach to her hair and cut off a clump with SCISSORS.

     A conjuring pile has been made, containing a small animal's
     heart with an iron nail through it.  Katrina's hair is added
     and the pile is lit to burn.

     Nearby, Young Masbath watches, on his belly with his hands
     tied behind his back.

     Lady Van Tassel whispers over the fire, her white horse tied
     nearby.  She looks to Katrina, who stirs.

     Lady Van Tassel takes the Horseman's skull from a bag over
     her shoulder, places the skull in the flames.  THUNDER is
     HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel looks up, smiles.



     The wind tosses leaves in swirls.  The twisted tree opens
     wide, with a RUMBLE -- shafts of light shooting out.



     Ichabod drives the coach hard ahead.



     Katrina sits up, groggy.  Lady Van Tassel looks down at her.


               You... you are alive.


               Am I?  Or, are you and Young Masbath
               dead along with me?

     Katrina sees Young Masbath, and beyond him, the dying fire.


               She commands the Horseman.


               And, quite beautifully done, wouldn't
               you say?  It is almost over.

     THUNDER again.  Wind starts to pick up.


                      
               He rides tonight.


               Father saw you die.


               He saw me thrown... saw the Horseman
               looming over me as I fled.  Things I
               wanted him to see.  But, as long as
               I govern the Horseman, he cannot harm
               me.  Baltus did not stay enough to
               see that.  He ran as a coward,
               unfettered by my fate.


               Then, whose body was it... ?


               The precious servant girl Sarah.  I
               killed her and kept her body hidden,
               till I needed it.  And, when I
               return to the Hollow tomorrow, my
               version of the truth will come to
               pass. 
                      
               I mean, there I was that fateful day,
               following Baltus into the woods.  I
               did not know what he was up to...
               where he was going.  I worried for
               his safety.

     Katrina cautiously moves the hand she's supporting herself
     with, feels a rock and clutches it.


               Imagine my surprise, finding him on a
               liason with a common servant.  A girl
               who had apparently become his secret
               love.


               No one will believe your lies, whore.


               This whore will see your mouth shut
               forever very soon.  But... I am not
               going to kill you.  Not me...

     She picks up the Horseman's skull in her gloved hand.


               He will have that honor.



     The Horseman rides Daredevil, a freight train of moldering
     flesh, heading towards a chasm with no bridge.

     They reach it, galloping in mid-air to the other side.



     Ichabod guides the coach into the Van Tassel orchard.



     Lady Van Tassel admires the skull.


                      
               Woe is me... that spying on my husband
               in his filthy indiscretion, I saw he
               and Sarah attacked by the Horseman.
               Oh pity me... so overcome was I that
               I wandered in the Western Woods...
               dazed... nearly blind from terror.

     Lady Van Tassel crouches, rubbing dirt on her face.


               And, tomorrow is my grand performance,
               having barely survived the elements...
                      
               By sheer luck I found my way back to
               the Hollow.  But... what do I find
               here... ?  My dear, sweet step-daughter
               Katrina is dead.  Why has God forsaken
               her?

     Seeing that Lady Van Tassel lavish attention on Katrina,
     Masbath takes this opportunity to ease onto his knees.


                      
               No one will suspect this sad woman who
               has been through such an ordeal.  With
               only the empty solace of her money and
               land to comfort her.



     Ichabod leaps from the coach, bounds up the porch.


               Katrina!



     ICHABOD is HEARD.  Lady Van Tassel turns, astonished.


               Murderer!

     Katrina slings the rock -- strikes Lady Van Tassel in the
     head, a glancing blow that knocks her down.  Katrina runs.

     Katrina grips Young Masbath, helping him up...

     But, Lady Van Tassel scrambles up, grabs Katrina and throws
     her back to the ground.

     Lady Van Tassel steps hard on Katrina's ankle, touches her
     forehead, bleeding, pissed.


               You've been a naughty girl.

     Young Masbath leaps to action, charging head first -- slams
     into Lady Van Tassel, sends her backwards.

     Katrina runs and pulls Masbath up.  They flee.


               Ichabod!

     Lady Van Tassel rolls, recovering, not very concerned.


               Little bitch.



     Ichabod comes out the open front doors... hearing...

                             KATRINA  
                      
               Ichabod!

     Ichabod climbs back on the coach, taking off.



     Katrina and Young Masbath run out from a line of trees.


               Ichabod!


               Here we are!

     BEHIND IN THE FOREST, Lady Van Tassel rides her white horse,
     in no hurry.  Wind kicks hard.  HOOFBEATS are HEARD.


               Run, Katrina!  Fast as your pretty
               legs will carry you.  It makes no
               difference.

     ON THE LAWN, Ichabod drives towards Katrina and Masbath.

     Behind, at the tree line, Lady Van Tassel holds up the
     Horseman's skull, wind tossing her dress and hair.


               Nothing will stop him now!

     At mid-field, Ichabod reaches Katrina and Masbath.


               Climb up!


               Lady Van Tassel...


               I know.  Hold on.

     With Katrina and Masbath on board, Ichabod turns the coach.
     Katrina unties Masbath's hands.  HOOFBEATS GET LOUDER.


               Olly-olly oxen-free!

     Ichabod looks back towards Lady Van Tassel.

     At the treeline, the Horseman breaks into the open, hell on
     horseback.  Full speed ahead.


               Christ.




     The coach hits the long straight road, away from the house.

     Katrina and Masbath hold on as the coach shakes violently.


               Where are we going?


               I do not know.  Away.


               Here he comes!

     Behind, the Horseman can be seen on the forest bordered road.
     Closing fast.  Breakneck pace.


               We might make it to the church.

     Masbath takes a lantern, crawls back to the roof.


               Masbath... !

     He ignores, reaching the rear of the coach and throwing the
     lantern at the Horseman.  It smashes on the trail.


               Damn it, boy, get back here!

     Young Masbath slides back.  Katrina helps him.


               What can we do?


               Take the reins.

     Young Masbath takes them.  Ichabod slings Van Ripper's rifle
     over his shoulder and starts back.  Katrina grips him.


               Masbath is right.  We must do something.

     She releases.  Ichabod gets to the luggage area at the rear,
     struggling to open a storage box.

     Behind, the Horseman draws his sword, closer.

     Ichabod opens the box, hefting out a long, jagged SAW.


               Ichabod!

     Ichabod looks.  The Horseman rides up, swinging...

     Ichabod recoils -- THWACK -- just missed by sword.

     The Horseman lets the coach get ahead, shifting to the
     other side of the trail... coming along side.

     Ichabod backpedals, looking to Masbath.


               Keep him off!  Block him!

     Masbath guides the horses over.  The Horseman must fall
     behind to avoid the wheels.

     The coach hits a large, fallen tree trunk.

     Ichabod bounces, falling...

     He hangs off the side of the coach.

     Katrina climbs to offer her hand.  Ichabod offers the saw.


               Take it!

     Katrina takes the saw.  Now with both hands, Ichabod tries
     for better purchase.  He grips the coach door.  It opens...

     Ichabod clings to the open door as branches slam him.

     He's reaching to the coach threshold, reaching...

     Ichabod pulls himself inside.

     BOOM -- the door hits a tree trunk, bashed to pieces.

     Ichabod looks out from the coach, dazed.  He climbs.

     Katrina looks back as Young Masbath guides the coach to block
     the Horseman again.

     The Horseman sheaths his sword, riding... reaching to grip
     the back corner of the coach.

     The Horseman dismounts, clinging, climbing...

     Ichabod takes the rifle off his shoulder, aiming...

     BANG! -- splattering the Horseman's hand point blank.  The
     Horseman hangs on with his other hand.

     The Horseman re-grips with the blasted hand, amazing since
     it's now all mush and bone.

     Ichabod throws the rifle on his way to the driver's perch,
     taking the saw from Katrina.


               Move forward!

     Katrina looks to the horses, then at Ichabod.


               Go!

     Ichabod takes the reins from Young Masbath.


               Help her.

     Reins in one hand and saw in the other, Ichabod waits.  The
     Horseman rises up and moves in, taking out his sword.

     Young Masbath climbs down to the wooden pole connecting the
     coach to the bridles, puts out his hand.  Katrina takes it.

     Behind, the Horseman swings.  Ichabod blocks with the saw.

     Young Masbath guides Katrina as she leaps onto one horse.
     Bareback.  Young Masbath straddles the horse beside her.

     The Horseman swings, backhanded knocks the sword from
     Ichabod's hand as Ichabod falls back...

     Ichabod hits the bridle post, hanging onto straps for dear
     life.  His feet drag on the trail.

     Above, the Horseman comes to the driver's perch, close enough
     to kill Katrina.  He raises his sword...

     Katrina screams, ducking, helpless...

     Below, Ichabod pulls a bolt from the coach's hitching-rod.

     He shoves off with his feet.

     The Horseman swings.... missing.

     The horses detach from the coach, dragging Ichabod along.

     The coach careens out of control.

     It flies off the trail, hits an incline and sails off,
     throwing the Horseman.

     The coach hits a tree trunk and SMASHES.

     FURTHER DOWN THE TRAIL, the coach horses stop.  Young Masbath
     and Katrina climb off as Ichabod gets to his feet, hurting,
     clutching his previously wounded shoulder.


               What now?


               I doubt that's the end.


               The church.


               He moves too fast.

     Ichabod unhooks a lantern off the bridle rail.  The trail
     behind is silent, till a bone chilling SCREECH is HEARD.


               What was that?


               His horse.

     They start moving.  Ichabod looks around.  He sees...


               There...

     Through the tree line, the Hollow's massive windmill can be
     seen against the sky.  Katrina and Young Masbath run.




     Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath book into this open area,
     heading to the windmill.  Another HORRIBLE SQUEAL echoes.

     Ichabod looks over his shoulder.

     Heavy, low hanging BRANCHES and VINES at the forest edge
     creep to life, parting... forming a sort of black tunnel.


               He's coming!

     The Horseman gallops out, throwing leaves in his wake.


               Hurry!

     The Horseman readies a battle axe.

     Ichabod gets under the windmill, helping Young Masbath up the
     ladder and in.  Katrina next.

     The Horseman is almost there.

     Ichabod follows Katrina.  He gets in, feet dangling.  The
     Horseman dismounts...



     Ichabod leaps up and struggles with the heavy trap door...
     slams it.  He closes the latch just as the Horseman hits.
     The door buckles.


               It won't hold.

     Ichabod goes to a large GRINDSTONE against a wall.  He
     struggles to roll it.

     Young Masbath helps him roll it to the trap door.  It falls
     on top with a thud.  The Horseman's sword jabs up through the
     grindstone's center hole.

     The sword withdraws.  A POUNDING begins.



     The Horseman chops at the door with his axe.



     POUNDING CONTINUES.  The grindstone shifts.  Katrina and
     Young Masbath back away.  Ichabod holds his lantern up,
     desperate for ideas, searching.

     Above, to the right, is the milling platform, where grain is
     ground and bagged.  To the left is the crooked staircase.

     Ichabod picks up a bailing hook, a plan forming.  He gives
     his lantern to Katrina and points.


               Get up those stairs.  Open the door to
               the roof and wait.

     Katrina and Young Masbath obey.  Ichabod crosses and climbs
     the ladder to the milling platform.  He grasps a wooden
     lever, pulling it.  Gears above begin to turn.



     The windmill's rotors CREAK to life, spinning.

     UNDER THE WINDMILL, the Horseman keeps chopping.  His axe
     exposes grindstone, throwing sparks.



     Katrina looks down from the stairs.

     The Horseman's axe pries at the seam of the trap door.


               Ichabod...


               Keep climbing.  I will follow...

     Ichabod pulls bags of grain, lining them up at the edge of
     the milling platform.


                      
               Hopefully.

     ABOVE, Young Masbath reaches the ceiling, throws open the
     door to the roof.

     BELOW, Ichabod cuts holes into the grain bags, so milled
     grain spills out and falls to the floor, creating dust.

     He grabs one open bag and dumps it.  More grain dust.



     Masbath and Katrina come out.  Rotors spin behind them.



     Ichabod sees below... the Horseman sticks a hand through,
     trying to push the grindstone aside, then withdrawing.  The
     RACKING axe continues.  Won't be long.

     Ichabod grabs one half-full bag of grain, swings it with
     effort, throws...

     The bag smashes on the grindstone, busting the door...



     The grindstone falls through, SLAMMING the Horseman down...



     Ichabod slices into a sack hanging from a pulley system.
     More and more dust rises.

     Below, the Horseman enters.  Katrina shouts from above.


               Look out!

     The Horseman moves toward the ladder milling platform ladder,
     but Ichabod grabs it, pulling it up...

     The Horseman just misses the final rung.

     Ichabod throws the ladder aside as the Horseman backs off.

     Ichabod looks to the staircase.  No way to climb down from
     the milling platform and get there.

     The Horseman runs and leaps, grabbing a hanging chain...

     The Horseman climbs the chain, swinging...

     Ichabod runs across the platform, jumps...

     Ichabod grasps the frail rail of the staircase, barely.

     The rail creaks, about to break.  Behind, the Horseman lands
     on the milling platform.

     Ichabod is losing grip.  Young Masbath races down the stairs,
     grabs his hand.  He pulls Ichabod up.

     Ichabod's pistol slips from its holster and falls.

     Ichabod and Young Masbath look...

     The Horseman, following Ichabod's lead, runs across the
     milling platform and leaps...

     Grabs the staircase rail, only a few feet from Ichabod and
     Masbath.  Ichabod kicks the rail, breaking it...

     The Horseman falls in billowing dust, crashing below.

     Ichabod pushes Masbath up the stairs.



     Katrina helps them onto the roof.


               Quickly, close it.


               No.
                      
               Get to the crest of the roof and be
               ready to jump.


               Jump?  Jump where?



     The Horseman runs, agile, up stairs.



     Ichabod shepherds Katrina and Young Masbath to the edge where
     the rotors spin close.


               The blades will carry us to the ground.
               Face front and wait for me.


               I... I can't do this.


               We have no choice.

     Ichabod moves back to the trap door.

     Katrina and Young Masbath look at the rotors, and down at the
     long distance between them and the ground.


               Be ready...

     Ichabod throws the lantern into the windmill and runs.


               Now!



     The Horseman continues up.  The lantern falls past.



     Young Masbath jumps.  Ichabod grips Katrina and jumps...

     They hit one rotor and cling to the frame and cloth.  The
     rotor begins its downwards swing.



     The lantern hits the ground and shatters.  FLAMES EXPLODE!

     Grain dust is consumed instantaneously -- FLAMES ROAR
     upwards, filling the windmill...

     Engulfing the Horseman.



     The rotor is halfway to its lowest point.  Masbath, Katrina
     and Ichabod hang on as the entire structure trembles.

     BOOM -- flames shoot out the windows, doors and seams,
     lighting up the night.

     On the rattling rotor, Ichabod struggles to hold the frame
     with one hand and keep a grip on Katrina.

     Masbath drops.  Ichabod releases Katrina, then drops.

     They hit the ground.  Ichabod rolls, gasping, holding his
     shoulder.  They all look at each other in disbelief a moment.
     Ichabod lets out a sort of rasping laugh, standing.


               Okay... come on...

     Ichabod ushers them across the field, uphill.  Running.
     Lightning flashes across the sky.  THUNDER RUMBLES.

     A bolt strikes the windmill, and it EXPLODES...

     SHOCKWAVE DEAFENING.  The rotors bust apart.  Splinters of
     burning wood spin all directions.

     ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod, Katrina and Young Masbath keep
     running.  There is a WOODEN CART parked ahead.

     IN THE WINDMILL RUBBLE, the Horseman rises, shoving off
     burning debris.  His flame-ravaged uniform smolders.

     ACROSS THE FIELD, Ichabod stumbles onwards, but notices
     something horrible...

     In the distance, Lady Van Tassel's white horse roams free.


                     
               Oh, no...

     Young Masbath and Katrina are just past the cart when Lady
     Van Tassel rises from behind it, swings a plank...

     SLAMS Ichabod in the chest and sends him down.

     Lady Van Tassel grabs Katrina's hair, drags her.


               Should have stayed away, Constable.

     Ichabod gets up slow, furious, reaches to his holster, only
     to find it empty.  He moves forward.


               Keep back, or I kill her.

     She takes out scissors, holds them to Katrina's neck.
     Katrina ceases struggling.

     Ichabod keeps Masbath behind him, keeps his distance.  Lady
     Van Tassel shoots a glance...


               See him...

     Par off, the Horseman strides from the wreckage.


               You cannot kill what is already dead.


               Let her go!


               Yes... yes.  I think I will...

     Lady Van Tassel spins and throws Katrina in the cart, shoving
     against it.


               No!

     The cart rolls downhill.  Ichabod moves forward.

     Lady Van Tassel turns, brandishing the scissors, slashing and
     missing.  Ichabod backs off.

     DOWNHILL, the cart picks up speed, headed for the Horseman.

     The Horseman starts running to meet it.

     UPHILL, Lady Van Tassel grins.


               Say goodbye to her.

     Lady Van Tassel lunges, stabbing.  Ichabod avoids, puts all
     his fury behind his fist -- punches her in the face.

     Lady Van Tassel hits the ground and her bag falls open,
     sending the Horseman's skull rolling out...

     The skull rolls... rolls... landing far away.

     DOWNHILL, Katrina leaps out from the cart...

     She lands hard...

     The Horseman shoves the empty cart aside, still on the move.

     UPHILL, Ichabod sees the skull.  He runs towards it.

     Lady van Tassel grabs Ichabod by the ankle.  He falls.

     DOWNHILL, Katrina runs back.  The Horseman is catching up.

     UPHILL, Ichabod tries to pull f ree from Lady Van Tassel.

     Young Masbath comes behind her - BAM - hits her in the head
     with the wooden plank.  She's out.

     Ichabod scrambles to his feet.

     DOWNHILL, the Horseman catches Katrina, taking her by the
     hair as she falls to her knees and screams.

     UPHILL, Ichabod runs... grasps the Horseman's skull.

     He runs towards the Horseman and Katrina.

     DOWNHILL, Katrina struggles, but the Horseman holds her ready
     by her hair... raises his sword...

     UPHILL, Ichabod throws the skull...


               Horseman!

     The skull spins through the air...

     The Horseman drops Katrina, reaches up...

     Catches the skull.

     Katrina runs.

     Ichabod runs to meet her, grabs her as she falls, exhausted.
     Together, they back away from the Horseman.

     The Horseman holds the skull out, then brings it to his
     shoulders, to its rightful place.  THUNDER POUNDS.

     TRANSFORMATION begins -- blood and flesh rise up from the
     Horseman's throat and grip the skull.

     Young Masbath drops the plank, watching in awe.

     The Horseman's reformation continues.  Muscle forms.  Liquids
     become solids.  He is made whole once more, the same evil,
     human face we saw in Baltus' stories.

     He looks to Ichabod and Katrina, touches his restored face.

     Daredevil rides up, SCREECHING.  The Horseman replaces his
     sward and climbs into the saddle.

     He rides towards Katrina and Ichabod, but passes them by.
     They are so exhausted they fall down.

     Young Masbath backs up as the Horseman comes, but the
     Horseman does not want him either.

     The Horseman leans to grab Lady Van Tassel's unconscious
     form, pulls her up across Daredevil's back.

     He rides away with her.

     Ichabod and Katrina watch him go.  They look at each other,
     then kiss gratefully.

     Ichabod looks to Young Masbath.


               How are you?


               Tired.

     Ichabod smiles and holds out his arm.  Masbath comes over.
     Group hug.  Lightning brightens the farmland around them.




     HOOFBEATS.  The Horseman enters the clearing, keeping a hand
     on Lady Van Tassel.  Ahead, the twisted tree awaits.

     Lady Van Tassel is awakening, face bloody.  She turns her
     head and looks forward.  She screams.

     The twisted tree's wound opens, wide and glowing.

     Daredevil picks up speed...

     Daredevil leaps just as a lightning bolt blasts down,
     striking the Horseman.

     For an instant, Horseman and horse are transformed, SKELETONS
     OF LIGHT, entering the tree.

     Silence and smoke.  At the tree, Lady Van Tassel's hand
     sticks out from the tight-shut suture.

     The sewn wound on her palm seeps blood.




     A bright, busy day in New York.  A coach pulls up to
     Ichabod's home.  Ichabod is the driver.  He gets off, goes
     and opens the coach door.  He helps Katrina down.  Next,
     Young Masbath sticks his head out.

     Ichabod goes about unloading bags.  Katrina holds Young
     Masbath's hand, and they look down the street in wonder.






   





