








  A large metal door SLAMS SHUT.


            Single file - stay to the right of the
            line...





  PAN ACROSS the frightened faces of NINE WITNESSES, eyes fixed
  straight ahead.  A POLICE OFFICER walks slowly past each -
  FOOTSTEPS ECHOING in their fear.


            Take your time.  Take a good look.

  He passes a nervous SAFEWAY CASHIER in uniform.


            Ah, a-are you sure they can't see us?


            Two-way mirror, ma'am.

  He passes a UNIFORMED CHEERLEADER, an OLDER WOMAN, then a
  FACTORY WORKER, who removes his "Lincoln, Local 186" cap and
  wipes his nervous brow.


            But they're trained killers.  A guy at
            the plant says, "In 'Nam they could
            smell ya!"


            This is the United States of America,
            Sir.

  Officer reaches the end of the line - presses an intercom.


                
            Face front.

  Witnesses react - GASP - avert their eyes!



  The source of their fear - FIVE UNIFORMED CHEERLEADERS
  against the suspect wall.  They look like deer caught in
  headlights. 
  A sixth cheerleader, DIAN WESTON, is helped up the steps. 
  One thing separates her from the rest - SHE'S SIX MONTHS



                
            I'm sorry to bother you, ma'am, but is
            this going to take long?  It's game
            night.


                
            Picture in three --

  Like saying "walk" to a dog, the girls instantly smile.


                
            -- two, one...



  FLASH WHITE to INDIVIDUAL MUG SHOTS  over




  A LIGHT hanging above a table.


            ...a heinous crime has been committed
            here...





  CAMERA TRACKS EYE LEVEL around the table where an FBI AGENT
  , sits across from LISA JANUSCH
   - pretty, in a man-made
  way - bitchy in a B-squad Cheerleader way.  Other black
  suited AGENTS stand in the room.  CHEERLEADER MUG SHOTS cover
  the table.


            ...and testifying in such a case is a
            serious matter.  Should you decide your
            testimony would jeopardize your personal
            safety.


            Look, "Sipowitz", I said I'd tell you
            everything - I was just hoping to finish
            up before menopause kicks in.

  She smiles sweetly to the agent, then pushes Diane's MUG SHOT
  toward him.


                
            Let's start with the one who thinks her
            shit don't stink.  Diane Weston.







  Foggy, heart-shaped mirror.


            She's like a goddamn poster child for
            high school.

  A HAND ENTERS FRAME and WIPES CLEAR the mirror, REVEALING
  DIANE .


                
            Morning, sunshine.  Remember, these are
            the best days of your life.

  She starts to leave - then comes back.


            -- so far!

  She bucks her chin in the mirror and smiles - she's beyond
  adorable.


            If I wasn't such a lady, I'd tell you
            what a bitch she really is.





  Sign reads "CHEERLEADING TRYOUTS."  PAN DOWN a long line of



            She's the A-squad captain - stole the
            title from me.  You should charge her
            with that...



  Diane, pompoms on hips, smiles toward the camera.  A SIGN on
  the floor in front of her reads: "SQUAD MEMBER."  A SIGN to
  her left reads: "CHALLENGER".

  BRUCE, an effeminate young man, bounds up behind the
  "CHALLENGER" sign - putting his pompoms on hips.


            Hey, Bruce!  You look cute...


                
            Tommy Hilfiger.  I'm hoping fourth
            year's a charm.

  He crosses his fingers and arms.  Diane smiles.  LISA runs in
  frame and SHOVES Bruce to the ground.


            Outta my way, fag.  I'm up.

  Humiliated, Bruce RUNS O.S.  Lisa takes his place, looks
  straight ahead and smiles, pompoms on hips.


            This really should have been my year.  I
            had a lotta work done - I-I mean,
            y'know, I'd done a lotta work over the
            summer.

  Diane can't take her eyes off Lisa.


            Lisa?...  Is-is that you?

  LISA'S STUDENT I.D. drops INTO FRAME - her nose is big, she
  has no chin.  


                
            I lost a little weight.




            You could tell it made her nervous.

  Diane shakes her head in disbelief and turns forward.


            Ready?
                
            Okay!

  POMPOMS SNAP TO THIGHS and the CHEER BEGINS.  

  Diane is effortless as she glides, jumps and smiles through
  it - clearly better than Lisa.


            But they have to, y'know, spread the
            talent around, so I've been on the B
            squad for four years.





  Lisa pushes the rest of the mug shots toward the FBI agent.


            Now, the squad as a whole?  They're
            closer than Carolina cousins.  Some
            people say they're, like, lezbos or
            something.  But that's mostly just the
            yag-offs in band...





  FIVE PAIR of LEGS with MATCHING ANKLETS and WHITE KEDS dangle
  from the stalls.


            ...truth is, they're so close - they all
            get their monthly visit from "Aunt Rose"
            at the same time.

  A HAND REACHES UNDER the first stall, PASSING A BOX OF
  TAMPONS to the next stall - and so on down the line.


            First, there's Hannah Wold...



  HANNAH WOLD, a large, pretty girl in uniform, exits and
  crosses to the mirror.


            She's their base.  Strong as an ox. 
            She's like this Uber-Christian - doesn't
            say much.  I mean, if she wasn't kinda
            pretty, you'd go, "Hey, who's the tard?"



  CLEO MILLE, pretty, starlet-type, wears plenty of make-up. 
  She lifts the front of her uniform sweater, holds it with her
  teeth.


            Then, there's Cleo Miller...

  She opens her purse, pulls out a gel breast and stuffs it in
  one cup of her bra.


            Number one - not a natural blonde.

  She REPEATS for the other breast, then pulls her sweater
  down.


            I know.  I've been in the locker room
            and seen south of the border.  Number
            two --
                
            She has to see the school shrink.

  Cleo lifts the back of her skirt - REVEALING CONAN O'BRIEN'S
  face SILKSCREENED on her underpants (thought bubble above his
  head reads "Friday... I love Cleo.").  She KISSES HER HAND
  and plants it on his/her cheek.





  Cleo sits in front of the SCHOOL COUNSELOR.


            Dreams?  You mean, like, where I'm in
            Conan's all leather apartment - I don't
            know if he has one, that's why it's a
            dream - and suddenly we're buck-naked
            and all oiled up.  I don't know where
            the oil comes from - again, that's why
            it's a dream.





  Next STALL DOOR SHAKES, but DOESN'T OPEN.


            Cleo's weird, but Kansas Hill - that
            girl's crazy.

  HANDS APPEAR on top of the stall door - and KANSAS HILL,
  petite, cute in a trashy, monster-truck-pull, kinda way -



            Son-of-a-blue-balled-bitch!  I always
            get this one.


            Mouth on her that could stop a bull in
            heat.  Gets her nut-brain from her mom. 
            See, Mrs. Hill's been in prison since
            the day Kansas was born...





  MRS. HILL'S blurry POV - from her hospital bed.


            She was lying there, in labor with
            Kansas, when she sees something going on
            in the next bed.

  Mrs. Hill's POV PANS LEFT - NEXT BED comes into focus.


            Turns out it's Kansas' dad, uh, taking a
            nurse's temp.  Stay with me, I'm trying
            to be delicate.



  In silhouette, a MAN is FUCKING a NURSE.


            So, Mrs. Hill whips out a shotgun and
            blows his ass to kingdom come.

  We see this - still in MRS. HILL'S POV.


            Jury said, because the majority of women
            in Lincoln County having babies don't
            bring a shotgun, it counted as
            premeditation.




            She got life without parole, so Kansas
            lives with her grandparents.

  The next stall door opens and LUCY - cute, smart, very tidy -
  EXITS, suddenly stopping to look down.


            Then there's Lucy...

  She takes out a WHITE-OUT BOTTLE and touches a spot on her
  already white Keds... stands... looks... then touches a spot
  on the other shoe...


            Geek extraordinaire - a walking left
            brain.  She's supposed to have this
            genius I.Q.?

  She then starts an obsessional frenzy of "whiting out" spots
  all over her Keds.  DIANE exits the final stall and takes
  away Lucy's white-out.


            Truth is, she's an obsessive-compulsive
            little freak.


            Hands in, ladies.

  Squad joins Diane in a circle, putting their hands over her
  hand - a la Madonna, backstage.


            Today, we're going to cheer loud, jump
            high, and look pretty because --




  IN ONE BEAT, ALL SWING RIGHT ARMS OVER HEAD, landing with a
  SMACK on the "ASS" of the girl to their right.


            Now let's get going - because nobody
            ever got ahead by sitting on their
            behind!

  As all run out, we:



  PRINCIPAL SMITH, a man who burned out long ago, stands behind
  a microphone on a small stage as he's done for 45 years. 
  The LINCOLN HIGH "FIGHTIN' LOG" MASCOT (looks like an angry
  Tootsie Roll with legs and overly muscular arms) stands
  beside him, pantomiming everything he says.  STUDENTS fill
  bleachers on either side.


            The school year started off like normal. 
            Principal Smith gave his pep talk --


                
            ... and if you are approached to buy
            drugs, let someone you trust know.  If
            you are thinking of harming yourself or
            others, let someone know.  If it burns
            when you urinate, have milky seepage or
            are being touched by an uncle - let
            someone know...

  Mascot looks at him, tries to pantomime.


            The A-squad performed...

  GYM LIGHTS GO DARK.  STUDENTS SCREAM.  DRUM CORP. and BRASS
  BAND start "ROCK &amp; ROLL PART II" by Gary Glitter.

  The SPOTLIGHT RACES around the gym before it hits center
  court.  The A-squad springs to their feet for an amazing
  cheer/dance - strong, sexy, acrobatic, non-traditional.


            Now, I know it's my duty to give you all
            the facts, so I have to say that their
            cheer blew like a bulimic after
            Christmas dinner.  Their blatant
            disregard for National High School
            Cheerleading Association rules made me
            sick.  "Basket toss flips and wolf wall
            pyramids over two people high are
            strictly prohibited."  I made a complete
            report and sent it in.



  Outside the gym doors.


            And finally, the football team was
            introduced.


            Transferring from Truman High, the new
            star quarter back of our mighty Fightin'
            Logs!




            That's when Jack and Diane met.  Nobody
            saw it coming...

  CAMERA TURNS, PLAYERS head-butt and high-five CAMERA/Jack as
  he starts through the door - looking around gym.  SLOW MOTION
  FREEZE-FRAME as the SPOTLIGHT HITS CAMERA/Jack.


            Especially not Jack...

  SOUND DISTORTS.  It's LOUD and CONFUSING.  THROUGH IT, we see
  the A-squad running and doing back flips toward CAMERA/Jack.

  As the squad nears CAMERA/Jack, SUDDENLY Diane's Ked-clad
  foot comes INTO FRAME and SMASHES INTO CAMERA/Jack.




            He fell for her hard.

  IRIS OPEN.  DIANE hovers over CAMERA/Jack, apologizing,
  looking angelic.  A-squad surrounds her.  Suddenly a frantic
  mascot breaks through, tips his log head back - IT'S BRUCE
   - mouthing "NOOOOOO!"  He pulls CAMERA/Jack




  Mascot/Bruce as he drags his prize quarterback out of the
  gym.  Jack and Diane's eyes never separate.


            Jack was fine - oh man, was he fine.  It
            was like he was a bar of chocolate and
            the whole school was on the rag -
            everyone wanted a piece of him...



  Diane's mouth.


            Jack Bartlett... Jack Bart-lett... Jack
            Bar-t-lett.

  She continues as we PULL BACK to REVEAL we're:



  It's an early 80's dream.  The squad sits on their sleeping
  bags, in a circle, on the floor.  They're painting nails,
  giving henna tattoos, streaking hair, etc.  Hannah has a
  OUIJA BOARD in front of her, hands resting on the "MESSAGE
  INDICATOR."  Diane has her eyes closed.


            ... Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt... Is Jack
            Bartlett interested in me?


                
            I-I'm sorry - can someone else please
            run the Ouija board?  It's creepy, it's
            wrong and it goes against the teachings
            of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.


            Hannah, in order to get real answers
            from the netherworld, you've gotta have
            a Christian virgin run the board.  Your
            kind is pure of heart - the devil won't
            dick with you.


                
            Well technically, I don't think I'm a
            virgin anymore.

  Squad REACTS!


            Yeah.  This summer at church camp?  I'm
            pretty sure I had, y'know, an orgasm.


            Hold up, hold up.  Any sentence that
            starts with "at church camp" ain't
            leading to the big "O."


            That's not true.  Those pictures of
            Christ - all sweaty and bare-chested on
            the cross - always kinda made me hot.

  Squad just stares at her.


            Anyway, last time I checked, you still
            had to have sex to have an orgasm.  And
            I know she ain't seen the lord on all
            fours - so I'm just saying.


            Well, I want to know what happened --


            Okay, one night, around sunset, I went
            horseback riding with the nuns.  They
            went every night.  And, well, we're
            trotting pretty hard, y'know?  The hard
            leather saddle, pounding between my
            legs...


            I just got a little squishy...


            All of a sudden, I feel... I feel... I
            feel just super alive...
                
            "down there."  I swear I thought it was
            the second coming.


            Nope.  Sounds more like the first.


                
            I'll just ask the question myself... "Is
            Jack Bartlett interested in me?"

  As the hand-piece starts to move on the board, we:



  Jack  stands with THREE
  FOOTBALL PLAYERS looking under the hood of his '75 GTO. 
  They've all got one hand in back pocket, the other wrapped
  around a beer.


            You do the bondo yourself?


            Yeah.


            Sure-is-sweet.


            What'll she do?


            Never opened her up.


            S-weet.


            Who was the girl who kicked me in the
            head yesterday?


            Diane Weston.


            Now she sure is sweet.





  SIGN hangs above the stage.  "HOMECOMING KING AND QUEEN
  CANDIDATES."  A row of STUDENT CANDIDATES, including Jack,
  Diane and Lisa, sit behind a BUTCH GIRL at the podium.


            Look, I'll be honest with you.  Most of
            us realized we didn't have a whore's
            chance in heaven with Jack the day of
            candidate speeches.

  As the Butch Girl concludes her speech, she holds a sign over
  her head which reads, "4-H - A WAY OF LIFE!"



  A GEEKY GUY stands at the podium.


            As the A.V. Club candidate, I think, for
            the first time in fifty years, we should
            say --
                
            NO to a football player as king!

  Two HIGH-PITCHED MALE VOICES cheer O.S.


            Vote brains over braun!

  A FOOTBALL flies INTO FRAME, hitting Geeky Guy on the




  Jack stands at the podium, unable to speak because the CROWD
  IS CHEERING!  He's handsome as hell, sweet and genuine.  You
  can't help but love him and you really want to fuck him.


            It was the first time most of us even
            heard Jack speak.


            Whoa...Thanks, uh - WOW.  Uh, hey,
            alright...okay, uh --


            We weren't disappointed.


            Guys!  Hey, guys!  Shut up a minute.

  The crowd QUIETS down.


            Well, uh, I think it just really rocks
            that the football team picked me as
            their, y'know, uh, candidate.

  FOOTBALL PLAYERS AD-LIB "Yeah!  Whoa  Kick ass!"


            We love you, Jack!


            Hey, well, I love you lunch ladies!

  Audience LAUGHS.


            I just want to say that there are only
            three things I want in life - to someday
            become a senator of this great state...

  Audience CHEERS.


            I want to lead the Lincoln High Fightin'
            Logs to victory at the homecoming game --

  Audience CHEERS!


            Okay, okay... Uh, and I... I want to go
            to the homecoming dance with Diane
            Weston.

  STUNNED SILENCE.  Diane stares at him.  Lisa looks pissed. 
  The school SUDDENLY ERUPTS with CHEERS!  Jack turns to Diane.
  She runs up to the podium.  They hug and kiss.


            Ucht!  They were like friggin' Barbie
            and Ken, but without the pink, remote
            control Corvette.  Overnight people were
            going, like --





  Average GIRL faces CAMERA - MOUTHING:


            "Oh, they're the perfect couple!"





  ANOTHER average GIRL faces CAMERA - MOUTHING:


            "They're so cuuuuuuuuute!"



  Geeky Guy sits alone, typing frantically at his computer,
  stopping occasionally to push up his glasses.


            I'm sure it gave the internet whacks
            something to talk about besides Agent
            Scully and their most recent wet dream.





  Jack and Diane are still in a love-lock.


            Now, I'm not one to gossip, but I think
            Jack and Diane got so close so fast
            because they discovered how much they
            both loved...









  Janitorial Closet Door.  An excited Diane and Jack meet in
  front of it, kiss and roll into the closet.



  A CLIMBING ROPE hangs in the middle of the shot.  Suddenly a
  disheveled Jack slides down.  A beat later, Diane follows. 
  They kiss and part ways - dropping hands at the last minute.





  Door.  Red-faced Jack and Diane peek out, look to see they're
  alone, kiss good-bye, then head off in opposite directions. 
  DOOR CLOSES to reveal a sign "Principal Smith."



  It's COLD and LOUD.  Starting on his own 10 YARD LINE, Jack
  takes the hike, looks left, right - pumps once - twice -
  NOTHING.  He bursts through the line, dodging - weaving -
  leaping over his opponents.



  15 seconds...



  holding their breath, pompons at the ready.  Mascot runs past
  them, pantomiming "nervous" to the crowd by biting his nails
  and knocking his knees.



  as he reaches the line of scrimmage.  There's ONE DEFENDER
  LEFT.  Jack fakes left, right - takes the tackle - but
  manages to roll out of it!  HE-COULD-GO-ALL-THE...



  They're going wild!



  running along the sideline - Diane leading the way!



  he looks right - sees Diane and mouths "I love you!"



  Diane mouths "I love you!"



  Jack makes the touchdown, spikes the ball, and starts a slow
  run toward us - arms outstretched.  WE run toward him in SLOW
  MOTION.  SUDDENLY a WALL OF PLAYERS enter frame and tackles
  him in celebration.




            Now, right about here's where the real
            shit started to hit the fan... Don't
            worry - I'll clean this up a bit if I
            have to appear in court -- especially if
            we're on "Court TV."





  DENNIS WESTON  opens the door while DEEDEE
   FLASHES a PHOTO of a surprised Jack and his
  parents.


            Well, there's a Christmas card.


            Come in, come in...

  All enter the FOYER.  Jack looks gorgeous in his tux.  His
  parents are just like Diane's - mid-40's housewife and middle
  management drone.  Their children are their lives.


            Say Jack, why don't you go light a fire
            under Diane.


            I'm on it, Mr. Weston.

  Jack smiles and bounds up the stairs - two at a time.


            Oh - say, where're my manners.  I'm
            DeeDee - you can remember me because of
            my double "D's."

  She LAUGHS with Dennis as if it's the first time she's said
  it.  We see where Diane gets her perk - and her body.


            And I'm Diane's Dad, Dennis.  Do not try
            that after one of my Screwdrivers!

  Dennis and DeeDee LAUGH again.


                
            Whoooo - now who wants some pigs-in-a
            blanket?





  Vanity mirror.  Diane is putting on lip gloss - she looks
  beautiful in her gown.  We see JACK ENTER in the b.g.  She
  turns.  He reacts to her beauty.


            Hi, Jack.


            Excuse me, Vendela, have you seen Diane? 
            We're supposed to go to the homecoming
            dance tonight.

  Diane LAUGHS.  They move in for a hormonally driven kiss.



  All are seated.  The women are enjoying pigs-in-a-blanket
  while the men suck back screwdrivers.


            I obviously wasn't there the night they
            all met, but it was probably a super
            goober fest.

  DeeDee enthusiastically MOUTHS the following:


                
            "Your Jack's one heck of a good football
            player."

  Jack's Dad MOUTHS the following:


                
            "I don't know how he can concentrate
            with your lovely Diane cheering on the
            sidelines?!"

  They all LAUGH.


            "Ha, ha, ha, ha..." Ucht!

  Jack and Diane enter the holding hands.  DeeDee goes crazy
  FLASHING PHOTOS.  All AD-LIB adoration.


            Hold on a minute.  Hold on.  I have an
            announcement.

  Jack puts his arm around Diane - they're beaming.


            Me and Diane, uh... we decided we're
            going to get married.

  The parents react with shock, then absolute joy!  DeeDee
  starts to cry - turning the CAMERA on HERSELF.


            Oh, oh, mother of the bride - I'm
            allowed!


            But not before... I have our baby.

  All FREEZE - the calm before the shit storm.  Suddenly,
  Jack's Mom throws her head back and lets out a BLOOD CURDLING 






  PULL BACK to REVEAL we're:




            ... so when your dad said, "I never want
            to see your "f-'in' faces again!" do you
            think he meant forever or just until
            your mom wakes up?


            I don't know... And what the hell was
            that sound she made right before she hit
            the coffee table.


            Well, if I had to guess...
                
            I'd say that was the sound of a mother
            saying good-bye to her little boy and
            hello to a young man who's going to be a
            daddy of his own...
                (getting an idea, cradling his
                 face)
            Jack, do you know what I see here?


            Spit from your dad?


                
            I see a flower.  And y'know, even the
            most beautiful flowers still grow from
            dirt.


            Yeah.


            So, while we're knee deep in right now -
            and things seem pretty "stinky" - in the
            long run, we're going to grow strong
            from this.


            Y'think?


            I sure do.




                
            Diane, I've loved you ever since I first
            saw you -- right before you kicked me in
            the head.


                
            Oh, Jack...

  As they move in for a kiss, we:







  Jack and Diane are on stage, wearing crowns and large velvet
  robes - they turn and wave!  They won!  They appear to be
  floating on a sea of balloons.







  FIVE PAIR of LEGS with HIGH HEELS dangle from the STALLS. 
    MUSIC from the dance presses
  through the walls.  A HAND REACHES UNDER the first stall,
  PASSING A BOX OF TAMPONS to the next stall.


            Diane must've told her squad that night.

  BOX OF TAMPONS CONTINUES down the line - UNTIL THE LAST
  STALL.  Diane's hand comes down and pushes the TAMPONS BACK.


                
            No thanks - don't need one.

  FIRST STALL DOOR FILES OPEN, followed by the SECOND, THIRD -
  it sticks, Kansas climbs over - and FOURTH!  (Cleo exits
  fixing her gel breast.)  The squad surrounds Diane's stall
  door.  She finally exits.


                
            So...

  Stunned silence.


            I'm sure they were thrilled.  I mean, if
            Diane said jump, they'd say "Double
            Dutch," "Shoot the Moon," or "Split
            Russian?"

  Suddenly, everyone starts talking at once.


            Holy shit.


            You just became a statistic!


                
            Oh my G-d!  I'm not first!


            But you're not married.


            Wait!  Did you say you are pregnant or
            you were pregnant... You had it, threw
            it out and you're gonna go back and
            dance all night!


            Shut up, Cleo.  Di, how much do you need
            for an abortion?


                
            What?!  No!  Not an abortion!  My church
            can arrange for you to go to Oregon and
            take care of a "sick aunt" for nine
            months.  Then they put your baby good
            home and you come back - a little dazed
            and puffy - but everything's fine!  Oh
            please, Di, don't be a whore and a
            murderer!

  All FREEZE - no one can believe she just said that.


            Jack told the team that night, too.





  Jack and a bunch of FOOTBALL PLAYERS in tuxes stand at the
  urinals, BACKS TO CAMERA.


            Hey, guys?  Uh, I got Diane pregnant.


            What?!  Well - all right!

  He HIGH-FIVES Jack with his free hand.


            You nailed Diane Weston?  I'd never wash
            my Johnson again!

  He HIGH-FIVES Jack on the other side with his free hand as
  the OTHER FOOTBALL PLAYERS also HIGH-FIVE each other.  They
  all freak out when they realize they are touching each other
  while PEEING.



  All still stare at Hannah


            I-I didn't mean to say "whore," Diane. 
            I just hear it so much at church - it
            kinda came flying out of my head.


            I know, Hannah.  Look, I'm not going to
            get an abortion.  I mean, I always
            planned to get married and have kids -
            I'm just going a little out of order. 
            Kinda reminds me of another young lady
            who found herself "with child,"
            unmarried, on a long road, with no place
            to sleep.  'Course, that was a long-long
            time ago.  But no matter what, she held
            her head high and said... "Pappa don't
            preach, I'm in trouble deep.  Pappa
            don't preach, 'cause I'm keepin' my
            baby.  Hey.  I'm gonna keep my baby." 
            The great one...

  All take hands and lower their heads.


                
            Madonna.


            We're here for you, Diane.

  All move in to hug her.


            I guess their little fairy tale could've
            ended there, "And they lived happily
            ever after."  Only problem was...
                
            they didn't have a place to live!







  Jack and Diane sit in front of an older LOAN OFFICER'S desk. 
  SIGN READS: "Your home for home loans."  Loan officer looks
  over papers as Jack and Diane look excitedly at one another. 
  Diane takes Jack's hand.


            I'm sorry.


            What?!  But all our paperwork's there. 
            My school records, Jack's football
            records...


            Let me explain something...


            No.  Wait!  Did I say Promise!  Cross-my
            heart and hope-to-die, stick-a-needle-in
            my-eye we'll never miss a payment?!


            Uh, yes.  Yes you did.


            Diane.  Hold on a minute.  I think I
            know where this is going.
                
            I'm willing to put up the papers for my
            Mustang - she's got a few miles on her,
            but she looks great.


            I'm sure, son, but --


            Okay!  Stop twisting my arm!  I'll throw
            in the speakers.


            Look, kids, why don't you just have your
            parents come i n and get a loan?  Then
            they could give you the money.


                
            With all due respect, Jack and Diane
            Bartlett...

  They exchange a smile, first time saying this.


            ...do not accept charity.  We are two
            young, able-bodied Americans.  We do not
            want a handout.  We want a hand-up. 
            Give us food and we will be hungry
            tomorrow.  Give us corn - the kind you
            plant, not eat - and we'll grow our own
            food and... and, uh, then cut it, and -
            uh, y'know eat it!  Now, if you're
            interested in giving us a home loan, I
            will sit back down.  If not, have a nice
            day, Ma'am.


            Sorry.  My hands are tied.

  Diane makes a dramatic exit, taking a handful of M&amp;M's from
  her desk.  The squad,  lounging in
  the central bank of couches, follows her.


                







  A smiling Jack and Diane as they look lovingly into each
  other's eyes.


            Well... it's a little more than we
            wanted to spend, but we'll take it!

  They kiss.  PULL BACK to REVEAL we're:



  It's a semi-furnished shit-hole.  The ONLY WINDOW looks out
  on a BRICK WALL.  The APARTMENT MANAGER, a grungy, Tommy Lee
  type, paces.


            Fine.  Just remember, I manage the
            building.  I don't, like, own it or fix
            it.  So, like, I don't care if shit
            breaks.  All I care is that the rent is
            shoved under my door on the first.  Oh,
            and if there's, like, packages outside
            my door?  Leave 'em the hell alone.

  He exits.  Jack and Diane are not listening - lost in each
  others' eyes.







  Jack, in uniform, stands behind the counter.


                
            Welcome to Burger Bin.
                
            Don't get the Filet-O-Fish - the fry
            cook picks his ass.



  An ANGRY COOK standing behind Jack.







  Jack, in uniform, behind the counter.  He looks confused as
  he presses buttons on his high-tech register.


                
            Two Taco Grannnndes, one burrrrrrito,
            large ta-co chips and guacamooooooole...







  Jack stands at the counter - in uniform.


                
            We don't really have fried rats in the
            buckets - I know, I checked.







  PULL BACK to reveal a long line waiting.


                
            That'll be...uh, thirty five cents,
            please.







  Jack stands at the counter, in sailor uniform.  An OLD NAVY
  MAN, all in white, stands in the B.G. cleaning his nails with
  a knife.


                
            Welcome to Dinkie's Donuts.





  A hurt and angry Jack walks in, still in sailor uniform. 
  Diane's in bed eating and doing homework.


            Dinkie is a bad, bad man...



  Jack stands in front of the counter, THREE SOCIAL RETARDS
   behind it.  Jack hands them his application.


                
            Y'know what?  I'll save you the time. 
            I'm not going to lie.  I don't believe
            in it.  If you pick your ass - I'm going
            to tell people.  I have no idea how to
            run your registers.  And, if any of you
            are hard core drinkers and like to throw
            knives, well, I'm outta here right now.


            Uh, are, uh, you-you're Jack Bartlett,
            right?


            Yeah.


            You'd be, like, hangin' out with us
            every night after school, right?


            Yeah - well, after football practice.


                
            Football practice - fantasmic.

  The social retards look at each other, excited.


            You're hired!





  MUZAK UP.  A worried Diane, now showing slightly under all
  black warm-ups, is writing on her notepad as she walks down
  an aisle.  Suddenly, in the B.G. CROSS AISLE, an ecstatic
  Jack, in "Video Barn" uniform, WHIZZES PAST, riding his cart. 
  Arms out at his sides.


            I'm on top of the world!

  Seeing Diane, he tries to stop, but can't and continues past. 
  A SECOND LATER, he scrambles back and rides up to her -
  tossing more boxes into the already FULL CART.


                
            Hey, Di, if we have a girl, we should
            dress her like Little Debbie!

  Jack pulls alongside Diane and kisses her.  She notices the
  full cart.  It'll cost a fortune.


            Jack, sweetie, I'm only eating for two.


                
            But Di, all this food reminds me of how
            much I want to teach our baby.

  He tosses more cereal in the cart.  Diane looks at her
  notepad, then starts to return items to the shelves WITHOUT



            Like Cocoa Puffs.  Good.  Captain
            Crunch.  Bad.  Shreds the roof of your
            mouth.  I mean you hear, "Tricks are for
            kids!"  And you think, "I'm a kid, I
            guess they're for me."  But your baby
            brain's got no idea that Fruit Loops
            are, like, a million times better.  I'm
            going to save our kid all that pain.


            Jack...


                
            If you could be Count Chocula,
            Frankenberry or Trix the Rabbit, who'd
            you be?


                
            Trix...


            Me too!  Will it ever end?!
                
            I love this lady!

  He kisses her as SHE SLIPS ANOTHER BOX on the shelf.


            Jack, I think I should get a job.


                
            But we agreed your job is running the
            baby machine...


            I know, but that was before.


            Ah!  I almost forgot gas for the baby
            machine.  I'll grab your Snickers and
            get a place in line.

  He kisses her again and runs off.  Diane watches him - the
  love in her eyes quickly turns back to worry and she starts
  to put everything back on the shelves: cookies, cereal,
  chips, ice cream - oh, that struggle, but it goes...





  Diane emerges with an almost empty cart.  Just milk, peanut
  butter, bread and a large roast are all that remain.


            Hey, Di!

  Diane turns to see Jack, a couple aisles over, holding out a



                
            Hello, I'm the little professor. 
            Wouldn't it be cute if ours looked like
            this?!

  A WOMAN RUSHES over and ANGRILY grabs her kid back from Jack,
  punches him and storms off.  Diane rushes in line, ditching
  the roast in a gum rack beside the check-out.

  As she struggles with it, she notices a WOMAN at the LINCOLN
  SAVINGS AND LOANS BRANCH (inside the Safeway at the end of
  the check-out aisles) putting out a HELP WANTED sign.



  Jack drives as Diane devours a king size Snickers bar.


            I never knew you dreamed of working in a
            grocery store bank branch.  Baby, we are
            living the great American Dream!


                
            Mmm-hmmm...

  Unseen by Jack, Diane slips her hand out the partially open
  window, releasing a PAGE from her NOTEPAD.

  On the BLOWING LIST as the Mustang drives on:


                
            If you reach for the stars, you're bound
            to get -- mm-Jack, pull over.


            Huh?  Oh Jesus...



  He pulls over.


            Why do they call it morning sickness?

  In the UNFOCUSED B.G., Diane opens her door and crawls out,
  about to toss her cookies.  In the F.G., the LIST settles on
  the road: FROM THE BEAUTIFUL MIND OF DIANE is a pre-printed
  on the top.  Diane wrote "Monthly Income" column which totals
  "$525."  Her "Monthly Bills" column totals "$845."  "ONE
  MONTH LEFT" is scribbled at the bottom.










  In the seafood case.  The BUTCHER's hand comes in, takes it
  out, and flops it on the scale.



  Oscillating fan behind him.  Follow the smell as it drifts
  from the counter over to Diane, working in the Bank Branch. 
  She sniffs, sniffs again, then suddenly gags and goes down
  behind the counter.





  Diane's belly.  Jack's HAND comes into frame, tracing it
  against the wall.  PULL BACK as DIANE steps away.  We SEE TWO
  LINES labelled, "AUGUST" and "SEPTEMBER" on the wall.  They
  smile and kiss.





  The squad, in uniform, walks toward camera in a line across
  the hall - looking cool as hell.  



  Squad walks away.  An ADDITIONAL PIECE OF FABRIC has been
  added to the back of Diane's skirt.



  Jack and Diane open the front door.  The BUILDING MANAGER
  pushes in a big screen TV.  MUSIC UNDER.


            I need a place to keep this.  Anyone
            asks, what d'ya know?  You don't know
            shit.

  SCHOOL BAND MUSIC UP.  Jack and Diane hug each other, they
  have a TV!



  Jack hikes the ball, steps back to throw, but trips on his
  shoe laces.



  All are silent.  A HECKLER STANDS.


            Hey, Bartlett, pick up your skirt when
            you run!



  Watching from the field.  Diane turns to the crowd.  Jack's
  heckler must die!


                
            Run, you bastard, run!  She's hormonal!!

  Diane's off, SCALING THE BLEACHERS.



  FANS ARE GONE.  A beat-up Jack, helmet under arm, walks with
  his arms around Diane, who's icing her fist.  He smiles and
  kisses her hand.





  Diane's belly.  Jack's hand comes into frame, tracing it.



  as Diane steps away.  We see THREE LINES: "August",
  "September" and "October" already written on the wall.  They
  smile and kiss.





  Jack and the social retards.


            ...she's in my hands, right?  Moist to
            the touch.  It's at that moment I think
            I control her - she's mine.  But it's a
            false illusion, like in "Backdraft."  No
            man controls fire!  She's ready, I'm
            ready, she's ready, I yell, "One-fifty
            four, forty eight."



  to reveal he's holding a football.


            Hike!

  The social retards are orgasmic over his story.



  MUZAK UP.  Diane, at the service window, smiles as she helps
  a CUSTOMER, then drops her pen behind the counter, mouthing
  "Ooops, one moment."  She bends down.



  Diane voraciously rips the top off a SNICKERS and shoves it
  into a jar of HAAGENDAAZ.  She takes a huge bite, then pops
  up, SMILING - MOUTH FULL.



  Squad is looking over different pregnancy books.  Cleo reads
  from a TEEN LOOKING MAGAZINE.


            I can't believe they have the "Top Ten
            Alternatives to Sex for You and Your
            Boyfriend" and "watching each other
            masturbate" isn't even listed!

  All stare at her a beat.


                
            Diane, it says here you're going to have
            mood swings, uncontrollable gas.


            More proof God's a guy...


            ...and sex dreams where you actually
            have an orgasm!


            Virgin Mary musta snuck that one in.

  Hannah hits Kansas.  MUSIC TURNS TO SLOWER MINOR CHORDS.



  Same SLOW MOTION scene.  Squad walks TOWARD CAMERA in line
  across the hall - again looking cool as hell.  



  A larger piece of fabric has been added to the back of
  Diane's skirt.



  Diane  sits in the bean-bag chair in front
  of the BIG SCREEN TV.  Jack stands beside it, holding a
  video, "ANIMAL BIRTHS."  He smiles and puts it in the VCR. 
  Under OPENING CREDITS a KITTEN IS BEING BORN.  Jack is
  horrified by it.



  Jack, LOOKING TIRED, is doing homework at the counter with
  the social retards.  


            Jack, c'mon, you promised.


                
            Okay, one question.


                
            Oh, me-me-me, mine's great.


            Proceed, Dungeon Master Quan.

  Lisa approaches the counter, VIDEO TAPES in hand.


            Okay.  Jack, y'know how you and Diane...
            slept together?
                (looking to tards, pleased with
                 himself)
            Well now that you can't, y'know, 
            "sleep together," but you still sleep
            together, don't you ever get, like,
            just, super horny?  If so, how horny? 
            I'll be quiet now so I can listen to
            your answer.


                
            Yeah, Jack - I'd love to hear your
            answer.

  She sets her videos on the counter, smiling seductively. 
  Jack starts to run them under the scanner.


            The answer's easy...
                
            Oh, "Lolita" is due tomorrow - Same for
            "9 1/2 Weeks."  Ditto on "Wild Things."  
                
            I'm gonna be a dad!  Dads don't get
            horny.

  Lisa grabs her tapes and exits.





  Diane's belly.  Jack's HAND comes into frame, tracing it. 
  ICE CREAM drips on it. 
  Jack licks it off as we PULL BACK to see a VERY TIRED Diane
  holding a pint of ice cream, using a SNICKERS as a spoon. 
  FOUR lines labelled "August," "September," "October" and
  "November" on the wall.  Jack gives Diane a tired peck on the
  cheek as she continues to eat.





  As they TURN FLASH CARDS IN UNISON to read: "2-4-6-8 LOGS ARE




  going nuts!  They notice Diane isn't there.  She's eating a
  vendor's box.  They run over to her.



  running for a touchdown - a la his homecoming run.  This time
  he's exhausted and the competition is gaining.

  Everything grinds to a SLO-MO CRAWL as Jack makes a heroic
  leap for the touchdown.  With his spare hand, he attempts to
  smother a huge yawn, as opposing players come flying at him
  from both sides.







  Continuation of pervious shot as Jack lands on the bed
  completing the touchdown.  Diane falls across the frame from
  the opposite side.  They're asleep by the time they hit the
  bed - still in cheerleading and football uniforms.  Jack
  holds a large STATE TROPHY - Diane holds a half-eaten
  Snickers.






            Okay, so they won state - b.f.d.  The
            best part was Diane was really starting
            to look like shit.








  Diane's face - smashed against A SIDE GLASS PANEL as she
  SLEEPS.  She really does look like shit - puffy eyes, no make
  up, dark circles, bad hair and drool coming from her mouth.


            Diane?  Diane!


                
            Huh-ha-wha?
                
            Ahh!  I'm under the ice!  I'm uh --
            oh...man...
                
            That was a weird one.



  To REVEAL the squad stands in front of Diane.


            Another sex dream?


            Wayne Gretzky.


            Hat-trick?


                
            He is the Great One...



  Jack is asleep on his books at the small children's
  furniture, set up beside the children's voices.  Lisa
  approaches.


                
            Jack?  Oh Jack...

  Ted approaches.


            Can I help you?


                
            Get your loser ass away from me!

  Ted exits.  Lisa looks around, then walks over and kicks the
  chair out from under Jack's head, sending him crashing to the
  floor.


            Oh my G-d - are you okay?

  She immediately kneels beside him, placing his aching head in
  her lap - smothering him in her breasts.


                
            Diane?

  Lisa stands, dropping him from her lap.





  It's pitch black.  We hear a KEY IN THE DOOR.  It opens, an
  arm comes in and the LIGHT GOES ON.  An exhausted Diane and
  the squad, carrying things for the sleep-over, enter.  LUCY
  carries a pizza box.  THE PLACE IS A PIT.  All but Diane



            Oh my G-d, you've been robbed!


                
            No...I've been pregnant.


            Di, are you okay?  We can skip the girl
            party this week.


                
            Everything's fine.  I'm just having a
            little trouble keeping my frown upside
            down.

  Diane forces a smile.


            You want us to help you pick up?


                
            Don't Martha-fucking-Stewart me!  If you
            don't like it - you try being a pregnant
            teen!

  Diane YANKS the Safeway bag from Hannah and storms O.S.


            And we have our first pregnancy mood
            swing.  All that's left is --

  Diane FARTS O.C.


            Bingo.







  Squad sits in a cleared space in front of the BIG TV,
  painting nails, reading magazines, etc.  Diane eats.


            Did you guys hear that in China - or one
            a those places that makes the really
            cheap silk shoes and kids are super
            smart - that as a reward for good
            grades, mothers get their kids hookers
            to blow 'em?

  All stop and look at her.


            No.


            Huh.  Musta been a dream.


            I'm sorry to keep asking this, but are
            you guys sure I'm not fat?

  Squad looks to each other, nervous, then AD-LIBS "No!"


            "No" you're not sure or "No" I'm not
            fat?


            Uh, "no"... You're not fat.


            You sure I'm not fat?


                
            Look, you're fat, Diane.  You're fat,
            fat, fat!  Because you eat, eat, eat!
                
            What?!  She keeps asking because she
            wants some honesty.


                
            No I don't... I keep asking because I
            feel fat.


            Oh G-d, I'm sorry... You're not really
            fat!  I was just saying that because,
            uh, I thought that's what you wanted me
            to say.


            You sure?


            Positive.


            "Positive" you're sure I'm not fat or
            "positive" I'm...





  Squad is watching "POINT BREAK" on TV: Bank Robbery about to
  start.  Diane eats Snickers.


            Oh my G-d, I read about this!  It's
            called a "pregnancy insanity."  Quick,
            she needs a sitz bath --


                
            Look, I might be moody.  I might be
            gassy.  But I am perfectly sane.  Think
            about it.  In school, they tell us,
            "Dreams can come true."  Right?

  Squad AD-LIBS agreement - not knowing where this is going.


            But they don't tell us how!  Well,
            thanks to Keanu, I figured it out! 
            Money makes your dreams come true.

  Squad AD-LIBS their concern for her mental health.


                
            Listen, Kansas, I know you dream of
            springing your mom some day...


            Stop, you're gonna make me cry.


            And if the O.J. trial taught us
            anything, it taught us that in America,
            you can cut off someone's head and still
            be found innocent if you have enough
            money.  Your mom only shot a guy...

  Kansas smiles at the thought.


            Now Cleo, I know you dream of an all
            leather apartment with Conan - I heard
            the school shrink telling a lunch lady.

  Cleo blushes and smiles guiltily at the thought.


            And Hannah, you could give your share to
            your church - or maybe buy one of those
            hungry little kids Sally Struthers
            advertises.


            Or, I could get my own horse...


            Or that!  Look, you guys, I just want to
            provide a future for my baby.  I know my
            bank branch like the back of my puffy
            little hand.  I could open that safe in
            my sleep!


            I'm in.

  Squad reacts with SHOCK - did she just say that?


            I mean it.  I'm in.  This is the closest
            thing to a goddamn family that I've ever
            had.  If one of us needs something, we
            all do.


            Stop it!  This is crazy!


            I'm in, too.


            Cleo!


            Kansas is right.  We're like sisters --
            we're closer than sisters.  And you
            don't turn your back on family.


            C'mon, Luce, people do it in the movies
            all the time.


            And they get caught!


            That's right.  So all we have to do is
            watch a bunch of movies and learn from
            their mistakes.


            And you know real cops aren't half as
            smart as Keanu.


            Forget it.  I've got a scholarship to
            Harvard hanging over my head.  I won't
            risk it.


                
            Conan went to Harvard.


                
            Shut up.


            Lucy, do you know for sure you're going
            to get that scholarship?


            No.


            If you don't - can you still afford to
            go to Harvard?


            ... I don't know.  Probably not.


            So then this isn't crazy.  It's a sure
            bet.


            Well...

  Squad AD-LIBS their encouragement.


            I guess we're in this together.

  They jump around, thrilled.


            But, we have to make a smart plan!


            Of course - of course!  Hands in...

  Squad puts their hands in.


            We all have to cross-our-hearts-hope-to
            die-stick-a-dirty-needle-in-my-eye that
            we'll never tell Jack.  We all know he
            can't lie - that's why he's going to be
            such a great senator.



  as the squad goes through their "Cheerleaders Kick Ass!"
  routine.





  It looks just like Diane's basement.  Cleo sits on the couch,
  eating from a bag of microwave popcorn.  The VIDEO BOX for
  "Reservoir Dogs" plays in the tiny picture-in-picture.





  The room is neatly ordered.  Lucy sits at her computer - DVD
  case of "Heat" sits beside her monitor.  She's taking copious
  notes.  Her mom enters with milk and cookies.  Lucy stands,
  concealing her monitor.  Her mom sets down the cookies and
  kisses Lucy's good-night before she exits.  Relieved, Lucy
  sits at her computer again.





  It's a sparse room, filled with religious icons.  Hannah
  nervously places a video into the VCR above the TV, then sits
  on the couch.  She smiles about to push PLAY on the remote
  when her stern, UBER-CHRISTIAN PARENTS ENTER and take a seat
  on either side of her.  Her look turns to fear as her father
  takes the remote and hits PLAY.









  CAMERA TRACKS down the hallway, passing groups of kids as
  they talk beside their lockers.  We pass the GEEKY GUY (from
  "Candidate Speeches") and his two friends.


            ... I feel utterly abandoned in a place
            that values physical prowess over mental
            acuity.  I can't wait for all this to
            change once we get in the real world...

  CONTINUE TRACKING PAST LISA and the B-squad.


            ... I do!  I totally marry Prince
            William even if he was gay.  I mean, in
            England all guys are kinda gay anyway. 
            Even cigarettes are fags over there...

  B-squad AD-LIBS AGREEMENT as we CONTINUE to the A-squad
  around Diane's locker.


            ...He slices off the guy's ear, and I
            mean you see everything - the bloody
            pink hole where the --


            Cleo, I've already thrown up twice today
            - could you please get to any relevant
            part of the movie?


                
            Well...uh...they, y'know, uh... They had
            nicknames.





  Squad sits at their lunch table in this large, open room. 
  Only Diane eats - from all the trays.  Lucy walks around the
  table, handing out stapled packets.


            ...Page one is a plot summary of "Heat." 
            Two has my character summaries.  Three
            is my overall critique and on four
            through ten, you'll find my Nexus search
            of all prior analysis of this film...

  All stare at her.  She stops - starts to pick up the packets.


            Uh, in summation, no part of "Heat" is
            really applicable to a grocery store
            bank branch robbery.


            What the heck is going on here?

  All turn to see Jack, followed by football players and the
  Video Barn Geeks.


            Uh, Jack - look, I can explain...


            Diane, there's no excuse for not taking
            your pre-natal vitamins.  Now, if you
            guys were really friends, you'd remind
            her to take these.

  He smiles, gives Diane her vitamins and kisses her head
  before exiting to the "jock table."


            Uh, Cleo...would you just say my name?





  The squad, in uniform, sits along the wall.  Pregnant COUPLES
  fill the rest of the room.


            ...so, while it's a laugh riot for the
            whole family, and Tim Conway is just
            about as funny as they come, especially
            when he goes...


            Wait a minute.  You watched the Apple
            fucking-Dumpling Gang?!


            I'm only allowed "G" movies.


                
            Am I the only one who cares about this? 
            At least I watched "Dog Day Afternoon!"


            Excuse me, could you please keep your
            voice down?  We're not introducing anger
            into the womb.


                
            Well how'd you like me to introduce my
            foot into your ass?


            Kansas!


                
            I'm sorry, Diane, but I'm not gonna
            watch my dreams fade away 'cause the
            Virgin Mary here thinks she's gonna get
            ideas from kiddie movies --


            Those of us who have parents, know that
            they have rules because they care!

  All fall silent - she went too far.  Kansas stands.


            You sure you wanna go there?


                
            Uh...maybe?


            'Cause I will Jerry Springer you faster
            than you can say "Fat-assed lesbian!"

  Kansas and Hannah go at it - the GIRL FIGHT is on.  Diane,
  Cleo and Lucy try to pull them apart, AD-LIBBING "Stop!" and
  "Knock it off!"  A NURSE enters from the other side of the
  room.


            Diane Weston?

  Diane pushes her way through the fight, forcing a smile.



  A disheveled squad enters to find Diane on the exam table,
  crying.  Her sweater is pulled up, pregnant belly exposed. 
  An ULTRASOUND MACHINE and MONITOR is on beside her.


            Di, we're sorry.  We...


            It's off... I can't take the fighting,
            the back-stabbing, the open hostility. 
            We're not acting like cheerleaders,
            we're acting like a bunch of sorority
            girls!

  The squad rushes to a sobbing Diane, embarrassed by their
  behavior and what it's done to Diane.


                
            It's all my fault.  I'm sorry I ever
            started this...


            Di, it's not your fault.  We all wanted
            to do this - for you... for ourselves.

  Squad AD-LIBS agreement.  Cleo picks up the ULTRA-SOUND HAND
  PIECE beside Diane and starts fiddling with it.


            Look, maybe I can watch a PG movie...
            I'll just say I'm counting dirty words
            for Sunday School.


            That's okay, Hannah.  It was silly to
            think we could learn to rob a bank from
            watching movies.  Sex - you can learn
            from movies.  But robberies?  There's no
            way.

  Cleo sets the HAND-PIECE on Diane's belly.  The squad stares
  in wide-eyed wonder at the monitor - for the first time they
  see Diane's baby.  Diane doesn't notice.


            Besides, TV-LAND had a "Little House On
            The Prairie" marathon and the Ingalls
            made baby Carrie's bed in a dresser
            drawer.  I guess I can just do that...

  Diane sees the squad staring and turns to the monitor.


            Oh my G-d...

  She SEES HER BABY MOVING and GENTLY TOUCHES her belly with
  both hands.  It's all very real.  Suddenly, the BABY SHIRTS
  FORWARD and we see a SECOND BABY'S HEAD.


            Ahh!  Baby's got two heads!!!


            It's twins!!


            Oh, thank G-d!  I'm not just super fat!


                
            Oh - okay, we ain't done with this...
            Those babies are gonna get a good start
            in life - with a real crib - one that
            costs a shit-load!  We're gonna learn
            how to rob a bank from the only people
            who really know how to do it -
            criminals!  I'm gonna visit my mom!

  Squad can't believe what she just said.







  Mrs. Hill, a tough looking woman who smokes like a chimney.


            You don't look nothing like your
            pictures.  What happened to the curly
            red hair?



  Kansas.


            Grandma and Grandpa sent you pictures of
            a neighbor girl.  They didn't want you
            to break out and come kidnap me.


            Thank G-d.  I was starting to think I'd
            killed the wrong man.

  There's an awkward silence as the reality of this hits
  Kansas.  Her mom lights up a cigarette.


            You shouldn't smoke so many of those.


            I know, but it keeps down the size of my
            can.


            They could kill you.


            So could half the women in here.  And
            I'd rather go out with a nice can... So
            watcha here for?  To say how much you
            hate me or how much your grandparents
            hate me...


            I don't hate you.  I need your help.


            My what?


            Your help.


            Now how the hell can I help you?


                
            Okay, you can't tell anybody.


            Gee, I'll sit out this afternoon's
            coffee talk.  Whaddya want?


            My best friend got pregnant.


            Before you?  Whoo-hoo!

  They high-five through the glass.


            I know - that's what I said too. 
            Anyway, we want to help her get some
            money for the baby by robbing a bank.


            Well, shit-fire, Kansas, that's the
            sweetest goddamn thing ever...


            I know, but we can't quite figure out
            how to, y'know, do it.


                
            So you need my help?  Oh my G-d, this is
            like asking me for help with your
            homework.
                
            Hey, Mink, c'mere!

  MINK, a tough-looking woman with short spiky hair joins her.


            Kansas, I want you to meet someone
            special.


            Oh, Jesus Christ, Mom!  Like my life
            ain't a great big pile-of-shit 'cause
            you're in here?  Now I have to add,
            "P.S. My mom's a dyke" too?


            What?!  Hush up, you mouthy little shit!


            Hey, don't "mouthy shit" me - I'm outta
            here.


            Wait, Petunia.  Mommy's a little amped
            up - didn't get her yard time this
            morning.  Mink ain't my bitch.  She's a
            specialist... in banks.



  The rest of the squad, in uniform, waits in folding chairs. 
  A LARGE INMATE stares at them, while slowly mopping the
  floor.  All but Diane appear nervous.  The inmate works her
  mop BETWEEN DIANE'S LEGS and stops.


            Thems some sweet skirts y'got there.


            Well, thank you.  They're actually
            uniforms - we're cheerleaders.


            Mmm-hmm... y'sure are.

  As she moves in closer, Kansas is let through a metal door. 
  All jump up.  Diane steps politely over the mop handle that's
  pressed between her legs.


            Excuse us.

  The squad joins Kansas as they all hustle out the hallway.


            Same time tomorrow - we have a visit
            with our favorite "aunts."





  PAN DOWN the visitors' row.  TOUGH MEN sit across from even
  TOUGHER FEMALE INMATES.  CONTINUE DOWN to the SQUAD, sweet
  and small in comparison - each sitting across from a
  DIFFERENT INMATE.  Mrs. Hill walks behind the inmates,
  supervising.




            Robbin' a bank is like pullin' a trick. 
            You gotta stay in control, know how far
            you'll go for the dough and always put
            the rubber on yourself... Well, y'know
            what I mean.  And you gotta do it the
            day after Christmas.


            Why?


            Banks never have a holiday pick up, so
            vaults are full.  Besides, everyone's at
            home eatin' left-overs and beatin' their
            kids.




            ...You're only seventeen?  Shit, I was
            havin' my third by th'time I's your age.




            Really?  You were cell mates with her? 
            Oh my G-d, she was my hero!  Did she
            tell you what Letterman's house was
            like?




            Y'gotta buy gats from "The Terminator." 
            And tell him "Itchy" sent'ya.


            And "gats" are...


            Guns, cuties.


            And you're called "Itchy" because...




            You listen to Carol, pussycat, a foot on
            both sides-a-your bathtub nozzle - make
            your ride with the sisters seem like
            nothin' more-n-a piss shiver.

  Hannah frantically writes down.





  Jack is on his side of the bed, rubbing cream on Diane's
  exposed belly as he sings to it.  Diane is writing on her
  "From the Beautiful Mind..." NOT PAD, which rests above her
  big belly.


                
            ...so although their dad said, "Don't
            get out of the car until I get back with
            help," they knew the sheriff's voice as
            he yelled.  "Run to my voice - and don't
            look back."  The twins did as he said,
            but at the last second they turned
            around and saw the escaped mental
            patient, bouncing their father's head on
            the top of the car!
                
            Ah!  They jumped, Diane!  They jumped!


            That was gas, Sweetie.


            Oh... What are you working on?


            Jus some girlie things for the squad.









  Notepad.  "From The Beautiful Mind of Diane" PAN DOWN to
  first item listed: 

  1) Buy ski masks and maternity underpants.

  As it's crossed off, we:







  Diane watches as the squad MODELS BIG WHITE MATERNITY
  UNDERPANTS over their Addidas sweats, with pillows and
  stuffed animals in the belly portion.  It's like some bizarre
  fashion show.  A STERN OLD SALESWOMAN approaches.  Diane
  points to Cleo's style, then hands the surprised saleswoman






  THE LIST as 

  2) Buy gats from "The Terminator" is crossed off.



  Squad stands FROZEN looking up at this cinder block shack.  A
  bad, HAND-PAINTED SIGN on top has ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER





            Whoever gets out alive -- have the
            authorities to check in the crawl space.

  Diane walks to the counter and rings the bell.


            Kansas, you should never judge a book by
            its cover.

  HANK WOOD ENTERS (greasy hair, dirty coveralls, big rubber
  gloves).  He's a chain-smoker and reeks of insecticide.  The
  squad reacts.


            Yeah?


                
            I guess there's an exception to every
            rule.


            You're the "Terminator?"


            You come in here to bust my balls?  I
            kill bugs for a livin'.  G-d already
            beat ya to it.

  He turns to exit.


            NO!  Wait...um...
                
            We're the A-squad from Lincoln High? 
            So, uh...


            We were told you could "fix us up."


                
            Really...


            Yeah.  "Itchy" sent us.


            She did, did she?  How is the old girl?


            Definitely old.


                
            That's Itchy, alright.  How many y'need?


            Well, we'll each probably want one - so
            let's make it five.  Five should do it.


            Okay.  How much ammo you reckon you'll
            need?


            Ammo?


            Bullets.


            Bullets?  No bullets!  Oh my gosh, these
            are just to scare people. 
            Kinda like round-off, back handspring,
            whip back, double full.  You never
            really use it - you just want the
            opposing squad to know you've got it.


            Right.
                
            That'll be fifteen hundred - cash.

  Squad REACTS!


            What?!


            You piece-a-shit bug zapper!


            Hey, hey, hey.  C'mon you guys.
                
            Obviously that's a little more than our
            budget will allow.  Basically, we're
            looking for something around two-hundred
            dollars.


            Oh, why didn't you say.  For two-hundred
            I got a nice rubber band and a real
            sharp nail in back... I'll gift wrap it
            for you.  The deal is fifteen hundred. 
            Cash.  Take it or leave it.


            What kind of deal would you make if I
            said we were going to the police and
            tell them you're selling illegal guns...
            to minors!  To girl minors!


                
            I'd just hafta kiiiiiill you.


            Well, okay then.  It was a pleasure
            meeting you.  Take care, let's go you
            guys.

  Squad quickly exits.


            Hold on!

  They stop, still facing the door.


            Oh please, we've all got bright futures
            ahead of us - we're not going to tell
            anyone.  Promise!


            Maybe we can make a deal.


            Look, we're not gonna trade sex for
            guns.  Unless Cleo...

  Cleo hits her.


            My daughter's always dreamed of bein' a
            cheerleader.  Put her on your squad and
            I'll give you the guns.


            You're kidding.


            Fern!  C'mere!
                
            She's siphoning tanks - takes a sec to
            cap off the cyanide hose.

  FERN, all of 85 pounds wet, ENTERS wearing BIG GOGGLES, BIG
  RUBBER GLOVES, BOOTS and a BREATHER which she removes and
  gasps for air.


            We'll be right back.



  The squad runs out and gets into Hannah's STATION WAGON.


            Holy shit!  That's a poster child for
            "Planned Parenthood."





  Slide of VAGINA.


            The vagina, forming the lower portion of
            the birth canal, will normally expand
            its folded walls to allow for the birth
            process...

  Suddenly Diane and the squad walk across the screen.


            Sorry, we had our first basketball game -
            went into overtime... Excuse us.  Sorry.



  Pregnant WOMEN on the floor, resting on pillows - husbands
  kneeling beside them.  CONTINUE TO PULL BACK with the squad
  as they make their way to the back row.


                
            May I continue, ladies?


            Sure.  Unless it's hard for you to talk
            with that stick up your ass.

  A few couples LAUGH.  Pissed, the instructor continues in the
  B.G.  Room starts LAMAZE BREATHING.  Diane joins in.




            Is Jack upset that he can't be here?


                
            Hee-hee-haaaa-weee worked it out.  Heee
            hee-haaa....







  Jack, kneeling on the floor.  Behind him a MONITOR plays a La
  Maze instruction video.


                
            Hee-hee-heee-haaaaa, hee-hee-hee-haaaa,
            doin' good, Sweetie...
                
            Hey-hey, let's remember our focal point!

  Jack raises a STUFFED ANIMAL by his face.  PULL BACK TO
  REVEAL one of the social retards, CHRIS, playing the role of
  Diane - head on a pillow beside Jack, La Maze breathing.


                


  CUSTOMERS, including Lisa, stop and stare.


            C'mon, don't stop now.  We're gonna make
            it, baby.


            What a sad waste of a man.





  Squad reaches an open space at the back of the room.  Diane
  gets down on her pillow - squad surrounds her.  ROOM STARTS
  LA MAZE BREATHING EXERCISES.  Lucy takes out a piece of paper
  which she sets on Diane's belly for all to see.


                
            Okay, even with all our savings, it's
            still only six hundred fifty-four.


                
            Hee-hee-hee, haaaaa-that's it?  Hee-hee
            hee...


            Don't make me Jerry Lewis you guys for
            the rest.


            Hey, I even took my parents' foster kid
            money.  Phillipe's gonna have to gather
            rice without pants this month.


            Look, you guys, three strikes we're out. 
            Let's face it.  It's time to abort!

  A COUPLE looks over - aghast.  Kansas glares back.


            Hey.  Eyes on your own belly!


            Hee-hee-h-wait a minute.  Hold on, now. 
            What do we do before a big game?


            Use the bathroom, because the Port-a
            Potties on the field are gross.


            My fault - What do we do that enables us
            to be as great as we are?


            I personally think of how Conan started
            as a writer, then became a...


                
            -- We practice!  Sorry, Cleo.


            That's right.  Practice makes perfect. 
            I'm practicing to have a baby right now. 
            If we do a practice job, we'll not only
            get the experience, but also the extra
            money we need for guns!

  Squad quietly AD-LIBS their agreement.


            I've got the perfect job - and I've
            gotta pee - help me up!







  A SMILING OLDER WOMAN with a "Volunteer" button sits at a
  table with a "LUNCH TICKETS: $1.50" SIGN on it.  LISA JANUSCH
  approaches and hands her some money.  The Older Woman starts
  to SLOWLY COUNT OFF TICKETS from a roll.

  Impatient, Lisa grabs the roll, rips off some tickets, tosses
  the roll on the table and STORMS OFF.  The Older Woman
  UNLOCKS THE METAL BOX , PUTS THE MONEY
  IN, then SHUTS IT.

  Diane ENTERS FRAME and gives her money.  The older woman
  counts off tickets, smiles and gives them to Diane who bends
  down to tie her shoe. 
  The Older Woman UNLOCKS the metal box to put the money in as
  KANSAS ENTERS, FALLS TO THE GROUND and fakes CHOKING.  Cleo
  runs up to Kansas - begging for help.

  The Older Woman hurries around the table to help as Hannah
  ENTERS FRAME, takes the open metal box and dumps the contents
  into Lucy's Winnie the Pooh BACKPACK as she walks quickly
  THROUGH FRAME.  Hannah hands the box to Diane who shuts it
  and puts it back on the table. 
  BOTH EXIT in opposite directions as Kansas STOPS CHOKING,
  gets up and exits, followed by Cleo, who first helps the
  Older Woman to her feet and then exits.





  The squad sits around the opened Winnie the Pooh backpack.  A
  look of shock on their faces.  After a long beat...




            What the hell kind of food are they
            serving us that they can turn a profit
            on two hundred bucks!?





  Front door OPENS.  Squad EXITS with a LARGE BLACK TRUNK and




  Squad looks miserable - Fern SMILES from ear to ear.  The
  squad slowly STARTS TO SNIFF, then turn toward Fern.


            Uh, Fern?


                
            Yeah?


            No more filling tanks before practice,
            okay?


            'Kay.



  We watch the wagon DRIVE through Lincoln.


            So, y'know, what are you, anorexic or
            bulimic?


            Just skinny.


            Don't make me hate you.



  The station wagon pulls into the cracked driveway.  The squad
  jumps out and runs around to the back of the car, pulling out
  the large black trunk.


            You guys wanna hurry up?  My
            grandparents get back from dinner at
            four-thirty.



  Squad hurries down the open, unfinished stairs, lugging the
  trunk behind.  It looks like a STUDIO APARTMENT - a unique
  combination of her grandparents' old '60's furniture and high
  school memorabilia.


            I can't believe your grandparents never
            come down here.


            You have three heart attacks and a half
            dozen strokes and tell me how much you
            wanna run up and down the stairs.  Shit -
            I forgot to pick up the cigarettes.

  Squad forms a circle around the trunk.


            Ready?

  She flips OPEN the latches.


                
            Okay!

  All help LIFT THE LID.  Stunned SILENCE.


            What the hell?

  WE SEE the trunk is filled with OLD GUN PIECES.  Stocks,
  barrels, flint locks, rusty triggers, etc.  Nothing seems to
  go together.  ALL TALK AT ONCE.


            Oh no...


            He Ikea'd us.


            Okay.  How many signs do we need?  We're
            not supposed to do this...


            Maybe Lucy's right.  Maybe this is a
            sign.


            Screw Lucy!


            Kansas?

  FOOTSTEPS SOUND at the top of the stairwell.  Squad quickly
  shuts the trunk and sits on it.


            Is that you down there?


            Shit!
                
            Yeah, Grandma.  Me and the squad.


            Are you girls talking about boys? 
            Practicing kissing your hands?


            Oh yeah, you caught us...

  TWO OLD LEGS with SUP-HOSE and ORTHOPEDIC SHOES STEP DOWN on
  the top step.  Squad panics.  Tries to quietly hide the
  trunk.


            Oh well, then I'll put some cookies at
            the top of the stairs for you gals.


            Thanks!  That'd be great.

  Old legs START BACK UPSTAIRS.  Girls relax.  Legs STOP, TURN
  and head BACK DOWN.  Squad springs into action again.


            You got that big retarded girl down
            there?


            Uh...Yeah, Grandma.
                
            She doesn't mean that.  Kinda lost the
            old filter with her last stroke.


            Then I'll throw a few more treats on the
            plate.  Where's my smokes?


            I'll get them before "Touched by an
            Angel," don't worry.


            You damn well better...

  LEGS DISAPPEAR.  Squad relaxes.


                
            This is great.  What do we do?  Threaten
            people with a trunk full of parts?


            I'm sorry, you guys.  But when you're
            dealin' with South American Rebels, you
            kinda gotta take what you can get.

  Squad AD-LIBS their frustration.


            Excuse me, but do you guys know what I
            don't see here?

  Squad AD-LIBS "No.  Uh-uh.  What?" etc...


            I don't see a problem.  I see a great
            big craft project sitting right in front
            of us.  So, Kansas, get me some glue,
            tape and a nail file...

  The squad looks at each other as Diane rolls up her sleeves
  and reaches into the trunk.


            Oh, and some Lysol if you have...









  3) "Rehearse Robbery" is CROSSED OFF





  Squad, set up for a girl party, is making a large HALLWAY
  POSTER  in the middle of sleeping bags. 
  They're laughing and having fun as Jack, in Video Barn
  uniform, ENTERS from the bedroom, kisses Diane on the head,
  waves good-bye to the squad and LEAVES.  All freeze for a
  beat, then quickly turn over the poster, revealing a detailed
  layout of the SAFEWAY/BANK BRANCH.

  Cleo opens her OVERNIGHT BAG and pulls out FIVE MODIFIED
  DOLLS - she CUT OUT their SCHOOL PICTURES and taped them over
  the dolls' faces.  ALL PLACE THEIR DOLL IN STARTING


  Cleo then pulls out a CONAN DOLL (Conan's face over a
  shirtless G.I. Joe) who sweeps "her" off her feet and takes
  her in frozen foods.

  Kansas grabs the Conan Doll, runs into the kitchen and shoves
  him head first down the garbage disposal.







  4) "Teach Farm Cheers" is CROSSED OFF.







  Squad member does a short cheer sequence.  



  Fern does her version.  Unfortunately she lacks rhythm,
  coordination and any amount of sex appeal.







  Diane RE-WRITES "Teach Fern Cheers" then CROSSES OFF:

  5) "Buy baby shower invitations and cigarettes for felons."





  Diane and squad stand at the check-out.  Diane places SHOWER
  INVITATIONS on the counter.  The Older Saleswoman smiles
  warmly and touches Diane's belly.  Diane smiles, then points
  to the cartons of cigarettes behind the counter.  The woman
  frowns.  Diane smiles, points again and holds up ten fingers.






  Log Mascot Head


                
            Please join our "A" and "B" squad
            cheerleaders in a salute to winter
            sports!

  PULL BACK to REVEAL WE'RE:



  It's DECORATED for CHRISTMAS.  Fightin' Log Mascot now wears
  a Santa Hat and red scarf. 
  A JAZZ BAND on stage beside him starts up.  With a voice like
  JIM NEIGHBORS, Bruce TIPS the Mascot Head BACK and launches
  into the following to the tune of "Rudolph The Red-Nosed
  Reindeer."


                
            "I....see...girls swimming..."

  A HUMILIATED B-squad MEMBER - in swimsuit - ENTERS a SIDE
  DOOR and pretends to SWIM to CENTER COURT.


            "Boys swimming..."

  Another B-squad MEMBER - dressed as a guy in a swimsuit -
  "swims" to CENTER COURT.


            "Ooooh, they look chilllyyyyy..."

  Squad members pantomime this to the JEERS FROM THE CROWD.


            "Volleyball for her..."

  B-squad MEMBER - in volleyball uniform - ENTERS and spikes a
  ball.  It gets away from her and she has to CHASE IT.  Crowd







  SIDE DOOR SLIDES OPEN.  One by one, the squad, dressed as
  PREGNANT BETTYS - MASKS ON, MATCHING JACKETS and each holding
  a BOX FOR LONG STEM ROSES - jump out.



  as the MOTION SLOWS and, like a shot out of "Tombstone," the
  LINE OF PREGNANT BETTYS disappear around the corner - coats
  blowing in the wind.



  BACK DOOR ENTRANCE.  Cleo grabs the door handle - and it



                
            Who are you - the goddamn Bionic Woman?!


            I just pulled and it - it came off.


            This is great - GREAT!  Now we have to
            enter the front door!


                
            Look, it's really not my fault.

  Kansas jumps at her, pulling her mask back down.


            Hey!  Rule number one - never take off
            the mask!  Y'hear me!  No matter what
            happens, NEVER TAKE OFF THE MASK!


            Sorry, Kansas...


                
            NO-GAH-BUH- NO!  Rule number two - NO
            NAMES!  NO GODDAMN NAMES, you retard!


            Oh for Chrissakes...
                
            "White trash Betty."
                
            I didn't realize the rules went into
            effect before we entered Safeway.


                
            Well, use your head, "Stalker Betty."


            Bettys, stop it!  "The best squad is one
            that hopes for the best and prepares for
            the worst."  National High School
            Cheerleading Association letterhead. 
            Now, let's give a hands in...

  All form a circle, putting their right hands in.


            We're ready.  We're prepared.  And this
            is going to be the best bank robbery
            ever, because...


                
            Cheer-leaders kick...

  All swing arms overhead and SMACK THE "ASS" of the girl to
  their right. 



  They start back around the corner.  Suddenly someone dressed
  as a PREGNANT NIXON turns the CORNER - all SCREAM!  




                
            SHH!  It's me.


            Lucy?


            What the hell do you want?


            I want to help.  I'm part of this
            squad...


                
            Oh no!  You committed the ultimate sin -
            you left our squad to be with a guy. 
            And - and that guy is the Devil himself -
            'cause only the Devil would turn you
            against your sisters!

  All stare at her... then start to LAUGH.


                
            Hannah, you really have to stop taking
            that church stuff so literally.







  Walking in SLOW MOTION, this time with the PREGNANT NIXON on
  the end.



  as they STOP at the MAIN ENTRANCE.



  the squad TUCKS their BOXES tight under their right arms,
  then takes a step FORWARD - AUTOMATIC DOORS OPEN and they




  MUZAK PLAYS.  Squad steps off the black electronic met, then
  stops.  CUSTOMERS FALL SILENT.  It's a sight to behold.  Only


  Kansas holds up a hand and counts off ONE, TWO, THREE
  FINGERS.  All pull the RED RIBBON off their rose box with one
  hand - smoothly grabbing the guns they've glued and taped
  together with the other - as they move into their next
  position (Kansas and Hannah take point as Diane, Cleo, Lucy
  and Fern move into the bank branch).  Cleo fumbles with her
  box, dropping her gun.  The barrel falls off, CLANKING as it
  rolls away from her.  Nixon helps her stick it back together.


                
            Okay, down on the ground!  Now!

  SOME PATRONS DROP to the ground.  Others STAND FROZEN. 
  They're confused.  Just the bank or everyone?


            I said DOWN!

  A Safeway CASHIER  in front of them,
  stands trembling.


            Uh, y-y-y-you robbin' the Safeway, or
            the bank?





            S-s-so y'want everyone down?  O-or just
            the people at the b-b-bank branch?

  They never thought about that...


            All of you!


                
            Bank branch!

  People start to get down who were up, others get up who were
  down.  Kansas and Hannah look at each other a beat, then:


            Bank branch! 


                
            All of you!

  People start to MURMUR and, once again, reverse their
  positions.  Kansas and Hannah move together for a brief
  conference.



  Lucy and Cleo stand under it, shoulder to shoulder, inner
  hands joined, looking up.  Fern RUNS IN FRAME and JUMPS onto
  her HANDS.  They POP her up to their SHOULDERS making a
  STANDING PYRAMID.  Fern pulls out SPRAY PAINT and sprays over
  the SECURITY CAMERA LENS.



  conference ends.  They return to point positions.


            Bank branch only!  Everyone else - go on
            about your business!

  EVERYONE near the bank starts to get down.  Unable to "go
  about their business" with a robbery in progress, Safeway
  CUSTOMERS just stare.  After an uncomfortable beat.


            Shit - EVERYBODY DOWN!



  Everyone goes ass-up.  Kansas and Hannah nod with their
  success, then shoulder their guns.



  as she slowly gets on the floor - watching Lucy, Cleo and
  Fern spray painting the security camera.



  as Lucy, Cleo and Fern do a HALF-SWAN DISMOUNT from the
  Pyramid.



  as this stunt registers across her face - it's an illegal
  dismount!  She starts to count Bettys...



  in the bank branch, moving like a shark - never stopping -
  knowing exactly where everything is.



  as they RUN ACROSS to the other SECURITY CAMERA.  They pass
  Lisa, staring up at them.  Cleo steps on her ass as she
  crosses over.



  as she hits the ground - noticing a POMPON STRING stuck in
  Fern's boot.  Lisa REACHES OUT - GOT IT!



  as she pulls it in, under her body - EVIDENCE!



  Safe is OPEN.  Cleo and Fern join her, taking the MONEY BAGS. 
  They open them as Diane turns around with her first arm-load
  of cash.  (Lucy moved to her next position at the front
  door.)


            This here's bullshit!  That's what this
            is!

  ALL TURN and FREEZE.  MUSIC UNDER.


            Shit.


                
            I'm fine here - go help!

  ANGLE ON FACTORY WORKER 

  wearing a "Lincoln, Local 186" cap.  He walks up the cereal
  aisle.


            Not gonna let some piece-a-shit Betty
            Doll tell me what to do...



  they turn to each other - shit!



  as he continues toward them - REACHING INTO HIS BOOT AND



            No-sireee-bob...



  Oh shit-oh-shit!  Cleo and Fern join them.


            Freeze or meet Jesus, Ass-hole!

  Kansas shoulders her gun.  The barrel starts to droop, the
  glue isn't holding.  She quickly reaches out to straighten
  it.



  he stops, dead in his track.


            Don't we never take the Lord's son's
            name in vain around this part of the U-S


  He drops his 6-pack and starts to RUN AT THEM!


            Ahhhhhhhh!



  they're freaking out.



  bracing for the worst.



  yelling and running.  SUDDENLY, the SOUND OF TEN ROUNDS in
  TWO SECONDS breaks the tension.  MOTION SLOWS as his hat
  EXPLODES OFF HIS HEAD.  His face registers absolute surprise
  as he falls back on his ass.



  Hannah stands frozen, gun still at her shoulder, breathing
  hard.  All turn - SHE JUST SHOT A GUY!



  spread eagle in the middle of the demolished aisle.  Cereal
  trickles down from punctured boxes on the shelves.

  Suddenly, he starts to move and slowly sits up.  Dazed and
  confused, only a piece of his union cap remains on his
  head...



  they breathe a sigh of relief!

  Fern approaches Hannah.


                
            Uh, I forgot to tell you sometimes when
            the rebels take the gun off a corpse,
            some live rounds get left in the drum.


                
            Good to know, Fern.  Good to know.





  SHOVING CASH in the last money bag as Cleo and Fern return,
  GRAB THE OTHER FULL BAGS and GO!  Diane's about to close her
  bag when SNIFF...SNIFF... SNIFF - she turns toward the fish
  department, puts the BAG OVER HER MOUTH and goes down to
  puke.  BEAT.  She stands, pulling her mask back down, ties
  the bag and follows the others.



  as they run out together.  Fern watching the rear.  Diane
  sees Snickers near the door.  She's torn - THIS IS ONE TOUGH

  Kansas motions for her to "C'mon, run!" but Diane can't.  She
  goes back for a Snickers.  She suddenly stops, digs in her
  pocket and tosses a bill to the Cashier.









  yelling and running.  SUDDENLY, the SOUND OF TEN ROUNDS in
  TWO SECONDS breaks the tension.  MOTION SLOWS as his hat
  EXPLODES OFF HIS HEAD.  His face registers absolute surprise
  as he falls back on his ass.



  Hannah stands frozen, gun still at her shoulder, breathing
  hard.  All turn - SHE JUST SHOT A GUY!



  spread eagle in the middle of the demolished aisle.  Cereal
  trickles down from punctured boxes on the shelves.

  Suddenly, he starts to move and slowly sits up.  Dazed and
  confused, only a piece of his union cap remains on his
  head...



  they breathe a sigh of relief!


                
            I feel like freakin' David and Goliath.





  SHOVING CASH in the last money bag as Cleo and Fern return,
  GRAB THE OTHER FULL BAGS and GO!  Diane's about to close her
  bag when SNIFF...SNIFF... SNIFF - she turns toward the fish
  department, puts the BAG OVER HER MOUTH and goes down to
  puke.  BEAT.  She stands, pulling her mask back down, ties
  the bag and follows the others.



  as they run out together.  Fern watching the rear.  Diane
  sees Snickers near the door. 
  She's torn - THIS IS ONE TOUGH CRAVING!  Kansas motions for
  her to "C'mon, run!" but Diane can't.  She goes back for a
  Snickers.  She suddenly stops, digs in her pocket and tosses
  a bill to the Cashier.











  An animated Lisa talks to a MALE REPORTER.  In the B.G. the
  place buzzes with POLICE, PARAMEDICS and CRIME SCENE TECHS. 
  "LIVE" flashes across the bottom of the screen.


                
            ...I'm walking evidence!  One of them
            stopped my ass!
                
            Can you get a shot of it!?
                
            Hey, can someone dust my ass for prints
            over here?!

  The male reporter waves TWO PARAMEDICS OVER - signaling
  "crazy" and pointing to Lisa.


            I immediately started helping local
            police with their investigation.


            Oh, wait - I almost forgot!  I-I found
            this!!!

  She pulls out the pompon string  and hands
  it up proudly as two PARAMEDICS take her arms and try to lead
  her away.  Lisa struggles to show her pompon string to
  camera.

  IN EXTREME F.G. - a TWENTY DOLLAR BILL FLOATS PAST

  PULL BACK to reveal we're watching a TV.  More money floats
  past IN FRONT OF THE SCREEN.  

  CONTINUE TO PULL BACK to REVEAL WE'RE:



  Diane, Cleo, Hannah and Lucy are laughing, throwing and
  rolling around in the money as the TV continues to play
  "LIVE" from the scene.  They're all in their undies (find out
  why in a second) - money stuffed everywhere.  Diane goes back
  to hanging freshly washed bills  to dry.


            Can you guys believe this?  We're like
            celebrities!


            Better enjoy it now.  'Cause tomorrow
            some little kid falls down a well and
            we're nothing but a distant memory.

  Kansas enters from a back room.


            Disguises incinerated!

  Squad CHEERS and throws money at her.


            Bad news, Di, there's one thing we just
            couldn't fit in the furnace...



  pushing a DOUBLE CRIB.  It's filled with baby items, stuffed
  animals, etc.


            Oh my G-d!  A real crib!  You guys -
            thank you!  Can you believe we did it!?
                
            I mean, we did it.  We REALLY DID IT!

  Squad CHEERS and starts to throw money around again.


            I guess no one could've predicted the
            shit-storm that was about to hit.  The
            only thing people cared about, thought
            about or talked about was the robbery. 
            Everyone had a theory.





  Safeway Cashier talks into an "Action News '98" mic.


            ...well, judging by the way the robbers
            practically flew up to spray paint
            security cameras, I think it was an
            Asian gang.  As a people, they tend to
            be quite tiny and very acrobatic...


            That's all it took, then the next thing
            you know...





  S.W.A.T. MEMBERS surround this Americanized Chinese
  restaurant - machine guns at the ready.  SUDDENLY, a small
  frightened Asian man walks out, hands in the air.


            ...Dim-Sum Charlie's being hauled in for
            questioning...





  BANK BRANCH WORKER talks into a "Channel 5" mic.


            I think it was five pregnant women, mmm
            hmmm.  My wife and I have two babies of
            our own and there's no accounting for
            the things they'll do when they're in
            that "condition."  One night my wife
            came home from work and she just kicked
            me in the balls.  To this day, I don't
            know what came over her - just kicked me
            in the balls.



  A POLICE OFFICER stands beside a POLICE SKETCH of a PREGNANT



            From there, the town just seemed to go
            ape-shit...

  PREGNANT WOMEN YELL and point at ANOTHER PREGNANT WOMAN
  they've cornered.  UNFORTUNATELY she looks just like a WENDY

  Her husband tries unsuccessfully to prevent TWO OFFICERS from
  taking her away.  The squad sits quietly - horrified by this
  witch hunt.





  Factory Worker talks into an "ABC" mic.


            News of this didn't stop at the border
            of Lincoln County.  This thing spread
            faster than a canker sore on the girls'
            swim team.  Someone in Lincoln would say
            something like...


            It was a bunch of faggots!  Sure-as
            .  They was dressed like a bunch
            of freakin' Wendy Dolls, for chrissakes. 
            They had faggoty little voices.
                
            And only a buncha G-d- queer'd
            shoot up a union cap!


            All of a sudden...





  JERRY SPRINGER talks INTO CAMERA from the audience.


            It's on Jerry-fuckin'-Springer!


            ...today, we'll meet a growing number of
            transvestites who don't just like to
            dress up as women, they like to dress as
            pregnant women.  When we return,
            "Transvestites with a Twist."



  TWO TOUGH-LOOKING MEN, dressed as pregnant women, stare out
  at the audience.


                
            I'm not talking "Maury" or "Leeza." 
            This thing was definitely huge!



  A POLICE CAR with TWO OFFICERS cruises a neighborhood street. 
  They pass DONUTS back and forth to each other.  Through their
  windscreen, we see TWO SMALL CHILDREN WEARING WENDY MASKS
  playing "cops and robbers."


            In other news...oh, did you hear about
            the six-armed Betty Dolls that robbed a
            bank the other day?


            Oh man, that's so my fantasy - life size
            Bettys tellin' me what to do.  "Get down
            on the ground, you filthy man."  Yes,
            Giant Betty.  "Bend over!"  Yes,
            Mistress Betty.


            They were pregnant.


            What?!  Knocked-up Bettys?!  Couldn't-a
            been Ken, his schlong is molded to his
            body.  Hey, at the police line-up, they
            should just see whose knees can bend the
            wrong way...



  BOB GOEN sits at the anchor desk.


            ...when we come back, a behind the
            scenes look at Fox's week long series,
            "When Bettys Attack."





  DAN PATRICK sits behind the desk.


            Tonight in St. Louis, bottom of the
            ninth...




            Ramirez with the pitch... McGwire
            gone...




            McGwire goes yard for the forty-second
            time this season...



  FANS, dressed as PREGNANT BETTYS ,
  reach up for the ball.  One catches it, holds it up and waves
  to the crowd.


            ...right into a waiting pack of pregnant
            Bettys.




            Did I say that right?  A "pack" of
            Bettys?  It might be a "gaggle" of
            Bettys...











  A COSTUME PARTY is in full "swing."  Guys  on
  one side, girls  on the other.


                
            What the hell?!

  The GROUP OF GUYS TURN to see CARTMAN, dressed as a PREGNANT
  BETTY - machine gun in hand, approaching.


            What the hell are you s'posed to be?


            I'm a bank-robbin' Betty.


            You're not a bank-robbin' Betty - you're
            a fat fuck in drag...


            I am not a fat fuck in drag!!!

  Cartman opens fire, KILLING KENNY.





  Conan and Andy sit at a desk.  Conan talks to camera.


            Then it happened - the moment I'd been
            waiting for!  Our dip-shits in blue
            finally followed up on my evidence...


            ...they now believe a group of young
            women are responsible for the Betty Bank
            Robbery.  
                
            I've said for years the Betty Doll was a
            bad influence on young girls.


            You sure have...can't shut you up about
            your Bettys.


                
            That's right.  Now, I mean I'm no
            authority on young girls.  
                
            Or am I?
                
            That was kinda creepy.


            Do you have to notify police if you
            move?





  with





  Diane on phone with:



  Kansas on the phone.


            It was Lucy!  Lucy went to the cops!


            Remember, Kansas, every time you point a
            finger you've got three more pointing
            back at you.


            She's been the weak tit on this mama cat
            since the beginning.




            That you?


            Yeah, hold on.


            Just call me later.  I gotta get some
            smokes for Grandma.


            Don't use big bills!


            For a pack of cigs?  I use her food
            stamps.

  Diane presses her receiver and SLIDES SCREEN RIGHT (PUSHING
  KANSAS OFF) as Hannah, on the phone, FILLS IN ON THE LEFT.





  with




            Hello?


                
            We're dead!  They showed this prison
            movie to my youth group on Sunday.


            Hannah, we've...


            It wasn't like the prison we saw - all
            these women had to shave their heads
            because they got lice from the filthy
            lives they'd lived!  Oh G-d, I'm gonna
            be someone's bald bitch!




            Ooops, hold on a sec.

  Hannah continues to rant as Diane PRESSES her receiver and
  SLIDES SCREEN LEFT  as Lucy,
  on phone, SLIDES ON, SCREEN RIGHT.





  with




            Di, it's Luce.  Kansas just called and
            said she's going to "fuck me up!"  Then
            I heard coughing, a thud and Kansas had
            to go.  I think her Grandma had another
            heart attack.  Anyway, why does she want
            to "fuck me up?"


            She thinks you went to the police.


            WHAT?!  That's insane!!!  Why would I go
            to the police?




            I've got to get that.  Relax.  I'll see
            you tomorrow.





  with



  An exasperated Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDES
  SCREEN RIGHT, PUSHING LUCY OUT as Hannah - STILL RANTING -



            ...my Sunday School teacher says that in
            prison, women shove broom sticks up
            your...


            Hold on...

  Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDES SCREEN LEFT,
  PUSHING HANNAH OUT, DIM SUM CHARLIE, on prison phone - SLIDES






  with




            Yeah?


                
            Oh thank Buddha it's you, Kim-Lo, I'm
            being held against my will, my civil
            rights have been violated and it took
            four days to make this one phone call...


            Hello?


            Kim-Lo?


            No.  This is Diane.  I think you have
            the wrong number.




            Ooops, that's me -- gotta run!


                
            Wrong number  Nooooooo!

  Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDES SCREEN RIGHT,
  PUSHING DIM SUM CHARLIE OFF, as Cleo, on phone, SLIDES ON,






  with




            Hello?


            Di?  I just called to say that Conan
            talked about us again last night.


                
            Thanks, Cleo.  See you tomorrow.


            Bye.

  Diane and Cleo hang up.  SPLIT SCREEN DROPS DOWN.  Hannah,
  still ranting, DROPS IN - FULL FRAME.




            ...and a "bitch slap."  I bet that
            really hurts!







  Foggy mirror.  A HAND WIPES IT CLEAR, revealing Diane (SAME



                
            Morning, sunshine. 
            Remember, except for the morning
            sickness, blinding back pain and
            embarrassingly unpredictable gas - these
            are the best days of your life.

  She starts to EXIT, then RETURNS.


            So far.

  She BUCKS HER CHIN, attempts a smile and starts to EXIT.


            Hey, hey, hey, not so fast...

  Diane returns to the mirror.


            Following your dream is not a crime. 
            Nobody suspects you.  Nobody has a clue.







  MOTION SLOWS as squad, in uniform, walks toward camera in a
  line across the hall.  Their CONFIDENT FACES quickly turn to
  worry.



  STUDENTS, quickly moving out of their way.



  Squad  sit self-consciously at a table, no
  one around them.  WIDEN TO REVEAL students are crushed at the
  opposite side of the lunchroom.  Lisa and the B-squad
  approach.


            Hey guys.  Someone not take a shower
            today?

  The B-squad smiles and chuckles at this.


            Hey Lisa, did you run into Carmen
            Electra last summer?


            No.


            Oh.  'Cause is looks like you got some
            of her tits in you...

  A-squad can't help but laugh.  Lisa angrily hands Diane a
  letter.


            This just came from the National High
            School Cheerleading Association.  You
            might want to look it over before you
            try any more "cradle dismounts from
            double base partner stunts that are over
            shoulder stand level without using three
            catchers."  Oh, or before you think
            about robbing another bank.

  SQUAD FREEZE with these WORDS.  Suddenly, the lunchroom is
  FLOODED with S.W.A.T. MEMBERS.  It's PANDEMONIUM.





  We're back with Lisa and the FBI AGENT.  Lisa has drawn
  moustaches, beards, blacked-out teeth, etc. on the A-squad



            ...and that's why I came forward.  I
            mean, even the kids on the short bus can
            see that all the evidence points to
            Diane and the A-squad.


            Sure does.  Your testimony will prove
            invaluable.


            Unfortunately, it wasn't them.







  "Get Alibi" is CROSSED OFF.


            They were all waiting in my Suburban
            while I ran into the Safeway that day
            for cash...








  Lisa, now the A-squad Captain, is leading a cheer.


            We were on our way to practice.  Now, I
            really need to get going, 'cause nobody
            ever got ahead by sitting on their
            behind...

  She's competent, not great.  Squad, including Fern, is
  thrilled to be cheering.  Diane, very pregnant, SMILES and
  WAVES from the stands.











  a smiling Hannah.



  PULL BACK to REVEAL she's sitting on a HORSE beside a sign:










  PULL BACK to REVEAL Fern is wearing camouflage and posing
  with a large semi-automatic on the cover of "SOLDIER OF
  FORTUNE" magazine.

  HEADLINE READS: "High-paid Women Assassins - Can They Have It
  All?"





  A JUDGE who appears to be reading a verdict.  PULL BACK to
  REVEAL Kansas and MRS. HILL anxiously awaiting his verdict.










  Lucy, in graduation cap and gown, waves from an auditorium
  stage at HARVARD.  






  Pizza deliver box.








  of a LUSH TROPICAL ISLAND.  







  Cleo's smiling face.  





  PULL BACK to REVEAL she's wearing a ripped dress - "new"
  boobs bursting out.





  PULL BACK to REVEAL it's a MOVIE POSTER for SCREAM VIII. 
  KILLERS are behind her, holding knives and wearing BETTY






  CONTINUE PULLING BACK to REVEAL she's on "THE LATE SHOW WITH
  CONAN O'BRIEN."  Conan O'Brien is holding the poster between
  them.  She's laughing at something he's saying.








  a smiling Jack and Diane - looking more mature and more in
  love.






  PULL BACK to REVEAL they're surrounded by FOUR BEAUTIFUL
  CHILDREN - TWINS are five, others are THREE and TWO.  Diane
  holds the youngest.






  CONTINUE TO PULL BACK to REVEAL the VIDEO RETARDS (now in
  suits) on either side of Jack and Diane.





  PAN UP to REVEAL LARGE BANNER: "Congratulations Senator
  Bartlett" hanging above them.







  Diane, smiling from ear to ear.





  PULL BACK to REVEAL she's on an auditorium stage, handing a
  LARGE CHECK to a very PREGNANT CHEERLEADER.








  Lisa smiling in a wedding gown.





  WIDEN to REVEAL BRUCE IS HER GROOM.






  The End

