           








                                Written by

                         Jon Hoeber &amp; Erich Hoeber



                       Based on the graphic novel by

                                Greg Rucka





                                               December 22, 2006




          Antarctica. Six million square miles of ice.    The
          coldest place on earth.

          Forty-six countries have competing claims and maintain
          outposts. The Antarctic Treaty holds these claims in
          check.

          There is no regular law enforcement. A single U.S.
          Marshal is assigned to the territory.






          Snow-covered hills thrust up out of a barren, white
          wasteland. No buildings, no animals... nothing.

          CLOSER: The hills are more defined. Rows of jagged
          peaks and a crazed pattern of crevasses. A fine `mist'
          of wind-blown snow whips about this jumble of glinting
          ice.

          STILL CLOSER: We track down through valleys, skirt
          crevasses, climb peaks and finally pause on a flat
          stretch of ice. HOLD on this scene of timeless, savage
          beauty, then...



          A FACE, hooded and goggled in ECW (extreme cold weather
          gear) drops into frame, smashing down on the icy surface
          with such brutal impact, the shattered goggle shield pops
          out --

          -- EYES STARE BLANKLY into camera -- locked in death.
          It's a man.

          Camera slowly starts to PULL BACK to see his limbs have
          snapped at unnatural angles, the head grotesquely twisted
          -- bright red arterial blood seeps from the corpse and
          spreads out down tiny cracks in the ice until, with
          startling speed, it turns dark and freezes.

          We PULL BACK further and look down on the body, a bizarre
          shape in a spider's web of frozen blood. And SLOWLY WE
          PULL BACK... further and further...until all is dazzling
          white.










          The sounds of lapping surf and distant seagulls serenades
          us like a rhythmic lullaby.

          -- CU on WOMAN'S TOES digging up soft, white sand.    The
          shadow of a palm tree cascading over top.

          Widen slightly -- a pair of feminine hands, donning an
          ANTIQUE SILVER ring on the left middle finger, are slowly
          applying coconut tanning lotion onto firm, athletic
          calves. Deep. Soothing. Then --

          O.C. KNOCK KNOCK on a door.

          The hands stop.

          Another KNOCK KNOCK.

          The lapping surf and seagull sounds come to an abrupt
          halt.


                            
                       ...Yeah?

          Widen to meet CARRIE STETKO, late 20's. Cargo pants --
          rolled up, and an exercise top. She's kicking back, but
          she's not at the beach.

          In fact, she's in an office, sitting on a chair. A NEWLY
          OPEN BAG OF KITTY LITTER sits next to a plastic tub she's
          got her feet in. Two FLOOR LAMPS stand like sentinels
          above her, blasting her with warm wattage. A fake palm
          tree casts the shadow across her body. She's pulled the
          earplugs out of her iPod -- back to the real world.

          The door opens. Leaning into the room is JAMIE CLARK
          , African-American. She's dressed in a flannel
          shirt, jeans. Carrie doesn't look entirely happy at the
          intrusion.


                       Sorry, a Professor Sapperstein
                       needs to see you in biology. Said
                       it's urgent.


                       Alright --

          Jamie leaves.

          As Carrie gets to her feet, camera moves away from her,
          panning around the small office. Half-packed up boxes
          lay strewn about the floor.






          A CALENDER hangs crookedly before a desk. Each day has
          been marked off with a large X. THREE DAYS REMAIN
          unmarked. Last space reads: WINTER-OVER, and in the
          space next to it, there's a cut out picture of a tropical
          beach.

          A dart board is next to it with A PHOTOGRAPH pulverized
          with dart holes over the Bullseye. It's of a candy-
          striped pole topped with a silver ball, surrounded by
          international flags - the South Pole. Carrie is standing
          next to the pole, smiling at the camera, arm-in-arm with
          SAM MURPHY . Looks like he's handsome, but his
          face is a little more obliterated than the rest of him.






          An ugly sprawl of prefab buildings, power-lines and above
          ground sewage pipes. It looks more like a Siberian work
          camp than Antarctica's largest research base and
          logistics hub. In the background, smoke rises from Mt.
          Erebus.





          An icy wind HOWLS, but the base swarms with PARKA-CLAD
          FIGURES shuttling supplies and packing up equipment for
          winter.

          We PICK UP CARRIE AND FOLLOW her as she strides down the
          icy, unmade street. Her hood is pulled up and she's not
          enjoying the cold. She reaches a row of buildings and
          checks the names - GEOLOGY LAB #2...ASTROPHYSICS -
          BERKLEY...until she reaches BIOLOGY BUILDING #7 and
          pushes through the double doors into...




          LONG BENCHES are covered with ANTARCTIC FLORA - MOSSES,
          LICHENS and LIVERWORTS. They are being nurtured and
          studied by SCIENTISTS who look like homeless people -
          unkempt beards, bloodshot eyes and sun-damaged skin.

          Carrie throws back her hood and unzips her jacket.
          Approaches one of the scientists with familiarity, who is
          in the process of EXTRACTING an ICE-CORE SAMPLE from a
          stainless steel cylinder.









                       Hey Fred, unlock any secrets of
                       the Universe -- discover we're
                       Alien life forms?


                       Workin' on it.


                       Which one's Sapperstein?


                       Deschampsia Antarctica.

          He indicates with a nod to a bench covered with tall
          grass samples across the room. PROFESSOR SAPPERSTEIN,
          young, thin and bearded, is studying them.


                       Okay, thanks.

          She crosses to him --

                                        CARRIE 
                       Sapperstein?

          He looks at her --


                       Yeah.


                       Wanted to see me?

          His face tenses -- this is serious.


                       -- Follow me.

          He leads her to a bench in the corner on which stands a
          GLASS HERBARIUM containing only STALKS and a few HEAT
          LAMPS. One of the GLASS PANELS has been smashed.

                                     SAPPERSTEIN 
                       They took it all.


                       All what?


                       Cannabis Sativa.

          She looks at him --





                                  SAPPERSTEIN 
                    My weed, man. I've been growing
                    it all summer and they took it.

                    It was just budding, too.

          He sends an evil glare across the room to four glassy-
          eyed scientists sitting around a desk, munching on potato
          chips, candy bars, and drinking beer. Stifling laughter.

                                  SAPPERSTEIN 

                    It's not funny!

          Carrie looks back to him -- can barely stifle a laugh.


                    Professor Sapperstein, I'd like
                    you to read something for me.

          She pulls out a small LEATHER FOLD chained around her
          neck. Opens it up. Puts it in front of his face.

                                  CARRIE 
                    What's this say?

          He's not sure what she's getting at --

                                  CARRIE 
                    C'mon, go ahead, read it.


                    Carrie Stetko.


                    Keep reading.


                    United States Marshal.

          She closes the fold, lets it drop around her neck.


                    Very good.

                    Now are you still sure you want to
                    report the theft of an illegal
                    narcotic?

          He actually ponders the question for a moment. Carrie
          puts an arm around his bony shoulder and steers him away
          from the others.







                                   CARRIE 
                     Professor...are you planning on
                     doing the winter-over?


                     Not this year, no.


                     Good. And how are you feeling
                     right now?


                     You think I'm crazy? Is that what
                     you're saying?



                     No, no, not crazy. But this time
                     of year, down here, we're all
                     going a little toasty aren't we?
                     How about you plant a little
                     Cannabis when you get home?

          She pats him on the back.




          Carrie enters. Walks by a mirror. Takes a glance. Is
          about to fix her hair, then stares at the reflection --
          what's the point? We notice a slight scar on her right
          temple.

          She steps around the moving boxes to her desk, which is
          bare except for a thick BINDER labelled,`DAILY REPORTS'.

          She takes a seat, opens a binder and flips past dozens of
          empty pages reading "INCIDENT: None. ACTION TAKEN:
          None." On today's page she fills in the blanks with
          "Theft of botany sample." And "None."

          A pencil falls down onto the desk before her. Bounces.
          Then rolls off. She doesn't even flinch, or look up.
          Just stares unhappily at the binder.

          Camera tilts up -- several pencils are stuck into the
          cardboard tiles.

          She closes the binder and puts it on the shelf beside a
          row of framed photos: Carrie in a Marshal's uniform
          graduation day; crisp, clean uniform. She and two other
          girlfriends, all smiles, at a bar -- she's got a birthday
          cake in front of her. Carrie on a beach somewhere,
          sitting in a chair, feet in the sand -- shaded by a palm.





          As she lifts the frames and moves to pack them in a
          nearby box --


                       You busy?

          She turns to see SAM MURPHY, base commander, the guy on
          the DART BOARD. There's an awkward beat.


                       What do you think?

                       I know you weren't in the area.
                       What's up?

          He sees the photo on the dart board -- saunters over to
          it.


                       I got a pilot at ASB who thinks he
                       spotted a popsicle out on the ice.


                       What flavor?


                       Don't know.


                       And we were doing so well.

                       Where?


                       McClain Valley.

          This throws her.


                       McClain Valley? What was he doing
                       out there? That's no man's land.

          He takes a closer look at the photo -- almost seems
          amused.


                       I've got a plane heading to ASB in
                       an hour with some supplies for
                       Winter-over.

                       Can't get you back until tomorrow.

          He looks at her with a smile --






                                  MURPHY 
                    You leaving the dart board?


                    No -- just the picture.






          The red and white striped ceremonial south "pole" stands
          surrounded by international flags.

          SUPER TITLE: South Pole / Amundsen-Scott Station 

           opulation: 183                Temperature: - 55°

          Ice as far as the eye can see. In the background is the
          base. It's much smaller than McMurdo - a few dozen
          specialist buildings surrounding four circular buildings
          raised on hydraulic stands, interconnected by tubular
          shaped walkways.

          Off in the distance -- A SNOWCAT mounted with a plow,
          pushes small drifts of snow off the runway onto a LARGE
          BERM. It's been busy -- SEVERAL OTHER BERMS flank both
          sides of the runway.

          Camera pans to Carrie with a gear bag in tow, as she
          deplanes a LC-130. A HALF-DOMED HANGAR rises up on the
          other side of the plane.

          The main ASB complex is before her.

          Across the top of the entrance is a huge poster: 3 DAYS
          TO WINTER-OVER EVAC. Piles of packed equipment are
          everywhere.

          Half a dozen NAKED MEN wearing only boots and face masks
          blow out the front door screaming and yelling, run around
          the South Pole, right past her, and back into ASB.

          Carrie heads in --


                    Bottom of the frickin' planet.










          Music cranks. Carrie knows her way. People come and go
          as she strides along a corridor decorated with PARTY
          BALLOONS and signs that read: `DON'T FORGET THE EVE OF
          EVAC PARTY' -- comes to an office door with a small
          plaque on it that reads: MARSHAL. Pushes it open.




          Carrie enters. It's smaller than her McMurdo office with
          a HOLDING ROOM that has a viewing window in the door. A
          fine layer of dust blankets a little desk with a computer
          and lamp on top.

          A map of Antarctica is spread across a wall with sub-
          station positions marked in block letters. A window
          gives view to the South Pole.




          Carrie opens the door. Single bed. Tiny dresser. No
          frills. She tosses her gear bag onto the bed. Closes
          the door.




          Carrie pokes her head in. An examination table, cabinets
          with drugs and first aid equipment. A couple of hospital
          beds. Moving boxes are packed up.


                     Doc?

          Another door in the back of the room is open, but the
          light is off. Carrie turns to leave and --




          -- almost bumps right into one of the runners from
          outside, Aussie RUSSELL KELLER  coming down
          the corridor. He's naked, except for a towel wrapped
          around his waste. Sports a goatee. Couple tats.
          Flashes a cocky smile.


                     Well, hello Marshal.








                       Keller.

          She leaves.    He falls into stride with her.

                                       CARRIE 
                       You seen Doc?


                       Out back.   What are you doing
                       here?


                       Checking the freezer for a
                       popsicle.


                       No shit?


                       It got called in this morning.


                       Who spotted it?


                       Delfy, one of the pilots here.

          Keller half smiles.


                       It's his first year down here.
                       You know how that goes. My bet it
                       was just debris, an old tent or
                       something.


                       Yeah -- probably.


                       Here's an idea -- why don't you
                       stay here with me and we'll party,
                       just the two of us. Put those
                       cuffs of yours to work.


                       ...Were you the second guy from
                       the front?


                       Yeah.


                       Not interested.





          They come to the end of the hall.   Keller stops.   Carrie
          goes right.




          A large room by base standards. Several windows. A
          giant map of ANTARCTICA dominates one wall with the
          International stations and research outposts flagged with
          pins that have their countries flags on them.   A grid of
          EVAC TIMES of each STATION and OUTPOST is next to it. A
          Tech is changing a few.

          Another TECH sits as a console, lined with comm equipment
          and computers. Others hustle about.

          Talking into a headset is the Station Manager, RHONDA
          STEWART . Silky white skin. Irish. Long red hair
          tied back. Perfunctory.


                    I'll have them boomerang back and
                    pick up the load -- just have it
                    ready.

          The Tech at the console turns to her --


                    Guys got the science lab all shut
                    down.


                    Good, have them check all the
                    pressure levels on the hydraulics,
                    then clear the exterior storage
                    bins. Make sure we're not leaving
                    anything out there.

          Rhonda sees Carrie coming in the doorway. There's a
          flash of awkward tension that both mask with professional
          demeanor.


                    Sam told me you'd be coming up --
                    how's the sleigh ride?


                    Fine. I need a plane and that
                    pilot who saw the popsicle.


                    I'll have him meet you in the
                    hangar.






          A moment of silence lingers as neither have anything else
          to say.


                       Yeah, good.

          Carrie leaves.




          Selecting a putter from a bag of golf clubs is DOC FURY,
          60. Looks seasoned. Bearded. Wears the only non-red
          parka we've seen: it's royal blue, trimmed with black fur
          and emblazoned with dozens of emblems and patches from
          years of Antarctic service.


                       In less than three days we begin
                       Winter-over. The sky will go
                       completely black and stay that way
                       for six months.

          Camera pulls back to REVEAL five NEWBIES ;
          an Asian, French, Brazilian, Danish and an American. All
          are standing on their jackets, shivering uncontrollably
          in the wind.

                                     DOC 
                       The sane ninety percent of the
                       population will be leaving the
                       ice. Extreme weather conditions
                       make it impossible for planes from
                       the outside world to land. You
                       have chosen, for your own
                       misguided reasons, to stay. And
                       it is my responsibility to teach
                       you beakers how not to die.

          Doc lines up on a hot pink golf ball and putts.

          The ball rolls across the glacier in an impossible, wind-
          driven arc, approaches a flag, and sinks.

                                     DOC 
                       Time?

          The Asian holds a stopwatch.    He stares at it stupidly.


                       T... T... Three minutes.









                       Your core body temperatures have
                       fallen to approximately 97
                       degrees. You are shivering
                       uncontrollably -- losing basic
                       motor skills. You're having
                       trouble focusing on even the
                       simplest tasks. In short, you are
                       well on your way to dying, and it
                       has only been two-hundred seconds.

                       Put your coats on.

          The class struggles into their jackets. Doc assists
          those who, in their diminished capacity, are having
          trouble figuring out how to put them on.

                                     DOC 
                       Your life is dependent on your
                       awareness of the weather. So be
                       aware. There is a condition that
                       arises around here known as a
                       whiteout. Don't get caught in it.
                       Winds kick up snow that's lain on
                       the ice for thousands of years --
                       can't see six inches in front of
                       your nose. Temperature plummets
                       to triple digits. We found bodies
                       less than a foot from safety and
                       warmth.

          Carrie walks up.    Doc's eyes brighten.

                                     DOC 
                       Class, here we have another of the
                       many hazards found on Antarctica.
                       Say hello to Marshal Stetko.

          Through a disjointed, chattering chorus --


                       Hello Marshal Stetko.


                       Always a pleasure to see you.
                       Unlike most of the beaker-heads
                       down here.

                       Social visit?


                       I wish -- We got a job. I need
                       you to take a ride with me.





                                  CARRIE 

                    Might be a body out on the ice.


                    Why's this crap always happen at
                    the end of the season?

          Carrie pulls a Driver from Doc's golf bag.    Lines up
          another pink ball.

                                  DOC 
                    Too cold for driving.

          Carrie swings -- WHACK!   The ball shatters and pink bits
          rain down around them.


                    So it is.




          Carrie and Doc cross the interior, which houses Three
          double prop Twin Otters, two Snowcats, and six
          snowmobiles. Keller and two other employees are busy
          working on one of the Otters.


                    What's your gut say about this
                    body?


                    My gut and I don't talk anymore.

          They continue, after a beat --

                                  CARRIE 
                    I saw your boxes packed up. What
                    was all that BS last month about,
                    "I'm never going back -- I'll die
                    here. Scatter my ashes over the
                    pole"?

          He takes a beat --


                    People change, Carrie.


                    Not you.

          Beat.









                       I got a card from my Granddaughter
                       inviting me to her fifth birthday
                       party. You know, I've never even
                       met her.


                       Or mentioned her. A grandchild?
                       Doc, that's great.


                       It got me thinking -- I need to be
                       a better Grandfather, than I was a
                       father. It's time I deal with my
                       life. I've been down here a lot
                       longer than I probably should
                       have.

          They arrive at one of the Otters.

          BYRON DELFY, a baby-faced, African American pilot leans
          out the plane's door.


                       You Delfy?


                       Yes, ma'am.


                       Where the hell they get these
                       thumb-suckers?

          Delfy smiles graciously.


                       Brooklyn. And unless your
                       wrinkled ass has a heart attack on
                       my plane, I think we'll be all
                       right.

          Delfy disappears back into the plane.    Doc looks to
          Carrie.


                       -- I want Keller. He's my pilot.

                       Keller, get over here!


                       Delfy's taking us, Doc. He's the
                       one who saw the body. C'mon,
                       you'll be fine. I'll even hold
                       your hand if you want.





          She ushers him in.






          The plane soars through a cloudless sky, the sun
          sparkling brilliantly on the endless ice sheet below.

          Carrie's in the copilot's seat, wrapped up tight in her
          ECW, just trying to stay warm. Delfy's at the controls.
          Doc's in the back.


                    What were you doing out there?


                    I went to evac a camp. Had to fly
                    off route to get around a storm.
                    Got down low to avoid some
                    turbulence, and there it was.

          Carrie notices a picture of a young boy, around seven,
          wearing a Yankees cap dangling from the instrument panel.
          It's framed in popsicle sticks with I LOVE YOU DADDY
          written around the perimeter.


                    That your son?

          He lights up.


                    Yeah, name's Nathan.


                    He's cute.   Has your eyes.


                    Lucky he got his momma's brain.
                    Kid's smart.


                    So why aren't you with him?


                    The bonus pay. Trying to buy a
                    house. Give my boy a yard. His
                    own room. Stuff I never had.

          He looks at Carrie, all bundled up.







                                     DELFY 
                       Don't like the cold, huh?


                       Hate it.


                       Then why are you down here?

          Carrie's eyes drift out the window --


                       We all make stupid mistakes.

          Delfy tips the nose of the plane down. The ice below is
          broken by jagged hills and yawning crevasses.


                       It's right up here.

          He spirals down among the icy hills, visibility is poor.
          Heavy turbulence suddenly jars the plane sideways --
          Delfy laughs at Doc's nervous reaction.

                                     DELFY 
                       I don't carry extra panties Doc,
                       so keep it tight.

                       There it is.

          He banks the plane and slips down into a valley.

                                        DELFY 
                       Three o'clock.


                       Yeah. Got it.      It's a popsicle
                       alright.

          Down below is the body sprawled on the icy ground next to
          the crevice.

                                      CARRIE 
                       Red jacket.   He's American.




          The Twin Otter is in the distant background. Carrie, Doc
          and Delfy, who has a gear bag slung over his shoulder,
          weave their way around huge ice boulders -- skirt small
          crevasses. Mid-conversation...








                       ... It's always different when
                       they freeze. Some curl up. Some
                       stretch out. Some tear their
                       clothes off. They get delirious.
                       What was that guy's name?


                       Linger.


                       Yeah. He's lost in a storm. We
                       can't find him, but we hear him on
                       the radio going on and on about
                       the Serengeti heat and his wife,
                       Janet. Next day, we find him
                       frozen solid, wearing nothing but
                       his bunny boots.

          Delfy stops.    Grimaces.    Drops the gear bag.


                       Jesus.

          The CORPSE is just ahead -- a frozen display of death.

          They all stare at it - the body in unnatural angles, the
          spiderweb of frozen blood. Delfy looks nauseous.


                       Never seen a dead guy?

          Delfy slowly shakes his head, no.

          Carrie moves up to it. Takes a look down the deep
          crevice four feet away. Can't see the bottom. She walks
          around to get a look at the face. Blanches slightly.

                                     DOC 
                       You know him --


                       So do you. Think his name's
                       Weiss. We Wintered-over last year
                       with him. Played cards a couple
                       of times.


                       The guy who cheated?


                       Yeah.    Geologist, I think.

          Doc takes a look.






                    Damn --

          Carrie pulls out a DIGITAL CAMERA from a pocket.     Shoots
          a couple of pics.

          Doc takes a look up behind them. The ice steepens
          sharply to a vast plateau, scattered with jagged boulders
          of ice.

                                  DOC 
                    Looks like he fell from up there.

          Carrie pauses with her camera, looks up -- doesn't seem
          as convinced.


                    Then where's his crampons -- his
                    gear?

          Doc looks around -- she's right.


                    Maybe down the crevasse?


                    Yeah, maybe --

          Carrie glances to Delfy.

                                  CARRIE 
                    What's the closest camp?


                    Brits -- about eighty miles west.


                    
                    What the hell where you doing all
                    the way out here?

          Doc reaches down and tries to move the body -- doesn't
          budge -- frozen solid into the ice.


                    Ah Christ -- he's a sticker.

          Carrie unzips the gear bag.      Digs out ice two axes.










          A pile of chopped ice is off to the side of corpse.
          Delfy, who looks very uneasy about all this, grabs the
          feet as Carrie and Doc each grab an arm.


                    You going to be alright?


                    No -- this is the kind of stuff
                    that scars you for life.

          They all strain to lift the body from the frozen ground.


                    Gonna give myself a Goddamn
                    hernia.

          They keep pulling and -- SNAP! The arm Doc is holding
          BREAKS OFF at the elbow. Lands on his ass.

          Delfy turns away and pukes.


                    Oh yeah -- I'm really going to
                    miss this place.






          is peering down at them from the top of an ice cliff.

          Widen to see A MAN wearing a white camouflage parka.
          Lowers the binoculars. Goggles shield his eyes. He
          moves on.






          LOUD MUSIC. A party is in progress. People are
          mingling, some have drinks, others dance.

          The VOLUME of the music dies, replaced by a repetitive
          SQUEAKING NOISE emanating through the silence.

          People stop what they're doing, and focus on where the
          noise is coming from, which is --






          -- Doc and Carrie ushering a pushcart with Weiss'
          contorted, frozen body through the middle of the party.
          His dismembered arm rests across his chest.

          The festive mood evaporates quickly as all eyes stay
          glued to the horrific state of Weiss' body.

          Just as they pass OPERATIONS, Rhonda steps out with the
          Brazilian and French Newbies at her side to see what's
          going on. Her eyes immediately go to Weiss, then shift
          to meet Carrie's. Before she can say anything --


                       Who manages the Post Stations?


                       Dinkle.   Howard Dinkle.

          Doc and Carrie keep moving. Everyone else just keeps
          silent and watching. Squeaky wheel fades.





                       One - two - three...

          THUMP! Carrie and Doc set Weiss' body onto the
          examination table.

                                     CARRIE 
                       How long to thaw him out?


                       Carrie, let's just bag him and put
                       him on a plane to McMurdo.

          She moves over to a sink and gets a cup of steaming hot
          water from a tap.


                       It bothers me no one's reported
                       him missing yet.


                       Because maybe no one thinks he is.


                       How'd he get out there?    There
                       were no tracks.


                       Sounds to me like you and your gut
                       are talking again.





          Carrie returns with the water.   Goes to pour it on the
          zipper, but Doc gently puts his hand on hers, stopping
          her.

                                     DOC 
                       Let's ask ourselves if we really
                       need to do this.

          They share a moment, Carrie understanding, but --


                       Nobody wants to get out of here
                       more than I do, trust me, but
                       right now -- we're all this guy
                       has.

          She slides her hand away from his -- starts pouring the
          water on the zipper.






          Little by little, it starts to move -- then finally,
          ZIIIIIIIIIIP. The jacket opens up, barely -- like sliced
          skin.

          Doc watches as she tries to pry it open further, but
          can't.


                       Grab that side.

          She takes one half, he the other, and begin to pull. The
          jacket opens up, like bending metal -- slowly revealing a
          frozen, but extremely bloodsoaked chest area surrounding
          A DEEP PUNCTURE WOUND through the shirt.

          Doc's face sags.    Carrie stares at the wound.



          CARRIE'S MEMORY HIT: The well defined chest of a man
          wearing a tight T-shirt. A BULLET HOLE dead center.



          Doc looks at Carrie with deep concern -- he's tuned in.


                       Stirring up a few things?








                       ...I'll be alright.

          Both take a moment looking at the body.


                       You know, this means a Federal
                       Investigation, and we're
                       witnesses. We may get stuck here.


                       I know.

          Doc looks to Carrie, gentle, like a dad would his
          daughter.


                       We both want to do the right thing
                       Carrie -- but we also need to get
                       off the ice. Right now we don't
                       have to say a word. When they
                       find something later -- hey, we
                       didn't know. We were leaving, the
                       body was frozen, we didn't have
                       time to examine it. No one gets
                       murdered in Antarctica. Think
                       about it. Dead is dead.

          He eyes her pleadingly.


                       Exactly, this is the first murder
                       in Antarctica, Doc -- and I can't
                       just pretend it didn't happen.

                       I'm sorry.


                       Why did I know you were going to
                       say that?




          Carrie steps out into the hallway. Takes a moment,
          leaning against the wall, this whole thing wearing on her
          more than she's revealed. She tilts her head back. The
          second it hits the wall --












          Carrie's beat to shit, soul weary. She's on her knees,
          full of blood. A man is on the floor between two beds
          before her. She holds her gun at her side. He's dead.



          Carrie refocuses.   Pulls away from the wall.    Leaves the
          memory behind.






          Carrie has a NEXTEL phone/walkie to her ear, making her
          way up the corridor. Moves past a couple of guys loading
          a dolly with boxes from an adjacent room.


                     What camp was he with?


                     I'm on my way to find out.


                     This is all I need right now.


                     I'm sure his family's thinking the
                     same thing.


                     That's not what I meant.

                     I'll contact the FBI -- see how
                     they want to handle this.

          She hangs up. Approaches a closed door.      Name plate on
          it reads Dinkle -- SUB-STATIONS MANAGER.

          O.C. MOANING and GROANING -- great sex. Carrie rolls her
          eyes. Knocks on the door. No one answers. Moaning
          continues. She doesn't have time for this. Opens the
          door to see --

          -- a large TV playing a locker-room porno where a
          quarterback with no pants is giving it to a cheerleader
          with no top. Half a dozen guys, oblivious to Carrie
          standing there, CHEER the action.








                       I hate interrupting educational
                       programming, but --

          The CHEERING dies as everyone turns to see Carrie
          standing behind them. Only fake PORNO MOANING remains.

                                     CARRIE 
                       I need to talk to Dinkle.

          Everyone gets up, thrilled for an excuse to leave.       One
          of them nods to Carrie on the way out.


                       Marshal.


                       Chaplain.

          Carrie flips a nearby wall switch. Lights kick on.
          Small room. English flag. There's a Beckham poster and
          an 8x10 framed photo, turned backwards, hanging on one
          wall. A large map of Antarctica on another.

          A proud assortment of tea bags are uniformly lined up
          along a shelf.

          One guy remains. HOWARD DINKLE.        Thirties.   English.
          Bearded. On the heavy side.


                       Am I in some kind of trouble?

          As he crosses to her, he flips the 8x10 framed photo back
          around -- it's of THE QUEEN MOTHER.




          A FILE FOLDER drops into frame onto a desktop, which is a
          map of Antarctica, under glass. File reads: DELTA ONE


          Widen.   Carrie opens it.

          Three photos are stapled inside. One is of Weiss, the
          other two have names written under them -- RUBIN and
          MOONEY. Mooney is a runty looking guy with a mop of
          blond hair. Rubin is a skinny, thin faced young guy with
          a beard that hasn't filled in yet.


                       What are they doing out there?







                       Collecting meteorites.

                       One One has an extremely old
                       surface with low sediment
                       deposition.


                       English, please.


                       Means it's a good place to look
                       for meteorites.

                       It's right here.

          Dinkle points to a location on the map.       Delta One One is
          labeled. Boasts an American Flag.


                       I don't get it -- Weiss was no
                       where near Delta One One.

          She looks at Dinkle.

                                     CARRIE 
                       When are they scheduled for evac?


                       One sec --

          He refers to a RADIO LOG SHEET hanging off the corner of
          his desk. Gets uneasy -- can't find what he's looking
          for.

          Finally --

                                     DINKLE 
                       ...They haven't arranged a pickup
                       yet.


                       Isn't that a little unusual this
                       close to Winter-over?

          He hates to say it, but --


                       Yes, it is. Really unusual,
                       actually.

                       I guess I should've contacted
                       them, but --







                    -- You've been a little busy.
                    Yeah, I can see that.

          She moves over to a LONG RANGE RADIO CONSOLE tucked up
          against a wall.

                                  CARRIE 
                    What's their frequency?


                    Seventeen.

          Carrie spins a dial to 17.    Keys the microphone, drawing
          it to her face.


                         
                    Delta One One, this is United
                    States Marshall Carrie Stetko,
                    come back, over.

          Static crackles.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Delta One One, I repeat, this is
                    United States Marshal Stetko, come
                    in, over.

          The dull constant static never wavers.

          She puts down the mic.   Thinks for a moment.

          Suddenly, Carrie's NEXTEL RINGS -- takes it off her belt.

                                     CARRIE 
                    Stetko.


                    Marshal, it's Jamie. I've got
                    some guy holding from Vostok who
                    won't give his name, says he has
                    to talk to you.


                    Vostok?

                    Patch it through.


                    You're on now.









                    This is Marshal Stetko, who's
                    this?


                    John Mooney.

          She's thrown.


                    Mooney?


                    You know who I am?

          Carrie's eyes shift to his picture on the desk.


                    What happened out there, Mooney?


                    You come to Vostok and we'll talk.
                    Only you.


                    Where's Rubin?


                    Come to Vostok.






          Carrie is moving at a quick pace. Passes the open door
          to the clinic. Sees Doc looking through some boxes, a
          glass of Scotch in hand. She stops. Backs up.


                    Getting drunk already?


                    Just gearing my liver up in case I
                    have to stay the next six months.


                    Murphy's contacting the Feds.

          He looks over to her.    Raises his glass in a somber
          toast.


                    You're making my day.






                       I'll do everything I can to get
                       you off this ice, promise.


                       I know you will.

                       What's the hurry?


                       Going to Vostok.

          He raises a curious brow --

                                     CARRIE 
                       One of the guys from Weiss' team
                       called.   Wants to talk.


                       What's he doing in Russia?




          Carrie walks in. Rhonda has a phone to one ear, another
          in her hand. Looks stressed. She's hovering over one of
          the Techs who is sitting before a computer screen
          displaying Satellite Weather Imagery -- think Doppler.
          His focus is on a VAST STORM SYSTEM that is heading
          toward ASB, which is marked in RED NEON. Other stations
          are marked as well.


                       We're tracking it now.


                       I need a plane to Vostok.

          Rhonda raises her finger -- putting her on hold.      Carrie
          doesn't like it.


                            
                       I don't control the weather -- you
                       want to stay the winter, then
                       don't be ready for your evac.

          She looks to Carrie --

                                       RHONDA 
                       Sorry, can't.    All the planes are
                       committed.








                       I'm not asking.


                       What am I supposed to tell the
                       deep drill ice core team getting
                       picked up in four and a half?


                       Tell them I took their plane.

          Carrie spins.    Leaves.






          Squat Soviet-ugly buildings, some collapsing, others with
          boarded up windows, are barely visible through the
          driving ice.

          STORM LINES of different colors interconnect all the
          buildings.

          Carrie and Delfy, wearing full ECW gear, lean hard into
          the wind, making their way towards the compound. She's
          carrying a duffle bag. Can barely see the Twin Otter
          behind them.



          SUPER: Vostok Station 
          Population: 46                Temperature: -73°




          Carrie leads the way up a decrepit, dimly-lit hall strung
          with exposed pipes and wiring.

          Gaunt, malnourished faces look up from the rooms they
          pass. All stare. Silently. Looks more like death row.



                       What's with this place?


                       The Russians barely supply Vostok
                       anymore. They have to barter with
                       other bases for supplies. Some of
                       these guys have been rotting here
                       for years.








          Carrie enters a grungy operations room that never made it
          out of the 70's: ancient computers and steel-cased radios
          fill one wall.

          One man welds equipment off to the side. Four more
          Russians sit at a table playing cards and drinking Vodka.

          They all take their time looking her over.


                    Who's in charge?

          YURI, a big bear of a man in his forties, gets up from
          the table. Huge arms. Scruffy face. Bloodshot eyes.


                         
                    Who's asking?


                    Stetko, US Marshal. I'm here to
                    talk to an American named Mooney.

          Yuri smiles.


                    So many people come through
                    Vostok. Is hard to remember.


                    I figured.

          Carrie hoists her duffel bag on the table and unzips it.

          Yuri pulls it open. It's packed with steaks. The
          Russians react with smiles and the mood lightens. Yuri's
          grin widens further. Takes out a porno -- there's a
          Cheerleader on the cover.


                    Mister Mooney, yes. I remember
                    now. He offers pay us to fly him
                    off Antarctica on our transport.
                    We give him very good price -
                    because plane leaves a week ago!

          The Russians laugh.


                    Where is he?







                       Red storm line.




          Carrie is suiting up in her ECW gear, rope harness and
          crampons. Her jacket's open. Delfy has a steaming cup
          of coffee in his hand. He looks to her gear belt; cuffs,
          pepper spray, baton...


                       You don't carry a gun?


                       Against the law -- Antarctica's
                       the only place in the world you
                       can't have one. Part of the
                       Treaty.


                       Doesn't that make you feel kind of
                       naked?


                       All this crap on -- I prefer
                       naked.

          She zips up her jacket.    He glances to a temp readout by
          the door.


                       Gettin' worse. Minus eighty-one.
                       Wind at a hundred and ten knots.

          He takes a sip from his hot coffee.


                       Do you have to do that in front of
                       me?

          He sees that one of her leg straps on her harness needs
          to be fastened.


                       Give you a hand?


                       Sure.

          Sets down his coffee on a nearby shelf. As he fastens
          it, Carrie pulls on her goggles and a face mask. They
          finish at the same time.







                       Ever been on a rope-line in a
                       whiteout?


                       Nope. Thoughts?


                       Yeah, hold on tight.

          Delfy leaves as Carrie cranks the submarine-type wheel-
          lock in the center of the door.

          WHAM! The door is suddenly yanked from her grasp,
          slamming open against the building. Wind knocks her
          back.

          The storm sings in an even DULL ROAR. A solid white wall
          of wind-driven ice blows past. The light is oddly dim.

          CRACK! The coffee mug Delfy left on the shelf, breaks in
          half, exposing a cylinder of frozen coffee. It rolls
          across the shelf, falls, and shatters on the floor.

          Carrie struggles back to the door and clips a three-foot
          tether from her harnesses to a RED STORM LINE attached to
          the side of the building.

          She steps into the storm.




          Carrie leans into the door, pushing it closed and locking
          the wheel.

          Two steps into the storm, the building behind her is
          gone. Step after step, there's nothing but the guide
          line and the ROAR of the storm.

          A gust of wind lifts her off the ground.     She's caught by
          her tether and smacked down on the ice.

          Slowly regaining her stance, she pushes onward. Finally
          Carrie runs into something. It takes her a moment to
          realize she's at a building.

          She grabs the wheel-lock and turns, breaking ice, opening
          the door.








          Unclipping from the line, she closes the door on the
          HOWLING behind her. Pulls off her mask. Teeth are
          chattering.

          She spins the wheel-lock of the door going out of the
          ready room into the building.






          Carrie hits the lights: nothing. No power. Just a
          sliver of light stabbing in through a window.


                         
                    Mooney? Hello?

          Only silence responds.

          The hallway is long and dark, leading away from her in
          both directions. She draws a flashlight from her pocket.
          Thumbs the switch, sending a beam out through the dark.

          Something doesn't feel right. Slides her baton out from
          her belt. She decides to go left.

          Walking the hall, she tries door after door.   Finally one
          gives.

                                   CARRIE 
                    Mooney?

          She cautiously pushes it open: four stripped bunks in an
          empty room.

          Moves on down the corridor -- hears COUGHING, like
          someone trying to clear their throat.

          Looks ahead, and determines it's coming from behind a
          closed door at the end of the hall.

          It's confirmed when she hears it again.

          Stops at the door.

          She slowly opens it --

          Now she can hear HEAVY, LABORED BREATHING --






          -- Sweeps the inside with her light. It's a large lounge
          type room: scattered chairs, tables, and an overturned
          sofa on the other side -- where the heavy breathing's
          coming from. Another cough.

          She enters the room.




          Inching forward, she gets to the sofa. Looks over it to
          see A BODY -- it's Mooney, lying in a pool of blood.
          Struggling to breathe through a puncture wound to his
          esophagus.


                       ...My God.

          She goes to him. As she kneels, he grabs her, GASPING
          for air, trying to tell her something.

          Carrie catches a REFLECTION OF MOMENT behind her in his
          eyes -- someone's coming at her.

          -- She instinctively rolls back over Mooney just as --
          WHAM! An ICE AXE swings down at her. Just misses her
          head by an inch, but the shaft nails her arm holding the
          baton that goes clattering across the floor.

          The killer, wearing ECW gear with hood and goggles, takes
          another swing. She lunges to the side. Axe misses her,
          but sinks into Mooney. Game over for him.

          Carrie slices the floor with her light, looking for the
          baton, but can't see it.

          The killer yanks his axe free of Mooney as Carrie bolts
          around the sofa, heading back out the door.




          Carrie blows back into the hallway at a full tilt run,
          retracing her steps. Her light zigzags. The killer
          emerges a few beats later on a run. It's going to be
          close.

          Halfway down the hall, she hangs a hard right toward the
          Ready Room. Throws a glance over her shoulder -- he's
          right behind.

          She targets the ready room door -- the orb of her light
          getting smaller and smaller as she nears.






          Gets there.   Doesn't even want to look back -- it's all
          or nothing.   She pulls open the door --




          -- Leaping in, she spins the wheel-lock closed.

          SMACK!   The killer HITS THE DOOR from the other side.

          She SPINS OPEN the outside door wheel-lock, as the lock
          on the INNER DOOR behind her starts SPINNING OPEN at the
          same time. It's a race.

          CARRIE'S door slams open first and the wind hits her
          hard.

          She pulls on her mask and goggles just as the door behind
          her bursts open.




          Carrie jumps into the whiteout, catching the red storm
          line and clipping in as she staggers forward. Glancing
          back, she sees the killer in the doorway, then loses
          sight of him as she's swallowed in the whiteout.

          She struggles down the line, buffeted by the storm, but
          HER HAND ON THE LINE moves erratically -- He's on.

          She swivels a nervous whirl to see -- the Killer
          materializing out of the whiteout right behind her.    He's
          clipped into Carrie's line. He raises the axe.

          He swings. She jumps back, losing her footing. Hits the
          ice hard -- face first. The killer towers over her,
          raising the axe again. Carrie drives her heel into his
          knee, knocking him off balance. He drops next to her.

          He reaches for Carrie, grabbing her mask, pulling it off.
          She cries out as the FREEZING WIND catches her face.

          The killer gets to his feet and delivers a rib-cracking
          kick, flipping Carrie onto her back.

          SOUND FADES from Carrie's world.

          There is nothing but her strained BREATHING.   The killer
          draws back the axe, shiny with frozen blood.   He swings.

          Carrie UNCLIPS her harness from the tether. THE WIND
          grabs her, and Carrie SLIDES AWAY -- the killer
          disappearing from view behind the swirling wall of white.





          Sliding across the ice, Carrie SLAMS into a pole.   Grabs
          on.




          Cinching her hood down, she searches the storm with no
          idea which way to go.

          Carrie glances up the post. Barely visible through the
          blowing ice are signs pointing different directions:
          "Moscow 17,030 Tokyo 13,329 Fiji 7,877 Los Angeles


          She pulls herself up and heads out, leaning into the
          wind. Carrie staggers blindly, trying to protect her
          face. Falling, she gets up, and struggles on.

          Her drunken gait increases as she continues to lose heat.
          A rope catches her in the neck. It's another storm line.




          Carrie lurches forward, holding the line with one arm.

          Finally, she bumps into something. It moves. It turns
          to face her. IT'S THE KILLER AGAIN. He swings. She
          deflects the blow with her free arm, and manages to grab
          the axe head. The killer tears the axe free, taking
          Carrie's glove with it.

          He swings again, but Carrie pulls hard on the rope,
          throwing him off balance.

          The axe cuts through the line. The killer hits the
          ground, and is immediately ushered away in the wind, as
          Carrie, clinging to the rope, slides over the ice like a
          pendulum.

          The line goes tight; she's jerked to a stop. It takes
          everything she's got to get to her feet. She slowly
          struggles up the line.




          More dead than alive, Carrie stumbles against the door
          and grabs the wheel-lock with both hands.

          Unable to bend the frozen fingers of her left hand around
          the wheel, she struggles to turn it. Finally it gives.







          The door swings wide and she stumbles in. But she's
          caught; her bare hand frozen to the metal.

          Ripping it free, her SCREAM is lost to the wind.

          Carrie falls, collapsing against the door.       Blackout






          A single bulb above casts a cone of light down onto
          Carrie, who's leaning against a sink, staring at herself
          in a mirror. She looks stressed. Her Marshal's badge
          dangles around her neck.   Wears a shoulder harness. The
          bathroom door behind her is open.

          She catches a REFLECTION of a shadow moving across the
          room behind her. Body tenses.

          As she turns --


                       Jack?

          No answer.

          She withdraws a 9mm from her harness -- eases toward the
          door.

          Gun ready, she rolls her back around the jam -- WHAM!
          Carrie's blindsided by a fist that drives her into the
          other door jam.

          Before she can recover -- a guy, dark eyes, unshaven,
          grabs her by the hair and runs her head first into the
          bathroom mirror. SMASH. It's brutal. Shards fall into
          the sink, as Carrie's RIGHT TEMPLE goes bloody. She
          drops to the floor --

          CARRIE'S POV - A BLURRY FIGURE stands over top of her.
          She's still got some fight in her -- hands lash out in a
          frenzy, like a cat in water.

                                      CARRIE 
                       Jack!


                       Wo wo wo.   It's okay, it's okay.

          The figure materializes around her.     It's Delfy, holding
          her down.






          Carrie slowly settles, then she's out again.






          She's lying on a table, wrapped in blankets. An old,
          WRINKLED FACED RUSSIAN MAN slowly lowers her wounded hand
          -- pale white and missing some skin, back into a tray of
          water next to her. Her silver ring glistens under the
          florescent lights. A HUGE BRUISE runs across her arm.


                       What happened?


                       When   you didn't come back -- we
                       went   looking for you. Found a
                       dead   guy in the other building --
                       that   Mooney?


                       Yeah. Someone got to him before I
                       did. Then went after me.

                       How long was I out?


                       A couple hours.

          Carrie's eyes drift to the old man next to her.

                                     DELFY 
                       He's been looking after you.

          He flashes a smile of crooked, yellow teeth.


                       Thanks.

          As she starts to sit up, he protests, saying something in
          Russian. She ignores him. He walks away, mumbling
          something else.

          She sits up. Lifts her hand out of the water -- fingers
          are slow moving.

                                     CARRIE 
                       I need to get back in there.








          Delfy and Carrie, with her hand bandaged, both slice the
          dark with flashlights. She's starting to get her
          bearings back.


                    Whoever it was, could have flown
                    out after the storm broke.

          They walk a few silent beats, then --

                                     DELFY 
                    Who's Jack?

          It's a moment before she responds --


                    Let it go, Delfy.

          He lets it go.



          Same as before. Carrie goes to the over-turned sofa.
          Moves her light around -- searching. Passes over the
          blood on the floor.


                    Until I met you, I hadn't seen any
                    dead people. Now I'm at two.

          Carrie gets on her knees -- looks under the sofa.
          Low angles her light. Something reflects.    Reaches in.
          Retrieves her baton --




          Just as Carrie and Delfy leave the lounge, her perifocal
          vision picks up a wisp of light from a flashlight, which
          bled out from a door's threshold halfway down the hall.

          Delfy's eyes go wide -- Carrie's finger goes to her mouth
          - Shhhhh.

          She instinctively pulls her baton with her left hand, but
          it hurts. She shifts it to the other.

          She turns off her light.    Delphy does the same.   Motions
          for him to stay put.






          She heads to the source, keeping her baton ready and her
          back tight to the wall.

          Gets to the edge of the door.      It's open just slightly --
          looks in.

          Sees a man in an ECW jacket with his back to her, holding
          a flashlight in one hand and digging through a duffle bag
          with his other. Items are strewn. Another bag has been
          completely turned inside out.

          She enters.    Baton cocked.


                       Unless you want your head cracked,
                       I wouldn't move.

          His body tenses.


                       Take it easy.


                       -- Let me see your hands.

          He slowly raises them.

                                     CARRIE 
                       Now turn around.

          He does. He's a guy in his 30's. Although he's clean
          shaven, there's a rugged edge about him.

                                       CARRIE 
                       Who are you?
          Delfy comes up behind her.


                       Robert Pryce. I'm a United
                       Nations observer for the Oceanic
                       and Antarctic section. If you
                       relax, I've got my ID.


                       Let's see it -- slowly.

          As he reaches into his liner --


                       You must be Stetko --

          This throws her.






                                     PRYCE 
                       I was heading to ASB to talk to
                       you about Weiss when I was told
                       you had come up here.

          He holds out his ID for her.       As she reads --


                       How do you know about Weiss?


                       FBI notified us. Your base
                       commander called it in.

          Carrie lowers her baton.    He stands.

                                     PRYCE 
                       I thought I might find answers in
                       his gear, but there's nothing here
                       but clothes.


                       This is part of a crime scene.


                       I realize that, but considering
                       the time constraints we're up
                       against, let's be honest, taping
                       and bagging everything isn't going
                       to be an option.


                       I'll be sure to let the U.N. know
                       if I find out anything.

          She starts to walk away -- he follows, he's not done at
          all. Delfy brings up the rear.


                       You heading out to Delta One One?


                       Maybe.


                       I'll grab my bag.

          She stops.


                       Don't take this personally, but I
                       don't need your help.








                    If they've been digging out there,
                    that's a direct violation of the
                    United Nations treaty. We think
                    they were digging. That makes it
                    my business.

          This stops her -- digging?


                    You don't dig for meteorites.


                    And you don't get killed for them
                    either. This is now a U.N.
                    matter. I am within my rights to
                    commandeer your pilot and plane if
                    I have to.


                    He can, you know.

          She knows and her patience is running thin.


                    Fine. But this is my
                    investigation, understand? If you
                    obstruct it in any way, I will
                    have you detained.

          She continues with Pryce next to her.


                    Fine.

                    Mind if I ask you a personal
                    question?


                    No, but I have the feeling you're
                    going to anyway.


                    Why do you smell like suntan
                    lotion?






          Carrie and Delfy are heading toward the Ready Room. She
          has her phone to her ear. Two Russians trail behind with
          Mooney in a bodybag.






                       Murphy, listen to me, it's got to
                       be Rubin who tried to kill me.
                       You have to shut down flights
                       leaving ASB and McMurdo -- search
                       for him.


                       That's not possible. We're still
                       bringing people in and resupplying
                       other bases for Winter-over.

          She thinks about it --


                       Sam, I think these guys found
                       something out there at the camp.
                       I'm going to check it out. Until
                       I find Rubin, no one leaves the
                       ice. Not yet.

          She clicks off.

          Carrie opens the door to the ready room to find Pryce
          standing there with a gear bag -- typing into a PDA (Treo
          type).


                       We ready?


                       Guess so.

          He finishes entering his text into the PDA.       Sends.   Puts
          it away.






          Delphy flies the plane over a labyrinth of deep, blue
          crevices.




          Delfy's Twin Otter has landed beside the camp. There are
          TWO BIG TENTS and some scattered equipment - a SNOWCAT, a
          CHEST of TOOLS, DRUMS of GASOLINE.

          The sky is dark with clouds and the wind MOANS.      A haze
          of wind-driven snow whips by.






          Carrie, Pryce and Delfy climb out from the plane and make
          their way toward the tents. Place looks deserted.


                       What time is it?

          Pryce glances to a watch strapped to the outside of his
          jacket.


                       Two thirty.


                       A.M. or P.M.?





                       Wonderful.
                       
                       I'll take this one.

          She moves toward tent one, Pryce the other.




          Carrie peers in. It's too dark to see anything. She
          goes to pull out her flashlight with her left hand --
          stops herself. Reaches in with her right, extracts it
          from her pocket. Turns it on.




          Her FLASHLIGHT BEAM plays over a litter of personal
          effects, then picks up a TRAIL OF BLOOD leading to a cot
          between two others. Someone is huddled in a yellow
          sleeping bag on it. Her body tightens.


                       Rubin?

          She steps into the tent. Moves to the cot. There's a
          pool of blood underneath. Her heart pounds. She uses
          her flashlight, touches the sleeping bag. It doesn't
          move. She pulls at it...

          ...and discovers A PAIR OF ECW PANTS -- the LEFT LEG is
          soaked in blood.   No corpse.

          She steadies her breathing.      She pulls out a small baggie
          from her pocket.




          Uses the end of the flashlight to chip away a frozen
          blood sample from the pant leg. Puts it in the baggie.

          Takes out her camera next.       Starts snapping.   Flash goes
          off.




          Carrie enters with Delfy. Place is lit by a single dim
          bulb. This is a work space; two tables, instruments on
          top. Sample containers piled everywhere. Numerous
          photos of meteorites are stuck to a board.

          She finds Pryce reading the crew's DAILY LOG.


                       Anything?


                       Someone's left leg took a hit,
                       lost a lot of blood. What do you
                       got?


                       Their daily work log.

          Delfy's drawn to a BIZARRE LOOKING PIECE OF EQUIPMENT;
          it's a red box on wheels with a handle like a lawn mower.
          A circular antennae sprouts from the front of the box.


                       Looks like my dad's old lawn
                       mower.


                       It's ground penetrating radar.

          Carrie moves over to a table with a MAP SPREAD OUT ON
          TOP. The ice field is marked off into sections.


                       Looks like they were surveying
                       sections at a time.


                       Areas labeled?


                       Yeah --

          He's flipping back and forth through the pages --









                       At Sections 101 and 102, they
                       spent one day.

          Carrie finds them on the map.

                                       PRYCE 
                       103 two days.

          Carrie finds it.

                                     PRYCE 
                       104 -- seven days. That was a
                       month ago.

          They look at each other. Carrie finds it on the map as
          Pryce moves up next to her.


                       Looks like they hit some really
                       big meteors.


                       How far?


                       About four miles.


                       Let's go see what they found.


                       I want to check something out
                       first.




          Carrie has Mooney's bodybag unzipped and is examining his
          left leg. No cuts. No blood. She thinks on this non-
          discovery for a moment, then zips it back up.






          The CAT'S tracks CLANK and CRUNCH as it powers across the
          featureless ice - the loneliest place on earth.









          Pryce is in the backseat, Delfy is driving. Carrie is
          next to him with the map and her GPS in hand. She stares
          at a tiny blinking red light on the GPS --






          FLASHING POLICE REDS reflect off the glass of the front
          doors of a hotel. Several squad cars are nosed up to the
          entrance.

          Patrons and bystanders are perched in various locations,
          watching as A HANDCUFFED Carrie is escorted outside by
          two uniformed officers. Her eyes are full of tears.

          She's put into the backseat of one of the cars. As the
          door closes, she stares out the window where Coroners are
          loading a body under a sheet into the back of their
          truck.






          Delfy's looking at Carrie like he's waiting for an
          answer.


                       I said "which way?"

          She glances to the GPS.


                       North.

          Pryce sees Carrie pause for a moment, massaging her
          gloved left hand.


                       Hurt?


                       Yeah, a little.

          He can see it aches more than she's letting on.


                       How long have you been down here,
                       Marshal?








                       Almost two years.


                       What brought you to the ice?

          She pauses, humored.



                       The excitement, mostly.


                       Everyone down here is running away
                       from something.


                       Some shrink tell you that?


                       Yeah, and that I should call my
                       mother more often


                       And do you?


                       Every Sunday.


                       Where do you plant your boots?


                       They got me working out of
                       Christchurch, New Zealand.
                       Beautiful country. But this --
                       crazy place to make a living.

          She takes a moment, gazing out the window to the endless
          landscape of white.


                       I came down to fill in for a
                       Marshal for six weeks before
                       Winter-over. I met someone,
                       decided to stay.


                       He give you that ring I saw? Tell
                       you he was going to marry you?


                       No -- just gave me a headache.






                                  CARRIE 
                    I didn't see a ring on your
                    finger.


                    Flattered that you even looked.

          A faint beeping noise emanates from her GPS.


                    This is it.

          All eyes go ahead as they drive on.   Looking.   Nothing
          but an icy plateau.

          After a couple of beats --

                                   CARRIE 
                    Stop.


                    There's nothing here.


                    Just stop.

          Delfy pulls to a stop.   They exit the cat.




          All three get cold-cocked by an invisible wind.      Carrie
          steps away from the Cat. Pryce does too.

          Her eyes scan the ice with cool appraisal.    It's
          completely flat. Desert like.


                    You sure this is right?


                    Section 104.   These are the
                    coordinates.


                    Maybe you wrote them down wrong.

          Carrie ignores him. Walks further away from the cat.
          Ice CRUNCHES UNDER HER FEET as she keeps looking -- then,
          she stops. Something's not right. Looks DOWN.

          Kneels to the ice. Scoops some up. Checks it out.
          Perplexed. Pryce approaches from behind.


                    This is shaved ice.





          She gets to her feet. Walks further -- her eyes now
          paying close attention to the texture of the ice. After
          a dozen steps, texture changes. Ice is now smooth --
          like it's supposed to be.

          She turns around.   Tries to get the bigger picture.
          Looks at the ground all around her. Realizes a large
          area has been blanketed with shaved pieces of ice a few
          inches thick --

                                     CARRIE 
                       They were digging, Pryce. And
                       they tries to spread the ice to
                       hide it.

          She heads back across the area.       Scans the horizon.
          Takes another step forward.

          WHOOSH! In an instant, Carrie's gone! DISAPPEARS below
          the ice. Only a four foot wide hole remains, that was
          covered up with a white, iced-over tarp.

          Pryce and Delfy move toward her -- each hesitating
          slightly, unsure of their own footing.

          Pryce gets to the hole. Looks down. Carrie is
          precariously dangling in an ICE SHAFT that slopes at a
          slight angle. She's managed to grasp a protruding piece
          of ice, but she's fighting the pain in her left hand to
          hold on. It slips off. Below her -- nothing but
          darkness.

                                       CARRIE 
                       Grab me!

          Pryce lays flat. Reaches his hand down -- six inches too
          short. Delfy appears from behind.


                       
                       Hold my legs!

          Delfy does.    Pryce inches closer.


                       I'm slipping!


                       Almost got you.


                       I'm losing my grip.







          He gets closer.   Closer.    Moves to within an inch from
          hers --

          -- She SLIPS.    Falls away.   Things become silent.


                    Carrie?    Can you hear me?

          Delfy peers over Pryce's shoulder into the abyss.



                    Marshal?


                    ...I'm okay.


                    Saw a rope in the Cat.

          Delfy springs to his feet.




          Darkness. A flashlight clicks on. Reflects off a wall
          of ice with a frozen blood trail leading up. Carrie gets
          to her feet. Sees that she's in a small dug out area.

          As she slowly turns to get her bearings, her light falls
          on an ESCAPE HATCH of some kind, maybe three feet high.

          Carrie shines the light to her feet.        The ground beneath
          her is metal.




          Pryce, with a flashlight in hand, lowers himself down a
          rope to the bottom of the shaft where Carrie waits.
          Delfy follows. Both take in the discovery.

          Carrie moves over to the hatch. Pulls on it. Opens
          easily. She and Pryce hit the interior with their
          lights. Find themselves staring into...AN AIRPLANE!




          Off their lights -- every surface scintillates with ice
          crystals from the frozen atmosphere, undisturbed except
          for recent tracks of footprints filing in and out -- they
          go forward and aft, disappearing into darkness. Place is
          tomb silent.




          Twisted, and strewn with large containers scattered at
          odd angles -- victims of an intense IMPACT. The plane is
          pitched up at the nose, making their footing precarious.


                       Cargo plane, but I don't recognize
                       it.


                       It's an Antanov-74. Russian made -
                       - late fifties. No one's put
                       these in the air for forty years.

          Carrie shuffles her way forward into the darkness,
          heading for the cockpit.

          Something BRUSHES her leg. She spins. Shines her light -
          - which illuminates a HAND, fingers in a clawed position -
          - as if in excruciating pain. She whips her light past
          the hand, up the arm -- captures the FACE of a man
          staring at her! It takes a moment to realize -- he's
          dead, pinned between two large metal crates.

          Delfy stands still. Staring.           Carrie throws a look back
          over her shoulder --


                       Guess that makes three.

          She continues on with Delfy staying close.         Her light
          targets the cockpit door. It's closed.




          Carrie pushes the door open.

          The beam of her light reveals frozen blood SPLATTERED
          across a SHATTERED WINDSHIELD -- chunks of ice protruding
          through it.

          Continues over three dead men in flight suits still
          strapped into seats, their broken bodies and ghastly
          expressions perfectly preserved. Each have a sidearm
          holstered around their waist.


                       This isn't funny --

          She looks back to Delfy -- gets confused.


                       Where's Pryce?








          Trailing her beam of light, Carrie and Delfy climb
          through a thick wall of nylon webbing. Enter a cluttered
          cargo area.

          Ransacked Antarctic gear is strewn everywhere in a tangle
          of ropes and crampons, old ECW gear, and boxes of
          supplies.

          Dipping into a case of bottles, Delfy pulls one free,
          sniffs, and drinks.


                    What is that?

          Delfy grins.


                    Vodka.

          Carrie continues through the hold. Her FLASHLIGHT BEAM
          flickers over more chaos of the crash. HUGE STEEL TANKS


          Spots Pryce's flashlight holding on something just ahead.

          Moves to it.



                    Find what you're looking for?

          Her light hits Pryce, who is focused on a HEAVY STEEL
          CAGE WELDED INTO THE AIRFRAME. Incredibly strong. And
          inside it is a STEEL SAFE. Door is open.

          Pryce takes a beat -- turns to she and Delfy.


                    Just answers.

                    Those are fuel tanks behind you.
                    This plane was outfitted for long
                    range capabilities.


                    And by the looks of that safe,
                    must've been transporting
                    something pretty important.

          Carrie moves in closer.   Sees that the cage has been
          breached.




          Part of it has been damaged by the crash and this
          weakness has been ruthlessly attacked by the previous
          intruders until they forced an opening. Discarded tools
          litter the floor.


                       They put some serious work into
                       this.

          There's a pool of frozen blood near the opening -- where
          one of the torn, jagged bars of the steel cage is covered
          in blood --


                       Whoever got hurt, they dragged him
                       out of here. There's blood all
                       over the tunnel.

          She uses her light to examine the interior of the safe
          more closely -- the frost on the shelves exposes SIX
          ROUND RUST RINGS where containers have been removed.
          Each one roughly measuring a foot tall, four inches wide.

          The PLANE SUDDENLY TREMBLES.

                                       CARRIE 
                       What is that?

          The muffled ROAR of a diesel.


                       It's the Cat!

          CRASH! -- the unmistakable sound of FALLING ICE.


                       Go!

          CRASHCRASHCRASH!    More ICE.

          They scramble back through the darkness, the flashlight
          beams swinging wildly about the hold.

          MORE ICE FALLS. It's getting louder as they're getting
          closer to the source.

          Carrie targets ahead with her light -- illuminates the
          hatch as A LOAD OF ICE DROPS IN covering it completely.
          Light fades.


                       Sonofabitch!

          The continual sound of falling ice grows MUFFLED and






          Carrie and Pryce both pull out their phones.


                    No signal, you?

          Shakes his head no.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Someone followed us.




          CHIPCHIPCHIP!    Ice is flying.

          Things are desperate as a single flashlight beam propped
          up on a crate, illuminates Carrie, Delfy and Pryce hard
          at it -- frantically chopping away at the ice filled
          hatch with pieces of scrap metal from the plane. Efforts
          are big-- but the progress minimal.


                    This isn't going to work, it's
                    like digging through concrete with
                    a spoon.

                    We're going to suffocate before we
                    get out here.


                    How long do you figure we've got?


                    Three of us down here -- 12, 15
                    hours at the most.

          Delfy looks at him with the intensity of a trapped
          animal.


                    No way. I'm not going out like
                    this. No way.

          The light from the flashlight slowly begins to fade.
          Carrie goes over to the crate, slaps it against her leg,
          trying to get more juice going. Still fading. Light
          goes out --

          -- Screen goes black. Can't see a thing. A second
          later, ANOTHER LIGHT KICKS ON -- Pryce is holding it.
          Hands it over to Carrie --








                                     DELFY 
                       And when that one goes -- we're
                       screwed.

          Carries mind whirls with her lack of options, then --


                       What about the Vodka -- we could
                       make some torches, maybe melt the
                       ice?


                       Fire will burn the O2 quicker.


                       What choice do we have?

          Pryce knows she's right.

          Delfy looks to them both.    Desperate.


                       Don't need my vote.

          Pryce heads to the back, his body becoming barely visible
          in the dissipating range of light.

          Carrie takes a six-inch, pearl handled Buck knife from a
          pocket, unfolds it-- starts cutting the liner of her
          coat.

          Delfy moves to a nearby wooden crate. Goes to lift it,
          but it's frozen to the floor. Stomps on it. It breaks.
          Pulls pieces from the siding for torch sticks.

          Pryce comes back with a couple bottles.       Stops dead in
          his tracks.

          Carrie looks over to see him staring at two LIFE JACKETS
          attached to the wall near the hatch. He's thinking.

          He moves to Carrie --


                       Hold these.

          He exchanges the bottles for her flashlight.

          He shines the light to the ceiling as he heads toward the
          back, leaving Carrie and Delfy getting swallowed in the
          dark.


                       What're you doing?






                    All these planes used to have bail-
                    out hatches.


                    We came in through it.

          Pryce goes back into the cargo area.


                    Has to be more than one.


                    It'd be on the ceiling in case of
                    an ocean landing.

          Carrie watches Pryce's flashlight moving about in the
          cargo area of the aircraft.


                    Found it!

          Carrie and Delfy get to Pryce. They follow his beam
          straight up to expose an ESCAPE HATCH in the roof of the
          fuselage.

                                  PRYCE 
                    With the angle of the plane, I
                    don't think we're that far from
                    the surface. Give me a hand.

          Pryce moves to a large crate -- starts to push it over.
          They join, sliding it over below the hatch.

          He jumps up onto it -- examines the hatch area.

                                  PRYCE 
                    These are explosive bolts. If we
                    blow the hatch, maybe it'll smash
                    a hole up through the ice.


                    Or, if the ice is too thick the
                    blast will come right back at us.


                    We can be blown up, suffocate or
                    freeze to death. Take your pick.

          Pryce hands Carrie the flashlight. She targets the hatch
          area as he opens an electrical panel beside it; a
          crisscrossing maze of wires.







          As he reaches up to examine the wiring, Carrie catches a
          GLIMPSE of a SHOULDER HARNESS under his liner.

                                  PRYCE 
                    This could work -- give me the
                    battery from your phone.

          As he looks down, Carrie masks her discovery.   Hands over
          her phone. He extracts the BATTERY.

                                  PRYCE 
                    When I connect these two wires,
                    hopefully there's going to be a
                    big bang. May want to take some
                    cover.

          Pryce is nervous himself as he places one selected wire
          onto the battery, and prepares for another.

          He looks to Carrie and Pryce who have backed up against
          the fuselage.

                                  PRYCE 
                    You guys ready?

          Delfy nods.

          Carrie is still running that shoulder holster through her
          head.

          Pryce touches the last wire to the battery.   Nothing
          happens. Hope freezes.

          Pryce tries again --

          -- KA-BOOM! The hatch EXPLODES INWARD, ricocheting
          around the inside of the cargo hold like a giant bullet
          coming in and out of their light.

          SLAM, SLAM, SLAM, until...WHAM, it buries itself edge-on,
          halfway into the fuselage, missing Carrie by a hair's
          width.

          They stand there, deafened and stunned, then a shower of
          ice rains into the plane where the hatch used to be and a
          THIN SHAFT OF LIGHT DROPS into the cargo bay like a gift
          from God.


                    Hallelujah --

          Pryce drops down.   Moves to another crate.








                    Delfy, help me with this.     We'll
                    need to get up higher.

          Delfy moves forward to help. The two of them push it
          over. It's a strenuous lift to get it on top of the
          other.

          Just as they finish, Pryce turns to find himself facing
          Carrie holding one of the RUSSIAN'S GUNS TO HIS FACE.


                    Don't move.

          Pryce stares at her in disbelief.


                    What's going on?


                    Yeah -- what're you doing?


                    Our friend here isn't who he says
                    he is.

          She reaches into Pryce's liner, pulls out his sidearm
          from the shoulder holster.

          Switches it with the one in her hand.    Puts the Russian
          gun in her coat pocket.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Didn't you know it's a direct
                    treaty violation to carry a
                    firearm down here?


                    I've been authorized because of
                    what's happened.


                    Stop lying to me --

          She takes out her handcuffs.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Delfy, cuff him to the wall.

          She holds out the cuffs.


                    Don't do this.







                    Man, the guy just saved our
                    lives...


                    He was saving his own.   Do it.

          Delfy takes the cuffs from her.  Cuffs Pryce to some
          exposed piping. Carrie lowers her gun.

                                  CARRIE 
                    You know what was in that safe.

                    Now, who are you?

          She sees a moment of contemplation on Pryce's face --

                                  CARRIE 
                    I swear I'll leave you here to
                    die.

          Beat.





                    Have you got an ID for that too?


                    Listen to me -- Forty eight hours
                    ago, we picked up chatter between
                    someone down here and Tahir
                    Soufian, a black market trader in
                    New York. It was all about
                    setting up a buy for cannisters
                    found in an old Russian transport
                    buried in the ice.


                    Damn, I knew that government
                    eavesdropping was true.


                    There's been rumors for years that
                    the Russians had a second base --
                    a secret weapons research facility
                    under the ice that supposedly blew
                    up in the late sixties -- nothing
                    was ever confirmed.








                                  PRYCE 
                    The fact is, before the treaty in
                    `72 they were strip mining all
                    over the place down here -- we
                    believe for uranium and other
                    specialized minerals for weapon's
                    use. It was the Cold War. No one
                    knows half the things the
                    Russian's were up to. This plane
                    could be the link between rumor
                    and truth. And if it is true,
                    what's in those cannisters could
                    be a prelude to another terrorist
                    attack.


                    Why did you lie to me?


                    Look, the U.N. carries a lot of
                    weight down here. Think about it -
                    - if I had told you I was C.I.A.,
                    you would have been on the horn
                    back to Washington in no time.
                    This is a very sensitive matter.
                    News travels fast down here, I
                    don't have to tell you that.

                    Besides, I didn't know if I could
                    trust you.

          Carrie wrestles with her emotions. She looks back
          towards the open safe, the blood staining the airplane
          floor. Makes a decision.






          Delfy wriggles out from the hole. He reaches back.
          Helps Carrie to the surface. Pryce follows.

          They look around. The weather has deteriorated - the sky
          is dark with fast moving clouds. The wind is HOWLING.
          The Snowcat is parked over the hole, blade lowered.

          Delfy runs over, jumps onto the CAT.   Looks inside the
          cab.


                    Keys are still in it!

          Carrie notices a single set of an airplane's ski tracks
          in the distance.







                       Plane could've gone anywhere.
                       There's forty-six countries here
                       all counting down to Winter-over.
                       Rubin could just disappear in the
                       mayhem.

          Delfy starts up the Cat.

          Carrie pulls out her Nextel as Pryce takes out his PDA.
          She depresses the walkie button -- makes her way to the
          Cat.

                                      CARRIE 
                       Rhonda?

          Walkie crackles.



                       Where the hell are you?


                       Heading back. How many fly-ins to
                       McMurdo in the last four hours?


                       You expect me to --



                       -- How many?


                       Fifteen.


                       I need a list of names.

          Carrie clicks off.


                       You think Rubin might try to leave
                       out of McMurdo?


                       He knows I'm on his ass, so he
                       might. Anything's possible. I
                       want to eliminate his options.

          She massages her gloved hand. Looks to Pryce who's
          talking on his PDA as he heads toward the Cat.








                    Six cannisters, maybe four inches
                    in diameter, about a foot high --
                    find out exactly what the Russians
                    transported in something that
                    size.

          He looks to Carrie --

                                  PRYCE 
                    You have a photo of Rubin
                    anywhere?


                    Back at ASB --


                         
                    How long to get there?


                    When we get back to the plane,
                    I'll get ya there in forty
                    minutes.

          As Pryce climbs into the cat --




          And slides into the back --


                         
                    I'll scan a picture of him and get
                    it to you. Meanwhile, contact
                    every non-American base down here
                    and put them on watch. He's got
                    some plan to get these off the
                    ice.

          He hangs up. Carrie climbs in -- looks back at the
          plane's ski tracks.


                    I know why Weiss was so far from
                    Delta One One.

          Pryce and Delfy wait for the answer.

                                  CARRIE cont'd)
                    He was dumped from a plane.







          She closes the door to the Cat.






          Carrie strides along the corridor with Pryce. They pass
          a window where we see that an LC-13O EVAC PLANE is parked
          out front -- it's tail section open like the mouth of a
          massive beast. Move past several people, balloons and
          `Eve of Evac' signs.

          Pryce sees Carrie really cradling her left hand, now.


                       You need to get that looked at.


                       I'll have the Doc take a peek when
                       we're done.

          Dinkle's pulling a DUFFLE BAG toward them.      Sees Carrie
          and Pryce about to head up some stairs.


                       Murphy's looking for you.

          Carrie stops.


                       Murphy?   What the hell is he doing



                       Came in on the evac.

          She pulls Dinkle's two-way off his hip.       Hands it to
          Pryce.

                                     DINKLE 
                       Hey -- I don't turn that in, I
                       have to pay for it.

          Carrie ignores him.


                       I'm on 30 if you need me. Rubin's
                       picture is in a file on my desk.

          Dinkle shoots Pryce the stink eye as he walks away --


                       Make sure I get that back.






                       Of course.

          Pryce heads up as Carrie continues on down the main
          corridor.




          Murphy and Rhonda are standing next to the COMMS TECH,
          who is sitting in front of his COMPUTER. The screen
          revealing the SATELLITE IMAGERY of the storm It's grown
          and moving closer to ASB.


                       It's packing winds of a hundred
                       thirty knots.

          Murphy looks stressed.


                       Shit -- we've got to move up the
                       evac.


                       How much?


                       Six hours at least.


                       Jesus, I got crew that's still not
                       in.


                       Then get them in!

          Rhonda is thrown off by his tone --


                       You wanted to see me?

          Murphy looks over.       Sees Carrie coming in through the
          door.


                       Where the hell have you been?

          She doesn't like his tone --


                       Buried under 2 tons of ice. You?








                       Do me a favor, you find any more
                       bodies, mind not parading them
                       down the main corridor. I've got
                       Newbies afraid to winterover, for
                       Chirstsake. They want out on
                       seats I don't have. And next time
                       you want to take a Goddamn plane
                       anywhere, you ask me.


                       Sure thing, Chief.


                       We don't have enough supplies for
                       all of us to Winter-over if we get
                       stuck down here.

                       And you wonder why it didn't work
                       out between us.


                       It didn't work, Sam, because you
                       couldn't keep your hands off every
                       new woman who stepped foot on the
                       ice down here. I was stupid
                       enough to be one of them. Now if
                       you could cut through your red
                       tape for just one second, you
                       would realize that someone's out
                       there with six cannisters,
                       possibly full of Uranium, and he
                       wants to get it into the hands of
                       some very bad people. And I'm
                       trying to stop it -- so fuck
                       asking you for shit, Sam.


                       This is ridic---

          THE SOUND OF A LARGE BOOK dropping onto the floor, sends
          a harsh reverb across the room.


                       Enough!

          Everyone's attention goes to Doc standing at the door.
          He's really pissed. Glares at Murphy.

                                     DOC 
                       What the hell's wrong with you,
                       Murph? I've got bodies piling up
                       in my lab, and she's the only one
                       doing anything about it.





                                  DOC 

                    Why don't you try helping her for
                    a change?

          Murphy looks at Doc.   Not giving in.

          Carrie calms down -- she's had enough.


                    You know what Doc, it's alright.

          Carrie looks to Rhonda --

                                  CARRIE 
                    You got my list?

          Rhonda pulls it from her clipboard.     Hands it to her.

          Carrie walks out with Doc.






          A SUBJECTIVE POV - watching Carrie and Doc from behind
          the crack of a door as they walk down the main corridor
          and right by.






          Carrie's sitting on the edge of an examination table as
          Doc slowly unwraps her bandaged hand. She winces from
          the pain.


                    I'm worried about you. Is it
                    going to take another attempt on
                    your life to get you to finally
                    slow down?

          She looks at him warmly --


                    You worry too much -- but it's
                    what I like about you.

          Doc smiles, continues to unravel the gauze-

                                  CARRIE 
                    Doc, did you notice if Weiss had a
                    wound on his left leg?






                       I striped him down to put him in a
                       bodybag. There's only the
                       puncture from the axe. No way, I
                       would have noticed it. Why?


                       Then it's gotta be Rubin.

                       I don't know.


                       Any word from the FBI?


                       There's no way they're gonna make
                       it. Not with that storm coming in
                       over the peninsula.

          The gauze finally comes off, revealing her middle TWO
          FINGERS have turned COMPLETELY BLACK along with part of
          the flesh of her palm. Her ring looks strangely out of
          place.

                                     CARRIE 
                       Oh God.

          Doc reaches over to a nearby drawer -- takes out a
          sterilized syringe packet.


                       Jesus, Carrie, how long did you
                       let this go?

          He opens up the packet.


                       When did I go to Vostok?

          Doc puts the tip of the needle onto her blackened flesh.


                       Feel that?

          He pushes hard -- penetrates the skin. We see the worry
          begin to elevate further on Carrie's face.


                       No.

          Doc tries the needle in another location.


                       Now?





          Slowly shakes her head.   He holds her gaze evenly.

                                  DOC 
                    I have to amputate your middle two
                    fingers.



                    No way. Don't tell me that.


                    The fingers are dead, Carrie. If
                    I don't do it now, gangrene will
                    set in. You'll lose your hand.

          Carrie is sickened.

                                    DOC 
                    I'm sorry.






          Carrie sits in sullen silence, the room dark around her.
          The only light bounces in from a sterile, draped area
          where Doc works on her hand. She can't watch as his
          CURVED SUTURE and thread, rises and falls with every
          stitch he makes. Carrie has her attention on BLOODY
          GAUZE piled up in a tray --



          CARRIE'S MEMORY HIT: AN IMAGE SHE SAW EARLIER: The well
          defined chest of a man wearing a T-shirt. A BULLET HOLE
          oozes dead center. This time we stay there a little
          longer, watching the T-shirt absorb the blood around the
          wound. As the stain widens, so does the camera...
          slowly... bringing into picture THE MAN Carrie shot.
          He's wearing a MARSHAL'S BADGE around his neck.


                    There, finished.





          Carrie looks at him, sullen, afraid to look down.     Then
          slowly lets her eyes drift to her hand.

                                  DOC 
                    It's going to be an adjustment.





          He rises. Goes to a medicine cabinet. Selects a pill
          bottle. Shakes it. Only a couple inside. He returns
          with the pill bottle.

                                     DOC 
                       Should ease the pain. I'll look
                       around, dig some more up for you.

          She stares at the vacant spot where her fingers used to
          be.






          Carrie's bag is open on the bed with the Russian's gun
          next to it.

          She's trying to put on a clean flannel over a T-shirt,
          but can't button it up with only one hand. Her
          frustration mounts as she fights back every bit of
          emotion that's trying to get out.

          She finally gives up -- kicks over a nearby chair that
          sweeps the stuff off her bed. Bag and gun go flying.

          Carrie slumps to the floor.    Silent tears.

          After a beat -- she notices Pryce standing in the doorway
          with some PAPERS in his hand. He's looking at her
          compassionately.


                       I stopped by the clinic... Doc
                       told me.

          Carrie nods, pulling herself together, swallowing her
          emotion.


                       Pretty tough Marshal, huh?

          He enters.    Holds out her ring for her.

                                     CARRIE 
                       (holds up hand with missing ring

                       If you came to propose, now's not
                       really a good time.

          He joins her.    Hands over her ring.     Takes a seat next to
          her.






                                        CARRIE 
                       Anything?


                       Got Rubin's face all over
                       Antarctica, but nobody's seen him
                       yet.

          They sit in silence together for a moment. Carrie sees
          the Russian pistol that's ended up on the floor close by.
          Picks it up. Examines it like a relic.


                       ...You ever kill anyone?


                       ...Unfortunately.


                       Anyone you ever trusted?


                       No.

          Beat.


                       I hadn't held a gun in my hand for
                       over two years.

                       Wasn't supposed to need one down
                       here.

          She looks at him --

                                     CARRIE 
                       You asked what I was running away
                       from...I came down here to forget
                       my partner, Jack. Thought it
                       would be better than any therapy.


                       What happened?


                       We were on a stakeout at a Holiday
                       Inn in Miami, waiting for this buy
                       to go down. I was excited, we'd
                       been after this trafficker for a
                       long time. Thought this bust
                       would be my big chance to impress
                       the brass. Anyway, guy's a no
                       show. One hour went by, then two -
                       - nothing.





                                  CARRIE 
                    Then Jack starting acting strange.
                    Next thing I knew my face was
                    being rammed into a mirror. My
                    own partner was trying to kill me.
                    Turns out the whole bust was a set
                    up from the start. Jack was dirty,
                    working with the guy we were
                    after.

          Beat.

                                   CARRIE 
                    Four years together. I knew
                    things about him that his wife
                    didn't even know.

                    But he was my partner and I killed
                    him that night. There's no
                    changing that.

          Pryce takes it all in.   Not the story he expected.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Marshall service cleared me --
                    ruled it self-defense, but I had a
                    real hard time getting over the
                    betrayal -- how little my life
                    meant to a guy I was willing to
                    take a bullet for.

          Carrie shifts in her chair.   Leans forward.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Know what the kicker is -- Jack
                    thought I was close to figuring
                    him out. Thought this hotel room
                    was the best place to get rid of
                    me -- make it look like a bust
                    gone bad. Truth is, I had no
                    idea.

                    God, I was young and stupid, and
                    in way over my head.

          She stands.   Pryce joins her.

                                  CARRIE 
                    You asked me why I smell like
                    suntan lotion -- Jack wore Aramis,
                    this cheap after-shave his wife
                    gave him. Some of the guys down
                    here wear it -- suntan lotion is
                    the only thing that keeps me from
                    smelling it.






          She notices the papers he's holding; faxed photos of



                                  CARRIE 
                    What do ya got there?

          He shows them to her.   One-by-one.


                    It's what the Russians used to
                    transport weapons grade materials
                    in. They match the dimensions
                    inside the safe. We're looking
                    for six of these.

          As Carrie studies them --

                                  PRYCE 
                    Langley's thinking it might be
                    Hexafluoride, which is a
                    derivative of Uranium. It's a
                    component for nuclear detonation.


                    These beakers where really in over
                    their heads.

          The RADIO on Pryce's hip -- crackles...


                    Dinkle, it's Rhonda --

          Pryce smirks.


                    I better get this back to him.
                    And we have to find Rubin.


                    Think you can you help me with
                    these buttons, first?


                    Sure.

          He moves closer.   Starts to button her up.

                                  PRYCE 
                    For what it's worth -- I think
                    you're pretty tough, Marshall.










          Carrie enters. Light streaming in through the window
          hits her tired face. She reaches for the light switch on
          the nearby wall --



          -- AGGRESSIVELY YANKS her away from the open door. It's
          kicked closed as she's drawn backwards into a man's
          embrace. A knife's brought to her neck.


                            
                       ...You Stetko?

          Carrie nods -- slides her hand toward her pocket...

                                        MAN 
                       Don't...

          She stops.


                       Who are you?

          He slowly turns her around to face him.

          -- it's Rubin, but he looks beat to shit. Deep cracks
          slice across his bloody, chapped lips. Peeling skin
          flakes on his face. Desperate, despondent eyes. Shaky,
          frostbitten fingers. He's having a hard time holding it
          together as he can barely get the words out...


                       -- Did Mooney talk to you? I
                       didn't hear from him -- he was
                       supposed to call me after you
                       talked.

          Carrie's confused.


                       Mooney's dead.

          His eyes well.


                       No...


                       And so's Weiss.






          He nods - he knew.


                       And I'm next, I know it.


                       It's okay, you're safe, just put
                       the knife down.

          His shaking hands slowly lowers it -- she breathes a
          little easier. He sets it down on an empty book shelf
          next to him.

                                     CARRIE 
                       Who's after you? Where are the
                       cannisters?

          He stares off blankly --


                       Weiss didn't want to go through
                       with it. Oh God. How did we let
                       this happen?


                       Rubin -- I need you to focus for
                       me.

          He tries. Looks at her through tired, pinched eyes --
          he's trying.

          O.C. KNOCK. KNOCK on her door.

          Rubin is spooked.    Glares at her -- scared.   Like a caged
          animal.


                       Carrie, it's Doc -- got those
                       painkillers.


                       It's okay, he's a doctor, he can
                       help you.

          It falls on deaf ears -- he goes for the knife.    She
          tries to stop him.

          Rubin shoves her aside, throwing her against a chair.
          She topples backwards.

          He whips open the door, driving an unexpected shoulder
          into Doc, who gets nailed so hard, he goes stumbling back
          up against the wall behind him. Takes the wind right out
          of him. Pills all over the floor.





          Rubin dashes off down the hallway -- it's an effort.

          Carrie appears at the door. Catches a glimpse of Rubin
          disappearing down a set of side stairs.

                                     CARRIE 
                      You alright?

          Doc nods.

          She takes off after him, pulling her phone off her hip.



          She takes two at a time -- keys the two-way...

                                     CARRIE 
                      Pryce --


                      Yeah?


                      Rubin's here! He's on the run.
                      Level one. White T-shirt. Jeans.





          As Carrie comes off the stairs -- looks left -- there's
          three guys carrying boxes out of a room. Snaps a look to
          the right --

          -- Rubin's at the far end, slipping through a doorway
          that leads into an INTERCONNECTING TUNNEL to another part
          of ASB.

                                    CARRIE 
                           
                      He's heading for the Science Lab.

          Carrie kicks it into high --






          A SUBJECTIVE POV - catches interval glimpses of Rubin
          through the small windows that run along the side of the
          tunnel as he dashes through.










          Rubin is moving through to a door at the far end as
          Carrie enters. It's lined with several free standing,
          empty bookcases.


                    Rubin, wait!




          Carrie enters through the connecting tunnel's doorway.
          Not a lot of light. Slows her pace. It's quiet.
          Dormant. Vacant lab stations. Room's been shut down for
          the winter. Eyes scan. Fall upon --

          -- A DOOR ACROSS THE ROOM.   A sign above reads: READY


          She takes off again, slaloming her way around the lab
          stations to get to the door.




          Carrie gets to the door. Pulls on the handle. Won't
          open. Rattles. Looks in through a viewing window --
          sees --

          -- a panicked Rubin inside, grabbing ECW gear off a rack
          mounted to the wall.



          He and Carrie exchange glances.


                    Rubin -- I can help you!

          He shakes his head.

          She tugs harder on the doors. Stuck. Looks through the
          window to see he's tied them together with some climbing
          rope.

          In that same instant a shaft of brilliant daylight floods
          half the room as the outside door is whipped open.

          A MAN in full ECW - stands in the doorway. He's wearing
          a FACE MASK and GOGGLES. Holds an ICE AXE poised, ready
          to strike -- it's the same guy who attacked her.






          Rubin bolts back toward the door separating he and
          Carrie, but --

          -- SWOOOSH! THE ICE AXE is buried into his shoulder,
          gaffing him like a fish. The pain's excruciating for
          Rubin, who spins on his attacker like a wild man.
          BULLDOZES into him, driving him back out the door.

          Both TUMBLE down a steep set of stairs -- the exposed end
          of the ice axe gets stuck in a step's steel meshing on
          the way down -- rips out of Rubin's shoulder.




          Rubin eats the pain as he gets to his feet. Takes off.
          Runs blindly with panting intensity verging on hysteria.
          Disappears around the contour of ASB before the other guy
          can get to his feet.

          His assailant rises. Goes back up a couple steps to
          retrieve his embedded ice axe, but finds it wedged so
          tight, it won't budge. Abandons it.




          Carrie shoulders the door, but still doesn't budge.
          Hears FOOTSTEPS BEHIND HER. Turns to see it's Pryce.


                       Door's jammed --

          Pryce latches on to a heavy SUPPLY CART filled with
          beakers, micro-scopes and other gear, that's tucked
          against one of the lab stations.

                                     CARRIE 
                       Pryce, it's not Rubin --

          Off his confused look --

                                     CARRIE 
                       Someone's trying to kill him.

          Pryce picks up speed as he targets the door. Hits it
          like a freight train, busting it open! Cart goes
          crashing. Contents scatter like buckshot.




          The two of them are hit with icy cold coming in through
          the open exit door.





          Carrie throws a look outside -- bottom of stairs are
          vacant. Ice axe is still there.


                       Shit, Rubin doesn't have any gear
                       on.

          Carrie immediately closes the outside door. Pryce goes
          for the ECW wear. Scrambles to get a coat on. Carrie
          joins. Same thing.


                       How long's he been out there?


                       Thirty seconds.




          Rubin staggers as he follows a line of storage bins
          tucked against the base of the main building. The blood
          from his wound already frozen on his shirt.

          The cold -- it's killing him. Body's shaking.    The sun's
          reflection off the ice is blinding.






          -- His vision begins to cloud as the corneas are
          literally being burned by the intense light. He tries to
          shield them -- has little effect.

          He looks over his shoulder -- gets a BLURRED IMAGE of his
          attacker not far behind.

          Rubin trips. Hands go to the icy ground to protect his
          fall. Still hits hard. Starts to get up, but his palms
          are frozen to the surface. Doesn't have time to care --
          pulls hard, tearing the skin right off. Stands. Spins
          around in a panicked whirl -- he's lost ground.

          Continues to the end of the storage bins. Moves under
          ASB, using the enormous HYDRAULIC LIFT COLUMNS to conceal
          his movement.








          Up ahead -- forty yards away -- hope. He continues
          toward some storage containers and the SNOW MELTER on the
          other side, where TWO PEOPLE, CLAD IN ECW are finishing
          filling an insulated container with water from an
          insulated hose mounted to the Melter.   A snowmobile is
          parked next to them.

          He tries to scream, but only a dull, raspy, muffled voice
          escapes...


                    ...Help me.

          The guys -- oblivious.




          Carrie and Pryce, now bundled up in ECW, exit the room
          and head down the stairs. Split up -- go opposite
          directions around the complex.




          Rubin's pace is slowing -- he's exerting himself to get
          to the people as they climb into snowmobile with the
          container.   Frostbite is chewing up his lungs. He's too
          slow, they take off. He coughs up blood.


                    W..wa..wait.

          He turns around to check on his pursuer.   Twenty feet
          away and closing.

          Rubin's eyes desperately search for some kind of weapon --
          anything. Sees the insulated hose on the SNOW MELTER.
          Heads for it.




          Carrie passes a gap between storage containers where
          several snow shovels are stuck into a mound of snow --
          through their vertical slats, SHE CATCHES A GLIMPSE OF
          RUBIN at the Snow Melter across on the other side of the
          main building. Sees the ECW guy closing in.








          Pryce is moving under ASB. Passes a hydraulic support
          leg. Spots Carrie on the other side moving toward Rubin.
          Also sees the ECW guy in pursuit. Heads toward them.




          Rubin's frostbitten hand reaches for the hose. Grabs it,
          but he doesn't have the strength to turn it on. Throws a
          defeated glance over his shoulder to see --

          -- THE VILLAIN in ECW gear right on him! Shoves Rubin
          against the tank. Grabs the hose from him. Turns it on -
          - SPRAYING him head to toe.

          Rubin's clothes turn to ice. One eye freezes shut. Lips
          go cobalt blue. He tries to escape, but several stiff
          steps away, he slows and finally stops: a prisoner in his
          ice-locked clothing.

          The man moves to Rubin.   Grabs his head, and - SNAP -
          breaks his neck.

          Rubin's body topples stiffly to the ground.




          Rhonda crosses the busy room. Reaches for a clipboard
          hanging next to the window. Something outside catches
          her attention.


                    Sam!

          She looks to Murphy, who is on the phone.

          Murphy and the others join her at the window. They see
          Rubin on the ground, but the Snow Melter blocks any view
          of the killer.






          The Killer turns to leave the crime scene and --

          -- WHACK! He's blindsided by a SHOVEL to his head.
          Goggles shatter.






          He drops.

          Carrie pulls his parka hood away from his head -- snaps
          the goggle from his face.

          It's KELLER!

          Blood trickles from the fresh wound to his head.

          The shovel's courtesy of Carrie, who stands over top of
          him. Holds the shovel to his neck like a guillotine
          blade.

          Pryce approaches. Glances to Rubin's frozen body -- neck
          askew. Carrie is wound up. Keller's still recovering
          from the impact --


                       I sh... sh... shoulda killed you
                       at Vostok.


                       Where are the cannisters?


                       Go to hell.


                       Wrong answer.


                       Help me drag him over here.

          They each take his jacket by the shoulder -- pull him
          back over to the Snow Melter.

                                     CARRIE 
                       Keep him still.

          She hands the shovel to Pryce, who puts it to Keller's
          neck.

          Carrie pulls her Buck knife from her back pocket, then
          whips off Keller's gloves. Tosses them aside. The cold
          makes him more coherent. Sees Pryce at this throat.


                       Who's Tahir selling it to --
                       what's the intended target?

          Keller shifts his attention to Carrie, who's using her
          knife to SLICE open his ECW jacket and pants, exposing
          bare arms and legs.







                    What're you doing, you crazy
                    bitch?

          Keller instantly starts to shake.


                    Why did you kill those scientists,
                    Keller? Was a four-way split too
                    much for you?


                    Fuck you.

          Carrie grabs the hose from the Snow Melter.

          She brutally stomps on Keller's exposed arm, douses him
          with water from the hose, welding his arm to the ground
          as it freezes instantly.


                    Where is the uranium?


                         
                    You have no idea what's going on
                    here, do you?

          Keller begins to shiver violently.


                    Hit the sonofabitch again!

          Carrie releases more water, freezing more of the arm.        He
          screams. Pain is too much. He caves.


                    The plane, they're in the fucking
                    plane.

          Carrie's suddenly grabbed from behind.     It's Murphy.
          Furious. Two other guys at his side.


                    Have you completely lost your
                    mind?


                    Let go of me.

          She twists free of his grasp.      Gets in Keller's face.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Where in the plane?






                    Find them yourself.


                    What the hell's going on?

          She glares at him.


                    The cannisters are on the plane.

          She looks to the guys that came out with Murphy.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Throw him in the holding cell.

          The two guys go to Keller, but his arm is stuck to the
          ground. Carrie kicks it free. It's painful. Keller
          screams.

          The guys lift him to his feet.     Haul him away.

          Murphy looks to Pryce --


                    Who the hell are you?

          Carrie looks at Pryce.


                    Name's Pryce.

          Pryce looks at Carrie.


                    He's with the UN. We have to
                    search that plane now!

          Murphy looks to Carrie with an intense glare --


                    We don't have time. We'll just
                    search it in Christchurch when it
                    lands.

          Pryce steps in --


                    It's a twelve hour flight to
                    Christchurch. Anything can happen
                    in that time. Keller is here, so
                    we know it's still on the ground.






                                     PRYCE 
                       Once that plane is in the air,
                       we've as good as lost it. Just
                       give us 10 minutes.

          Murphy looks to Carrie, softens slightly --


                       Sam, do what is right here.    Come
                       on.


                       Do what you have to, but that
                       plane takes off in one hour.


                       We'll need some help.


                       I'll send what I can.

          He leaves.






          Carrie is near the cockpit, searching under a row of
          seats. Pryce approaches. A handful of ASB employees
          tear through every inch of the fuselage and cargo.


                       It's clean.

          Carrie gets to her feet.    Pissed off.

                                     PRYCE 
                       You check the cockpit?


                       Nothing. That bastard.
                       What the hell are you up to,
                       Keller?


                       I don't get it, why lie to us --
                       we have him either way. He's
                       stuck here.

          Carrie's suddenly chilled with the ominous reality that --


                       He's buying time.

          Carrie races off the plane.    Pryce tries to keep pace.








          Carrie is slaloming her way through the corridor, which
          is packed with ASB employees carrying their bags for the
          evac. Pryce is close behind.


                    Out of the way!




          Carrie enters. Pryce at her side. Her face goes white.
          The door to the holding room is wide open. Keller's



                    Shit!


                    He's got nowhere to go, nowhere to
                    hide.

          Then it hits her --


                    He won't try.    He's a goddamn
                    pilot.

          As the two of them take off for the door --




          Delfy walks across the floor. Hangar is minimally lit.
          Still. Silent. Void of personnel. The Otters are lined
          up. The Snowcats and snowmobiles on the other side. He
          heads toward an Otter.




          Delfy reaches in and gets his son's picture, which is
          still hanging on the console. Then, something catches
          his attention through the windshield of his plane. He
          sees a FUEL HOSE running to another plane -- and it's
          pumping.

          Curious, he gets out of the Otter. Eyes dart about the
          hangar. Doesn't see anyone. Heads to the other plane.
          Discovers that a door is open on the other side. Takes a
          another look around. Doesn't see anyone. Moves closer.






          Gets to the plane.   Takes a look inside, and --

          THUD!   He's nailed with a giant Crescent wrench to the
          head.   Stumbles back.

          Keller leaps out, grabbing hold of a staggering Delfy.

          Ruthlessly runs him head first into a standing tool
          chest. Delfy collapses to the ground in a heap.
          Unconscious.




          Carrie and Pryce, dressed in ECW are making their way
          toward the hangar.




          Employees are trudging up through the back entrance into
          the plane. Get checked off a list by the LOAD MASTER.
          Toss their gear into a netted cargo area. Find a seat.
          Plane is nearly full.




          Keller has the engine going. It's loud. Preps the
          console for flight, flipping switches -- suddenly sees
          Carrie and Pryce enter the hangar. Guns drawn.




          Shift their attention to the plane.    Blades turning. They
          stalk forward. Slowly. Carefully.      Eyeing for any
          betrayal of movement.

          Then, with a nod from Carrie, they move in. Fast.
          Ready. Look into the plane. It's empty, except for a
          duffle bag in the back. Carrie nods to Pryce. Motions
          for him to go one way, she'll go another.


          Carrie eyeballs a Snowcat. It's door is slightly open.
          She heads for it. Gun poised.

          Pryce moves to check the next plane.    Eyes dart to every
          dark corner.

          Carrie gets to the Cat.    Springs toward the door.
          Inside's empty.





          Pryce walks under THE WING of the next plane. Spots
          Delfy just ahead on the ground by the tool chest. Looks
          like he's stirring into consciousness. Then --

          SWOOSH!! An ICE AXE swings down from above, embedding in
          his Pryce's chest. Deep. It sticks. Gun goes flying.
          Keller drops down from the wing above. Pryce staggers.
          Keller kicks him hard.

          Pryce goes down.   Keller grabs the gun.

          Points it right at Pryce -- before he can shoot --

          BANG!BANG! Bullets zip by Keller, who rolls for cover
          behind SOME EQUIPMENT. Another rips into his shoulder.

          Keller spots Carrie over by the Cat. She fires
          continually, forcing him to stay behind cover. The shots
          go wide -- she's not yet used to firing with the right
          hand.

          Keller blindly reaches his gun around the chest -- shoots
          back, which --

          -- Gives Pryce enough time to painfully crawl for cover
          beneath the plane. He's losing blood quick.

          Carrie keeps shooting. Bullets PING OFF THE TOOL CHEST.
          They stop. Carrie has to reload.

          Keller makes his move. Fires at Carrie and sprints for
          his plane. Runs right by pole with a large red button
          attached to it. Slams it.



          The TEMPERATURE immediately begins to PLUMMET as winter
          is let inside.

          Keller keeps shooting.   Runs out of bullets.   Leaps into
          the idling Otter.

          Carrie makes her move.   Dashes toward him, firing away.

          Bullets PLANT in the WINDSHIELD, but can't penetrate --
          glass is too thick -- protection from the cold.

          Keller throttles. Begins to move the Otter forward
          toward the opening doors.

          Carrie dashes to Pryce. Sees Delfy get to his feet.
          Face bloody. He moves to Pryce.







          She gets over to the guys quickly, giving Delfy a visual
          once over. He'll be fine, but things look bad for Pryce.
          He's bleeding profusely.

          She kneels beside him -- pulls the tip of the axe out of
          his chest.

          Delfy looks to the hangar doors, which are nearly open.


                    ...I didn't see him.

          His eyes flutter shut.   Carrie slaps his face --


                    No!    You stay awake!

          Puts her hand directly on the wound.   Applies pressure.
          Blood continues to ooze.

          She looks over to Keller just as his plane exits the
          hangar.

          Looks back to Pryce's wound -- won't stop bleeding.

                                  CARRIE 
                    Damn it!
                         
                    Come on. We're getting him up.

          They lift him to his feet. Haul ass to the front of the
          hangar the best they can. Go outside.




          The two of them place the now unconscious Pryce to the
          ground.

          Carrie grabs Delfy's hands. Puts them directly on the
          bloody wound. Surprisingly, he stays focused.


                    Press here.    Hard. Hard or he
                    will die!


                    It won't stop!

          Looks Delfy right in the eye.


                    He's not going to be number four!






          Pryce moans.

          Carrie rips open Pryce's jacket and liner.

          Scoops up an armful of wind-blown ice. Starts packing it
          around him. Keeps repeating the motion.

          She keeps shooting looks to Keller's departing plane
          moving toward the runway.

          The cold hits Pryce, shocking him awake.



                       What are you doing?   Get Keller.

          She holds him down.


                       You're bleeding out. Freezing
                       drops your pulse. We have to slow
                       it down.

                       You hold on.

          Carrie snags the two-way off her hip like it's a quick
          draw. Keys it.

                                     CARRIE 
                       Sam -- is Doc on the plane yet?

          Beat.


                       No -- what's going --


                       Keller got out. He hurt Pryce --
                       he's bleeding bad. Where's Doc?


                       In the clinic. About to bring the
                       bodies out. What's --


                       Tell him to stay put, and I need
                       your help getting Pryce there.
                       We're at the hangar. I've got to
                       stop Keller, he's got the
                       cannisters.

          Carrie doesn't wait for an answer.     Gives Delfy the two-
          way.






                                  CARRIE 
                    Don't let him die.

          Carrie stands.   Determined.   Sprints back into the
          hangar.




          On a full sprint, Carrie dashes over to the Snowmobiles.
          Coughs. Spits blood. Doesn't stop her. She jumps on
          one. Fires it up. Uses her left palm to steer -- blood
          starts to seep through the gauze. She quickly bundles
          up, then guns it.

          Rubber treads grip. Smoke rises. She races it across
          the cement floor and out the hangar.




          Off in the distance, Keller's heading for the front of
          the runway -- has to turn around to take off into the
          wind.

          Carrie veers off, targeting the tunnel to ASB.    Hits her
          light as she races in.




          Carrie's light silhouettes Murphy and a couple of his
          guys as they head toward her. She doesn't even slow down
          as she blows right by them.






          Desperation clings to his face as he turns the plane onto
          the runway. His wound oozes blood -- eats the pain as he
          gives it full throttle. Starts to pick up speed. Heads
          down his strip of freedom.






          A funnel of bumpy light spreads across the ice before
          Carrie on the snowmobile.







          She holds tight as she burns a big U-TURN around one of
          the berms and onto the runway.   Heads straight for the
          lights of Keller's plane.




          He sees Carrie.


                       Crazy bitch.



          She targets him like a Japanese zero.       Hundred yards and
          closing.

          He's pushing to get airborne.        Seventy-five yards between
          them.

          Gap narrows fast.    Fifty yards.

          Stay on Carrie. Looks like suicide. She suddenly
          swerves a hard left, disappearing behind a berm --



          He bears a momentary sense of triumph, starts to get
          airborne -- until -- LAUNCHING UP OFF THE BERM is
          Carrie's snowmobile! She bails, letting it continue
          right toward him like a heat seeking missile as she
          tumbles down the berm.

          Keller's pov - a THOUSAND POUNDS of snowmobile comes at
          him fast -- obliterates the cockpit.






          Cripples the plane, pitching it sideways. A wing catches
          the runway, CATAPULTING the entire plane into a cartwheel
          of disaster as it veers off the runway and --



          Resume -

          Carrie slowly gets to her feet. The flames reflecting
          off her goggles. She heads to the wreckage. The cold
          and blowing snow extinguishing the flames quickly.







          Carrie approaches. Only a sputtering of flame remains on
          the front of the twisted remnants of the Otter's cockpit.
          The aft seems relatively intact. Carrie looks in.

          Sees the charred and already frozen remains of Keller.
          In the back -- the charred duffle bag. She moves closer.

          Reaches in through a broken window.       Pulls it out to the
          runway.

          Unzips it.    Is confused.    No cannisters.   Only survival
          gear.






          Delfy, along with Murphy and his two guys, carry Pryce
          in. Doc's in the back room with two others, loading the
          BODYBAGS onto a cart.


                       Doc!

          Doc quickly moves into the front room.      The other two
          follow. Curious.

          Doc springs into action, pulling on gloves.       Pryce's
          face, ashen.


                       Get him on the table!

          They usher him onto one. He looks to Delfy who still has
          his hand on Pryce's wound.

                                     DOC 
                       Don't move that hand.


                       I know, I know, he'll die!

          Doc shifts his attention to one of Murphy's guys --


                       You, four units O-pos in the
                       warmer. Second shelf, fridge.

          The guy heads for it.

          Carrie enters. She's still in her ECW gear.        Heart sinks
          when she sees Pryce.






          Doc leans over Pryce's pale form.        Examines.

          As Doc gets an IV going, he looks to Carrie --

                                        DOC 
                       What happened?


                       Keller hit him with an ice axe.


                       He get away?


                       No.

          Murphy's walkie on his hip CRACKLES to life.




          Rhonda's standing up front with the pilot and Copilot,
          watching the horizon where dark storm clouds are coming
          at them like a tidal wave. Brings a walkie to her
          lips...


                       Sam, it's Rhonda -- we gotta go.
                       Now.

                       I know.    I know.



          Murphy looks to Doc.


                       Can you do this on the plane?
                       It's your call, but I need to know
                       now.

          Doc, who's wrestling with deep contemplation, looks to
          Carrie -- she sees the answer's no.


                       I'll stay with you --


                            
                       Grab the bodies and get them on
                       the plane.






          The guys head for the back --

          As Doc looks at Pryce -- knowing he needs him...


                       Leave the bodies -- you don't have
                       time. Dead is dead.

                       Pick them up in six months. Go.

          Doc looks to Carrie, who's thankful --


                       I'm sorry.

          The guys after the bodies look to Murphy for a decision.


                       Leave'm.   Let's go.

          Murphy and Carrie exchange a quick look -- closure.


                       Thanks.


                       Take care of yourself.

          He takes off with the others.




          The wind   is hurricane fierce as Murphy and his two men
          are just   about to board the plane. Murphy looks to the
          storm --   a forboding darkness getting closer by the
          second.    He realizes they might not make it.




          The LC-130's jet engines roars as he gains speed down the
          runway -- faster and faster, then it suddenly gets
          swallowed in the storm -- like an avalanche covering a
          skier.

          Camera stays on the fast moving storm, the plane, nowhere
          in sight, until --

          The LC-130 finally pushes out the front of it --
          AIRBORNE. Takes off into the horizon, where we see that
          the sun is just about to set.










          Carrie is standing next to Pryce on the examination
          table. He's been bandaged up. Eyes closed. Looks
          thrashed. An IV drip hangs from a stand on wheels.

          She's looking at him with soft, caring eyes -- been
          through a lot. He slowly opens his. Tries to smile, not
          easy.


                    Hey --


                    Hey back.


                    You get him?


                    Um-hm.



                    The cannisters?

          She shakes her head --


                    Nope.

          They both think on it for a moment.


                    What did we miss? Think Keller
                    cut and run without the stuff?


                    After all this, no way. Keller
                    didn't have it on the plane
                    because he's got it hidden
                    somewhere.

                    Where would he hide something for
                    six months. Somewhere he could be
                    sure no one would ever look.


                    If he had made it out, he wouldn't
                    have been crazy enough to come
                    back for it.








                       True -- what the hell was his
                       plan...

          Pryce thinks hard -- he's got nothing.


                       We've got six months to figure it
                       out.

          A SQUEAKY NOISE in the back of the room draws their
          attention. It's Doc coming through with the cart -- a
          bodybag on top.


                       Eyes open -- that's always a good
                       sign.

          He continues pushing the gurney toward them --


                       Hey, Doc -- thanks.


                       Thank her -- if she hadn't slowed
                       your bleeding.

          Doc rolls the gurney behind her --

                                     DOC 
                       I'm going to hunt me down a bottle
                       of scotch --

          Carrie turns, looks at Doc as he wheels the gurney by.


                       Need any help?


                       I'm good.

          She sees it's Weiss' name on the tag, but something
          disturbing catches Carrie's eye -- it's Weiss' LEFT LEG
          pressing against the bag. Although the plastic is
          clouded, she'd swear his LEFT CALF has a LONG LINE OF
          STITCHES running down the side.

                                        DOC 
                       You okay?

          His voice pulls her focus.          She masks her startle...










                    Just thinking where it all began.


                    Yeah, it's a damn shame, isn't it.

          Doc continues on out the door.

          Pryce sees that she's bothered --


                    What is it?


                    Nothing -- I'll be right back.

          She heads out the door.






          Carrie slips in. We've been here before -- this is where
          she chased Rubin.

          Darkness creeps in, phantom like, as the remaining
          daylight FADES OUT through the row of windows that run
          along the side. Carrie's plunged into inky black.


          She HEARS the Science Lab door open before her -- peers
          through the dark blanket to see Doc walking toward her.

          Carrie slips in between two bookcases, trying to stay
          tight against the wall. Doc walks right by and out the
          door.

          She rises to her feet. Hurries down to the end.
          Disappears into the science building.




          Carrie enters. Turns on the light. Illuminates the lab
          stations, and the busted open doors of the Ready Room.
          Heads for the freezer.




          Carrie opens the door.    Illuminates the interior with her
          light.




          Storage racks of frozen science samples line the three
          walls. Lying on the floor are the bodies of Mooney,
          Rubin, Weiss and Keller.

          Carry goes to Weiss' body. Kneels next to him. Goes to
          unzip the bodybag, but sees that it's been locked with a
          plastic cinch.

          Pulls out her knife. Holds the light steady in her mouth
          as she cuts the cinch. Unzips the bag.

          Her light travels down his body to his left leg. She
          rolls it slightly for a better look. The truth hits her
          like a sledge hammer. There it is, like standing center
          stage in her light, the ROW OF STITCHES holding a deep
          gash tight together.

          She's about to stand and walk out, but she stops herself.
          Thinks about that leg, those stitches. The fact that Doc
          lied to her. Pans her light over at the other bodies on
          the floor. Her light pans back, explores the rest of
          Weiss' upper body -- sees a dried river of blood that's
          run out from under his armpit.


                       
                       Someplace no one would ever think
                       to look.

          She raises Weiss' arm.    More stitches.

          She cuts through them. Skin splits to reveal the BOTTOM
          OF A CANNISTER that's been stuffed inside his chest. She
          reaches in and pulls it out. Even has rust on the
          bottom. Carrie's confused -- IT'S NOT LIKE ANY OF THE
          CANNISTERS PRYCE SHOWED HER PHOTOS OF. It look more like


          She contemplates opening it for a moment, then places her
          hand on the top. Begins to twist. It loosens easily.
          Pulls the lid off. Looks at it. Whatever it is, it's
          frozen. Tilts the can slightly, and out slides a FOOT
          LONG ICE CORE SAMPLE. Can't quite figure it out, until
          she shines her light on it --

          The freezer DANCES WITH GLISTENING LIGHT. The core
          sample is PACKED FULL OF DIAMONDS. She looks to the
          other two bodies.

          She opens Mooney's bag. Sees his chest is uneven -- more
          cylinders inside. Repeats the action with Rubin. Same
          thing.

          Carrie slowly stands -- the betrayal almost too much.







                    If they had just gone along with
                    it.

          She turns -- Doc is standing right BEHIND HER.

                                  DOC 
                    Those fools found a plane -- had
                    no idea what they stumbled onto.
                    Turns out the Russians had
                    discovered a diamond field while
                    drilling for core samples in the
                    sixties.


                    And we thought it was nukes the
                    whole time.


                    Keller said he knew someone in the
                    states who could move the diamonds
                    for us. It was a hell of a lot of
                    money.


                    How did you get wrapped up in
                    thing, Doc?


                    Weiss got hurt on the plane. They
                    were afraid to move him, so Mooney
                    called me. Keller and I flew out.
                    But they couldn't get the safe
                    open -- Keller found a way.


                    Then Weiss got cold feet. It got
                    ugly, didn't it -- and Keller
                    killed him at Delta One One.
                    Everything went to hell after
                    that, didn't it, Doc.


                    Keller thought he could kill his
                    way out of this whole thing.

                    If those idiots hadn't panicked,
                    none of this would have happened.

          He turns and walks out of the freezer.








          Carrie carefully follows. Sees he's heading for KELLER'S
          ICE AXE in the ready room, that someone's removed from
          being wedged outside, onto the now uprighted LAB CART
          Pryce used to bust open the door.


                    Doc -- stop.

          He does. Turns back to her. But there has been a subtle
          shift inside him -- something illogical.


                    I'll cut you in, Carrie. There's
                    at least 5 million in diamonds in
                    there. That can buy both of us a
                    nice life back in the world. How
                    many times have we both talked
                    about having a fresh start. Well,
                    this is it. Those beakers finding
                    that plane was a sign. A sign
                    telling me it was time to go back.
                    Now I have something to go back
                    for.

          She has a realization.


                    There is no granddaughter, is
                    there? This was about greed,
                    plain and simple.


                    No one will ever know. It's just
                    me and you. We can take care of
                    Pryce.

          His callus disregard for human life rocks her.


                    Dead is dead, right?


                    Yes, yes, now you're getting it.


                    What's happened to you? There are
                    four people dead! Four! People
                    we knew.
          Doc looks at her.   She's not sure if it's registering.






                                     CARRIE 
                       Where you going to stuff my body
                       too? Huh? Was I going to be
                       five?

          He turns back to the ice axe and starts walking towards
          it.

          She pulls the gun out from inside her liner, her mind a
          whirl of limited options and grim solutions.

          He nears the ice axe on the cart --

          Carrie cocks back the trigger --

                                     CARRIE 
                       I won't go through it again.
                       Don't make me shoot you, please.

          Her knuckle on her trigger finger goes white as she
          wrestles with her emotions.


                       It's either ignore all of this or
                       kill me -- and you and I, we're
                       too good of friends for me to
                       force you to make that choice.

          With that...he walks right past the ICE AXE and into the
          READY ROOM. She's confused.


                       Doc, your not thinking straight.

          But he's not listening.


                       Ya know, it's really warm. I'm
                       gonna take a walk -- try and cool
                       off.

          The TEMPERATURE GAUGE on the wall reads: -82.

          He looks at her.


                       Doc, please.

          Carrie crosses the room as he grabs onto the outside
          door's latch.

          He musters a smile --








                    Remember, Carrie -- freedom's just
                    a sunrise away.

          Using both hands on the latch, he pulls. THE DOOR BLASTS
          OPEN, filling the space between Carrie and Doc with
          violent winds and blowing snow.

          Doc's throws one last look to Carrie, then takes two
          steps out the door.

          Disappears into the blanket of white.

          Wind and cold storm into the room against Carrie, who
          remains standing still like a statue. Emotionally
          drained. Numb. Freezing to death -- tears frozen to her
          cheeks.

          A shadow passes by her -- it's Pryce. He's hunkered over
          in pain, but forcing himself against the driving force of
          the wind into the Ready Room.

          Latches onto the door. It takes everything he's got, but
          he manages to get it closed. Instant silence.

          Cold to the bone, he grabs a jacket off the racket.
          Approaches Carrie, who remains staring at the closed
          door. The effects of the chill and Doc's decision
          apparent.

          Pryce wraps the coat around her shoulders.   Gently leads
          her away.



          Super: THREE MONTHS LATER



          The sounds of lapping surf and distant seagulls serenades
          us like a rhythmic lullaby as we --

          CU on sand with a shadow of a palm tree casting over top
          of two pairs of feet -- intertwined.

          Slowly widen -- to see Carrie and Pryce, kicking back on
          lawn chairs, side-by-side. Two heat lamps pouring out
          bright, warm light. A cut out piece of paper in the
          shape of a palm leaf is taped to one of the lamps --
          throwing the shadow.

          Pryce has a small bandage over his shoulder.






          Carrie lies back, rests, eyes closed.


                       How's the weather where you are?


                       Hot. But there's a gentle breeze.
                       Fiji's beautiful this time of
                       year.


                       Yeah, St. Barts ain't bad either.

          They lie there quietly, relishing the moment.

                                     PRYCE 
                       Six months.   Six long months.

          Carrie turns over on her stomach -- lets the heat warm
          her back.


                       Nah. Freedom's just a sunrise
                       away.

          There's a new calender on the wall, where the days of
          Winter-over have been marked off -- long way to go.




          Pull away from the building, which fades into the icy
          darkness and howling wind of the Antarctic winter.






