





			You've Got Mail

			by Nora Ephron &amp; Delia Ephron

			Based on:

			The Shop Around The corner

			by Nikolaus Laszlo




							2nd Final White revised
							February 2, 1998







	We have a sense of cyberspace-travel as we hurtle through a
	sky that's just beginning to get light.  There are a few
	stars but they fade and the sky turns a milky blue and a big
	computer sun starts to rise.

	We continue hurtling through space and see that we're heading
	over a computer version of the New York City skyline.  We
	move over Central Park.  It's fall and the leaves are
	glorious reds and yellows.

	We reach the West Side of Manhattan and move swiftly down
	Broadway with its stores and gyms and movies theatres and
 	turn onto a street in the West 80s.

	Hold in front of a New York brownstone.

	At the bottom of the screen a small rectangle appears and the
	words:



	As the rectangle starts to fill with color, we see a percentage
	increase from 0% to 100%.  When it hits 100% the image pops and 
	we are in real life.



	Early morning in New York. A couple of runners pass on their
	way to Riverside Drive Park.

	We go through the brownstone window into:



	KATHLEEN KELLY is asleep.  Kathleen, 30, is as pretty and
	fresh as a spring day.  Her bedroom cozy, has a queen-sized
	bed and a desk with a computer on it.  Bookshelves line every
	inch of wall space and overflow with books.  Framed on the
	children's classic.  Madeleine.

	As Kathleen wakes up, her boyfriend FRANK NAVASKY walks into
	the room.  He wears blue jeans and a workshirt.  He's carrying
	the New York Times.


		Good morning.


			
		Listen to this -- the entire work force
		of the state of Virginia had to have
		solitaire removed from their computers --

	Kathleen gets out of bed and goes to brush her teeth in the
	bathroom, and we stay with Frank.


			
		-- because they hadn't done any work in
		six weeks.

	Kathleen comes out of the bathroom in her robe.


		Aren't you late?


			
		You know what this is, you know what
		we're seeing here?  We're seeing the end
		of Western civilization as we know it.


		This is so sad.

	She tosses him his jacket.


			
		You think that machine is your friend,
		but it's not.
			
		I'm late.



	As Frank walks to the apartment door.  We see a charming room
	with a couch, fireplace, books, and a dining table with a 
	typewriter with a cover on it.


		I'll see you tonight.


		Sushi.


		Great.  Bye.

	Frank goes out the door.  It closes.

	Kathleen tiptoes into the hall and looks through the fish-eye
	peephole watching as he goes down the stairs, disappearing
	from sight.  She walks into:



	And looks out the front window as Frank walks out onto the
	street and turns toward Broadway.

	He's gone.  Good.

	She sits down at her computer.  An expression of anticipation
	and guilty pleasure as she clicks the mouse.



	As we see the logo for America On Line come up and Kathleen's
	code name: Shopgirl.  She logs on and the computer makes all
	its little modem noises as the computer dials the access
	number and connects and we hear the machine:


		Welcome.

	And we see Kathleen, listening for the words she's waiting to
	hear:

				COMPUTER 
		You've got mail.

	And Kathleen smiles as her mail page comes up:



	We see a list of letters:

	Big Cash Op: You can make $$$ in your spare time.  OIL MKT: You
	can turn $20 into $20,000 THIS REALLY WORKS U CAN DO IT: 
	Maximize your selling ability nowwwww!!!  NY152 Brinkley

	Kathleen hits the "delete" key and the first three letters --
	all of them junk-mail -- are deleted and drop offscreen.

	Then she selects the "Read Mail" key for "NY 152 Brinkley".

	And the letter comes up:
		   To: Shopgirl
		From: NY152
		   Re: Brinkley

	Kathleen starts to read the letter aloud:


		Brinkley is my dog.  He loves the streets
		of New York as much as I do --

	And now we hear Kathleen's voice replaced by the voice of
	NY 152, a man named JOE FOX --


		-- although he likes to eat bits of pizza
		and bagel off the sidewalk, and I prefer
		to buy them.  Brinkley is a great catcher
		and was offered a tryout on the Mets farm
		team --
			



	A dog is sitting on a large green pillow on the floor. This
	is BRINKLEY.  The pillow has "Brinkley" embroidered on it.
	Brinkley's master, JOE FOX, a great-looking guy, full of
	charm and irony, comes into the kitchen and pours himself
	some orange juice.  He's half-dressed.

				JOE 
		-- but he chose to stay with me so that
		he could spend 18 hours a day sleeping on
		a large green pillow the size of an inner
		tube.  Don't you love New York in the
		fall?  It makes me want to buy school
		supplies.  I would send you a bouquet of
		newly-sharpened pencils if I knew your
		name and address.  On the other hand,
		this not knowing has its charms.


		Darling --


		Mmmmmhmmm --

	Joe's girlfriend PATRICIA EDEN, in Armani head to toe, comes
	into the kitchen and turns on the $2000 espresso machine,
	which starts grinding beans.  She's carrying the morning
	papers.


		I'm late.
			
		Random House fired Dick Atkins.  Good
		riddance.  Murray Chilton died.  Which
		makes one less person I'm not speaking 
		to --
			(she drains a cup of espresso
			 as a second starts to come out
			 of the machine)
		Vince got a great review.  He'll be
		insufferable.  Tonight,  PEN dinner --


		Am I going?


		You promised.


		Can't I just give them money?  That's the
		cause?  Free Albanian writers?  I'm for
		that.

	Patricia drains another cup of espresso, looks at him.


		All right, I'll go.  You're late.


		I know I know I know.

	She tears out of the kitchen and the door slams behind her.

	Hold on Joe, listening as he hears the elevator door open and
	close on the landing outside.



	As he comes in and sits down at his laptop computer and logs 
	on.


		Welcome... You've got mail.

	And as he starts to read his letter, we hear:


		I like to start my notes to you as if
		we're already in the middle of a
		conversation.  I pretend that we're 
		the oldest and dearest friends --
		as opposed to what we actually are,
		people who don't know each other's names
		and met in a Chat Room where we both
		claimed we'd never been before.



	As Joe, dressed for work, takes the elevator down with his
	elevator man CHARLIE.  There's a certain amount of Good
	morning, etc., as the elevator goes down and the voice-over
	continues:


		What will he say today, I wonder.  I turn
		on my computer, I wait impatiently as it
		boots up.



	As Joe comes out of his building.


		I go on line, and my breath catches in my
		chest until I hear three little words:
		You've got mail.

	And the camera now pans from 152 Riverside uptown to:




		I hear nothing, not even a sound on the
		streets of New York, just the beat of my
		own heart.  I have mail.  From you.



	As Kathleen comes onto Broadway at the corner of 83rd Street
	and starts downtown.

	Through a long lens we can see Joe, walking into blocks behind
	her.

	As Kathleen and Joe make their way down Broadway we see the
	West Side of Manhattan in the morning.  Mothers and fathers
	taking their kids to school, people on their way to work,
	dogs being walked.  School buses picking up kids, bakery
	trucks dropping off brown bags of bread in the doorframes of
	unopened restaurants.

	Kathleen stops at a newsstand, says good morning to the 
	newsstand dealer, and picks up a New York Times.

	Metal grates are pulled up to open flower shops, nail salons,
	the pharmacy, fish store, the Cuban Chinese Restaurant,
	Zabar's.

	Joe stops at the same newsstand.  He buys all the papers --
	the Times, Wall Street Journal, Post and Daily News.



	As Kathleen picks up her coffee, walks out.



	As Kathleen walks down Columbus, we see Joe a block behind
	her.  She stops to buy flowers and Joe passes her, crosses to
	the Ease side of Columbus Avenue.



	A building under construction, with plywood board covering
	the front and wrapping around the corner.  Joe goes to a side
	entrance and enters.



	As Kathleen comes around the corner onto 73rd and stops in
	front of her store, a children's bookstore called "The Shop
	Around the Corner."  It is an irresistibly inviting store.
	There are twinkle lights in the windows, framing large
	stuffed animals reading children's books: Madeleine, Good
	Night Moon, Where the Wild Things Are.  A teddy bear in a 
	pinafore is reading The Stupids Step Out.  Waiting for
	Kathleen in front is one of her employees, CHRISTINA.


		Hello, Christina.  It's a beautiful day.
		Isn't it the most beautiful day?

	Christina looks up at the sky as if seeing it for the first
	time.


		I guess.  Yeah, sure.

	Kathleen unlocks the shop and cranks the grate, which
	rises, making a horrible noise.  Two cabs almost collide in
	front of the store, with a screech, and one cabdriver starts
	yelling obscenities at the other.  Kathleen unlocks the door
	to the store.


		Don't you love New York in the fall?

	Christina looks at her puzzled.



	Kathleen turns the CLOSED sign on the door over to read
	"OPEN" and she activates the computer system.  She looks
	around, and we see a small but charming children's bookstore,
	with wooden shelves, a tiny area where kids can sit and read,
	some charming posters and a glass case full of first editions
	of the Oz books and Alice In Wonderland, etc.  There's a 
	playful display of witches, lit with twinkle lights covered
	with orange pumpkin globes and a sign reading "The Ten Best
	Witch List"  and a collection of witch books -- "The Lion, The 
	Witch and the Wardrobe," "The Witches," "The Wizard of Oz."
	On the counter is a glass jar full of sugar-free lollipops.

	Kathleen hangs up her coat in the back of the store and
	suddenly stops to daydream.  A smile creeps onto her face.
	Christina looks at her.


		What's going on with you?


		Nothing.


		You're in love.


		In love?  No.  Yes.  Of course I am.
		I'm in love with Frank.  I'm practically
		living with Frank.  Do you think you
		could get our Christmas mailers out this
		week?


		By Monday I promise.  I have a paper due
		Friday.  Now what's going on?
			
		I'm just going to stand here till you tell
		me.

	A beat.


		Is it infidelity if you're involved with
		someone on E-mail?


		Have you had sex?


		Of course not.  I don't even know him.


		I mean cybersex.


		No!


		Well, don't do it.  The minute you do,
		they lose all respect for you.


		It's not like that.  We just E-mail.
		It's really nothing, on top of which I'm
		definitely thinking of stopping because
		it's getting --


		Out of hand?


		Confusing.  But not really.  Because it's
		nothing.


		Where did you meet him?


		I can't even remember.
			
		The day I turned thirty I wandered into
		the Over Thirty Room for a joke, sort of
		and he was there, and we started 
		chatting.


		About what?


		Books.  Music.  How much we both love New
		York.  Harmless.  Harmless.  Meaningless.
			
		Bouquets of sharpened pencils.


		Excuse me?


		Forget it.  We don't talk about anything
		personal.  We made a rule about that.
		I don't know his name, what he does or
		exactly where he lives, so it will be
		really easy to stop seeing him, because
		I'm not.


		God, he could be the next person to talk
		into the store.  He could be...
			
		George.

	GEORGE PAPPAS, in his twenties, one of Kathleen's 
	salespeople, is a cute guy who has no idea that he's supposed
	to look in the mirror when he gets dressed.


		Morning.


		Are you On Line?


		As far as I'm concerned, the Internet is
		just another way to be rejected by a 
		woman.

	BIRDIE walks in.  She is in her seventies, has white hair,
	and is tiny, like a little sparrow.  She is the store's
	oldest employee, having worked there for over forty years,
	and serves as a accountant as well as salesperson.


		Good morning, Birdie.


		What are you all talking about?


		Cybersex.


		I tried to have cybersex once but I kept
		getting a busy signal.


		I know, I know.  One Saturday night I was
		really depressed about not having a date,
		so I thought, no problemo, I'll go on
		line and I won't be lonely, but I 
		couldn't get on, there were hundreds of
		thousands of people who didn't have dates
		trying to get on.

		You have to wonder which is harder,
		getting a date or getting On Line when
		you don't have a date.


		Getting a date is harder.

	We hear the bell jingle as TWO WEST SIDE MOTHERS come in with 
	two KIDS IN STROLLERS.


			
		Jessica and Maia, how are you today?

	We hear the sound of the garbage truck.  Kathleen goes out
	the front door to:



	As the commercial garbage truck pulls up and TWO GARBAGEMEN 
	start to load her trash.


		Hey, you forgot to pick up the garbage
		last week and I got a ticket.  And you're
		late today -- I could have gotten
		another.


		We were here, there was no garbage.


		Yeah.


		Of course there was --


		What do you think, I don't want to pick
		up garbage?  You think I go up and down
		the street picking up garbage, I'm not
		going to pick up yours?  What's the
		matter with you?


		Yeah.

	Kathleen is standing there, tongue-tied.


		You don't even bundle it right, you're
		supposed to bundle it and leave it near
		the curb, you leave it near the store
		and you use cheap garbage bags, they
		smear all over the place, and then I got
		to pick it up with my shovel --



	As Christina, who's helping one of the customers, looks out
	the window as the harangue continues.




		And now you're busting my chops.  You're
		just another garbage pick-up to us, okay?


		Yeah.

	As Kathleen continues to stand there, speechless.



	As Kathleen comes back into the store.  Christina is ringing
	up a sale.


		That guy went ballistic on me.


		I hope you told him off.


		Not exactly.

	Another customer enters the store.  The bell jingles.



	A little truck carrying a knife sharpener, its bells ringing,
	passes the building under construction.



	WORKERS, ELECTRICIANS, MASONS, CARPENTERS, etc. in the 
	process of building what looks like a large store.  Wires
	hanging everywhere.


		The electrical contractor called.  His
		truck hit a deer last night, he won't be
		in 'til tomorrow.  The shelves are late
		because the shipment of pine had beetles.
		And there's some question about whether
		we're installing the stairs in the right
		spot --


		That sounds great.


		Testing one two three four.


		Is the electrician here?


		I just told you -- he hit a deer.


		I hear nothing.  Not a sound on the city
		streets, just the beat of my own heart.
		I think that's the way it goes.
		Something like that.


			
		Did you and Patricia get engaged?


		Engaged?  Are you crazy?


		I thought you liked Patricia --


		I love Patricia.  Patricia's amazing.
		Patricia makes coffee nervous.
			
		Are we still on schedule?


		We open two weeks before Thanksgiving.


		I guess we should announce ourselves
		soon.  Tell people we're coming.


		This is the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
		The minute they hear they'll be lining up



		-- to picket --


		-- the big bad --


		--chain store --


		-- that destroys --


		-- everything we hold dear.  But we'll
		seduce them with our square footage and
		our deep armchairs and our amazingly
		swift checkout lines and our discounts
		and our...


			
		-- cappuccino.


		They hate us in the beginning, but we 
		get them in the end.  Meanwhile we 
		should just put up a sign -- Coming soon, 
		a Foxbooks Superstore and The End of
		Western Civilization As We Know It.



	Joe is in the office with his father, NELSON FOX, and his
	grandfather, SCHUYLER FOX.  The office has been recently
	redecorated; everything is new and a little overdone.

	On the wall we see the Foxbooks logo.


		Kevin and I are both a little concerned
		about the neighborhood response --
			(suddenly notices the garish
			 couch)
		What is this fabric?  Does it have a
		name?


		Money.  Its name is money.


		Gillian selected it.


		Of course.


		Your father is getting married again.


		Oh, great, congratulations, Dad.  Why?


		Who knows?  Why does anyone get married?


		Love.


		Yes, that is one reason.


		I think you're a damn fool.


		Dad, Matthew is four.  It would be nice
		for him if his parents were married.


		Annabel is eight and I'm not married to
		her mother.  I can't even remember her
		mother's name.
			


		I have a very sad announcement to make.
		City Books on 23rd Street is going under


	Nelson, Shuyler, and Joe high-five each other.


		Another independent bookstore bites the
		dust --


		On to the next.


		And I'm buying their entire stock --
		architecture, New York history -- for the
		new store.


		How much are your paying?


		Whatever it costs, it won't be as much as
		this exquisite mohair episode.
			
		We're also going to have a section on
		West Side Writers --


		-- as a sop to the neighborhood.


		Perfect.  It'll keep those West Side
		liberal nut pseudo-intellectual bleeding
		hearts --


		Readers.  They're called readers.


		Don't romanticize them.  It'll keep them
		from jumping down your throat --


		What's the competition?


		One mystery store.  Sleuth, on 86th and
		Amsterdam.  And a children's bookstore.
		The Shop Around the Corner.  Been there
		forever.


		Cecilia's store.


		Who's that?


		Cecilia Kelly, lovely woman.  I think we
		might have had a date once.  Or maybe we
		just exchange letters.


		You wrote her letters?


		Mail.  It was called mail.


			(fondly nostalgic and kidding
			 it slightly)
		Stamps.  Envelopes.


		Wait.  I've heard of it.  It was a means
		of communication before I was born.


		Exactly.


		Cecilia had beautiful penmanship.
		She was too young for me, but she was...
		enchanting.  Her daughter owns it now.


		Too bad for her.

	As a DECORATOR walks into the office carrying a pile of
	upholstered pillows, and Joe turns to look at them.


		Welcome.  You've got mail.


		My father is getting married again.  For
		five years he's been living with a woman
		who studied decorating at Caesar's
		Palace.


		You've got mail.



	Kathleen looks up from her book as a butterfly flies through
	the subway car.


		Once I read a story about a butterfly in
		the subway, and today I saw one. I
		couldn't believe it.  It got on at 42nd

			

	The train comes to a stop.  The butterfly flies out.


		-- and got off at 59th, where I assume it
		was going to Bloomindale's to buy a hat
		that will turn out to be a mistake.  As
		almost all hats are.



	A flour truck is unloading flour into a hole in the ground.


		Did you know that every night a truck
		pulls up to H&amp;H Bagels and pumps about a
		ton of flour into the ground?  The air is
		absolutely amazing.

	As Joe comes around the corner and sees the dust filling the
	air.  It is amazing.


		I guess I've read Pride &amp; Prejudice about
		100 times --



	As Joe reads a copy of Pride and Prejudice.  He can't stand
	it.


		-- and every time I read it I worry that
		Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy are not going to
		get together -- but the truth is whenever
		I think about my favorite book I always
		think about the books I read as a child --



	As Kathleen takes a copy of Homer Price off the shelf.


		Did you ever read Homer Price?  My all-
		time favorite children's book.
			

	She opens it to the illustration of the doughnut machine that
	won't stop making doughnuts.

				JOE 
		There's a doughnut machine in it that
		won't stop making doughnuts, they just
		keep coming down the chute just as
		regular as a clock can tick.




		Have you been to Krispy Kreme?
			

	Joe, eating a doughnut, looks through the window at the huge
	doughnut machine as the doughnuts roll down the chute just as
	regular as a clock can tick.

				KATHLEEN 
		There's a doughnut machine right in the
		window that makes 110 dozen doughnuts an
		hour.



	As Joe leaves with his morning coffee.



	Joe goes to his painter at work: COMING SOON is as far as he's
	gotten.



	She enters Starbucks.



	As Kathleen buys her morning coffee and listens to everyone
	ordering.

	We can hear the sounds of Starbucks: "Short decaf cap,"  "Tall
	mocha latte."  "Grande lowfat regular."  Etc.



	The painter is further along on the sign.  It now reads:


	Kathleen walks past the construction site.  She doesn't
	really pay attention to the sign painter.

	We see two police cars barreling up 75th Street, followed by
	a television news truck.



	The police cars and TV truck barrel uptown.

	EXT. 101st STREET - CONTINUOUS

	They turn left onto West 101st and stop in front of an
	apartment building on the block.  There are more police cars
	and a horde of television reporters with microphones, etc.

	George emerges from the building as a newscaster broadcasts.


		The body of a woman was found this
		morning on the roof of a New York
		building...

	As George comes out of his building into a horde of REPORTERS
	with microphones, cameras, etc. and listens to the reporter,
	who, seeing George, sticks the microphone into his face.


		Here is a resident of the building.  Your
		name, please?


		George Pappas.


		Did you see or hear anything unusual last
		night?


		No.  I didn't go out.

	At that moment, George sees a young woman.  This is MEREDITH
	CARTER.  He is struck dumb.


		The victim was red-haired, about thirty-
		five, wearing a jogging suit.  Did you
		encounter anyone by that description
		in the building?  Sir?

	George hasn't heard a word.


		Have there been any wild parties 
		lately?

	George doesn't answer.


		Could it perhaps be one of your
		neighbors?

	George continues to stare at the beautiful woman.  As he
	does, she notices him.  She stares back.  The reporter,
	ignored, finally turns away.


			
		As you can see, no one here knows
		anything.

	He continues to stand there, dumbstruck for a moment.
	Meredith Carter starts to walk away.



	As George walks along Broadway, past the sign, which now
	says: "COMING SOON: A FOXBOOKS SUPERSTORE".  He sees it.



	Kathleen and several CUSTOMERS in the store.

	George walks in and goes to the back to hang up his coat.
	Christina is unpacking boxes.  Birdie is at the desk.  George
	looks at Christina meaningfully.


			
		What?


		The . I had one. I
		never believed in them, but I just had
		one.


		Is that the thing where you get cold
		suddenly, bang?


		No, that's the .


		I had that.


		The  is where you get
		love suddenly, bang.  A thunderbolt.


		I had that too.  Only I had it in
		Seville, where it was called ,
		.


		I don't know her name, or anything about
		her.  I may never see her again.


		And if you ever do meet her, you'll find
		out all the horrible details, and that
		will be that.  She'll turn out to have
		pictures of the Virgin Mary all over the
		walls.


		I won't care.

	Kathleen sticks her head into the back.


		Can someone help me out here?


		George had a .


		And Christina's making fun of me.


		Don't let her.  I believe in this, I
		completely believe in this.  It happened
		to Madame Bovary, at least six times.


		And she was wrong every time.


		Yes!
			
		Who was she?


		I don't know.  She was standing outside
		my building with the police and the
		reporters.


		What police and reporters?


		Someone died.


		Who?


		I have no idea about that either.
		They found her on the roof.


		A dead body.  That's so sad.  But
		you fell in love.  That's so great.


		Oh.  One other thing.



	The sign is now complete and it says: "Coming soon, just
	around the corner.  A Foxbooks Superstore."

	Kathleen and George and Christina stand there looking at it.


		Quel nightmare.


		It has nothing to do with us. It's
		big, impersonal, overstocked and 
		full of ignorant salespeople.


		But they discount.


		But they don't provide any service.  We
		do.

	George and Christina nod.



	Kathleen is having lunch with Birdie.


		So really it's a good development.  You
		know how in the flower district, there
		are all these flower shops in a row so
		you can find whatever you want.  Well,
		this is going to be the book district.
		If you don't have it, we do.


		And vice versa.



	Kathleen in the kitchen, unloading groceries.  Frank is
	standing there, plugging in an Olympia Report deluxe Electric
	typewriter.


		When you are finished with Foxbooks, the
		Shop Around the Corner is going to be
		responsible for reversing the entire
		course of the Industrial Revolution.


		That is so sweet, Frank.  Thank you.
		That is so sweet.


		Hey --

	He holds his arms out.  They hug.


		Although...


		What?


			(over his shoulder, she notices
			 the typewriter, breaks from
			 the hug)
		What is that doing there?


		Listen to it.  Just listen--

	He strikes a key.  Practically swoons.


		The Olympia Report deluxe Electric
		Report.  As in gunshot.


		That sound is familiar.


		Now listen to this.

	He puts his ear to the typewriter.

	Kathleen listens too.


		That whirring?


		The gentle and soothing lullaby of a
		piece of machinery so perfect --


		I know where I've heard it before.  I
		know.

	She whips a cover off the other typewriter on the table.
	It's the same machine exactly.


		I needed a backup.


		Don't you have another one at your
		apartment?


		I might, I might.  So what?


		You're turning my apartment into a
		typewriter museum.


		I'll stop.  I'll try.  I probably can't.
		I see one and my knees go weak.  Anyway,
		what were you starting to say?


		When?


		Before.


		Nothing.


		Come on.


		I don't know.  I was just wondering about
		my work and all.  I mean, what is it I do
		exactly?  All I really do is run a 
		bookstore --


		All you really do is this incredibly
		noble thing --

	Kathleen nods.


		But I don't know if I --


			
		Kathleen --


		But I just --


		You are a lone reed.

	Kathleen looks puzzled.

	He sticks a piece of paper in the typewriter, starts typing.


		You are a lone reed waving in the 
		breeze standing strong and tall in 
		the corrupt sands of commerce.

	He whips the piece of paper out of the typewriter and hands
	it to her.


			
		I am a lone reed.
			
		I am a lone reed.

	Clutching her piece of paper, she wanders into the bathroom.



	We hear the sound of a typewriter begin to clack away in the
	next room.

	Kathleen walks past her computer, looks at it.  Then she goes
	over to the window, looks out at her street at dusk.



	A group of schoolgirls in uniform, in two straight lines,
	walk past with a tall woman.



	She goes over to the bookshelf and pulls out a copy of
	Madeleine by Ludwig Bemelmans and opens it to the
	illustration of the twelve little girls in two straight lines
	marching through the streets of Paris.  She looks at it, then
	looks up, lost in thought.  We hear the sound of the computer
	keys.


		Sometimes I wonder about my life.  I lead
		a small life.  Well, not small, but
		circumscribed.  And sometimes I wonder,
		do I do it because I like it, or because
		I haven't been brave?  So much of what I
		see reminds me of something I read in a
		book, when shouldn't it be the other way
		around?
			

	And hold on her as she thinks about this.

	In the other room, we hear Frank typing.

	Kathleen goes to the computer, turns it on.



	As we see Kathleen, through her curtains, a small figure
	barely lit by her computer.

				KATHLEEN 
		I don't really want an answer.  I just
		want to send this cosmic question out
		into the void.  So goodnight, dear void.



	Drip is a cafe on Amsterdam Avenue with Fifties-style couches
	and chairs in cozy seating arrangements.  Kathleen is
	standing at the front counter with Christina, getting drinks.


		I went to the Foxbooks Website and you
		can buy anything.  They ship it to you
		in a day.  Maybe we should get a website.


		My mother would never have wanted us to
		have a website.  "Every book you sell is
		a gift from your heart."  She always said
		that.

	As they walk toward the back of the cafe, Kathleen notices a 
	stack of loose-leaf binders on the table.


		What if they put us out of business?


		It's out of the question.  We're a
		fixture in the neighborhood.  We're
		practically a landmark.
			
		Men For Women, Women for Men, Women for
		Women -- what is this?


		You fill out one of these forms and they
		file it in the book and if someone wants
		to meet you, they arrange it.


		What a stupid way to meet someone.


		Compared to the Internet?


		My little thing on the Internet is just
		a lark.


		So it's still going on?


		And I do not plan to meet him.
			
		Why do I get the feeling that you are in
		here somewhere?

	Christina flips the book open to her application.


		I came in here one night and drank too
		much coffee and filled one out.
			
		Well how am I supposed to meet someone?


		You are a runner.  Some day you will make
		eye contact with another runner and --


		No one ever even looks at me.  They
		don't.  On top of which, who are they?
		They could like the symphony.  I could
		never fall in love with someone who 
		likes to go to the symphony --


		I know.  What are you supposed to do
		there?


		I don't know.


		Sit.  You're supposed to sit.


		I could never fall in love with anyone
		who smokes cigars either.


		I'll tell you what I hate.  Big fat legs
		like stumps.


		Yeah.  I hate that too.


		The worst, the worst -- I could never,
		under any circumstances, love anybody
		who had a sailboat.


		Neither could I.


		If I had to get up on Saturday morning
		knowing that I was about to go down to
		the pier and unravel all those ropes and
		put on all that sunblock --


		All that talk about the wind.


		And then you have to go out on the boat,
		and you sail and sail and sail until you
		are bored witless, and then, only then,
		do they say, let's turn around and you
		realize the trip is only half over, only
		it's not, because the wind has changed --


		It hasn't changed.  It's died.


		So then there's more talk about the wind.
		While you just float up and down trying
		not to get nauseous.  And when you
		finally get back, you have to clean up
		the boat.


		Why don't people have boat maids?


		I know.  There're all these people who
		wouldn't be caught dead polishing a
		doorknob in their house but put them on 
		a boat and they want to rub down 
		everything in sight.



	Joe is on his sailboat.  He is polishing his brass and
	whistling.


		Joe --

	Joe jumps off the boat onto the dock to greet his
	grandfather's daughter ANNABEL, 8, who is coming toward the
	dock with GILLIAN, his father's overdecorated 32-year-old
	fiance, her son, MATTHEW, 4, and the Nanny, MAUREEN.


		Hello.
			
		Annabel, how are you today?


		Great.


			
		Hey, big guy --


		Don't I get a hello?


		Hello, Gillian.


		Kiss me.  I'm going to be your wicked
		stepmother.

	Joe gives her a peck on the cheek.


		Who is this?


		Nanny Maureen.  I brought her in case
		you couldn't handle the kids.


		Maureen's getting a divorce.


		I'm sorry to hear that.


		It's my own fault.  Never marry a man
		who lies.


		That is so wise.  Remember that, Annabel.


		She taught Matt to spell his name.


		Fox. F-O-X.


		Excellent, Matt.
			
		Good work.  You can have the day off.
		I'll take over from here.
			
		You must be late for something.
		Volunteer work at the Henry Street
		Settlement.  Packing bandages for
		Bosnian refugees.  A course in 
		Chinese literature at Columbia.


		I am.  I'm having my eggs harvested.



	There's a block street fair with little booths, sausage
	sandwich concessions, etc.  Annabel and Matt have been to the
	makeup booth.  Annabel is a cat and Matt is a pirate.
	Annabel is carrying a goldfish in a baggie as they walk toward
	Broadway.



	As Joe, Annabel and Matt walk past.  There's some sort of toy
	miniature princess in a pointed hat sitting outside the store
	and a sign lit with twinkle lights: Storybook Lady today 3:30.



	Kathleen is sitting on a stool reading to a group of CHILDREN,
	including Annabel and Matt, who are crammed into her store.
	Joe is watching, along with some PARENTS as Kathleen reads 
	from a Roald Dahl book.



	Matt is sitting on the floor reading a book.  Kathleen is 
	showing Annabel a copy of a book called Betsy-Tacy.


		This is her best friend Tacy, whose real
		name is Anastasia, and then in the next
		book Betsy and Tacy become friends with
		Tib, whose real name, I am sorry to tell
		you, is Thelma.

	In another section of the store:

	George is showing Joe a first edition of Swiss Family
	Robinson from the glass case.


		The illustrations are hand-tipped,
		which is why --


		It costs so much.


		It's why it's  so much.

	Joe smiles and turns to see Kathleen and Annabel at a whole
	shelf of Betsy-Tacy books.


		I want all of them.


		That might be an awful lot for your dad
		to buy at one time.


		My dad gets me all the books I want.


			
		Well, that's very nice of him.


		That's not my dad.  That's my nephew --


		Oh, I don't really think that's your
		nephew --

	As Joe approaches.


		It's true.  Annabel is my aunt.  Aren't
		you, Aunt Annabel?

	Annabel nods solemnly.


		And Matt is --


		Let me guess.
			
		Are you his uncle?


		No.


		His grandfather?

	Annabel and Matt start giggling.

				KATHLEEN 
		His great-grandfather?


			
		I'm his brother.


		Annabel is my grandfather's daughter.
		And Matt is my father's son.  We are an
		American family.

	He smiles at Kathleen, who finds herself smiling back.

	Annabel suddenly sneezes.

	Kathleen takes a handkerchief from her sleeve.  It's an old
	fashioned hankie that's embroidered.  She offers it to
	Annabel, who instead wipes her nose with her hand and then
	looks at the handkerchief, a little puzzled.


		What is that?


		A handkerchief.  Oh my, do children not
		even know what handkerchiefs are?  A
		handkerchief is a Kleenex you don't throw
		away.  My mother embroidered it for me --
		you see?  My initials and a daisy, 
		because daisies are my favorite flower.


		Orchids are my favorite flower.


			
		You know what else children don't know?
		They don't know what a telephone booth
		is?

	Joe is looking at Kathleen.


		Who are you?


		Kathleen Kelly.  I own this store.
		Are you are?


		Joe.  Just call me Joe.
			
		We'll take these books.

	He gets the one Matt is reading.  And the two other Kathleen
	has gotten for Annabel.


		These are wonderful books.  As Annabel
		gets older the characters in the books do,
		too.
			
		You can grow up with Betsy.


		You're going to come back again, aren't
		you?


		Of course.


		This is why we're never going to go
		under.  Our customers are loyal.


			
		They're opening a Foxbooks around the
		corner.


		Foxbooks!  My Daddy --


			(gently putting his hand over
			 her mouth)
		-- likes to buy at discount.  Don't tell
		anyone that, Annabel, it's nothing to be
		proud of --


			



		That's amazing.  You can spell fox.  Can
		you spell dog?





		Matt, look at this dinosaur book.
		Wouldn't you like a dinosaur book?
		Annabel, maybe you could read this to
		Matt while I wrap things up here.
			(moves them to a corner, to
			 them quickly)
		Sit down, read, and don't listen to
		anything I say.

	Returns to counter and gives Kathleen some cash.


		And the dinosaur book too.


		The world is not driven by discounts,
		believe me.  I've been in business
		forever.  I started helping my mother
		here after school when I was six years
		old.  I used to watch her, and it wasn't
		that she was selling books, it was that
		she was helping people become whoever
		they were going to turn out to be.  When
		you read a book as a child it becomes
		part of your identity in a way that no
		other reading in your life does.
			
		I guess I've gotten carried away.


		You have, and you've made me feel...

	He can't finish the sentence.  He looks at her and sees,
	behind her on the shelf, a picture of a woman who is
	unmistakably Kathleen's mother, with a young Kathleen.

			     JOE 
		Enchanting, your mother was enchanting.


		She was.  How did you know that?


		Lucky guess.


		Anyway.  She left the store to me, and
		I'm going to leave it to my daughter.


		How old is your daughter now?


		Oh, I'm not married.  But eventually.

	She smiles at Joe...


		So Foxbooks can...


		Go to hell.


			
		Here you go.


		We ready?

	Annabel and Matt join him at the counter.  Kathleen gives them
	each a lollipop.


		Bye, Kathleen.


		Goodbye, Annabel.  Bye, Matt.  What
		about cat?  Can you spell cat?






	Someplace like the auditorium at the Museum of Broadcasting.
	PATRICIA EDEN, Joe's girlfriend, who is the editor-in-chief
	of a New York publishing house called Eden Books, is standing
	at a podium at a sales conference.  In the audience are sales
	reps, wholesalers, etc.  There's a screen behind her with
	pictures of the authors being flashed on it as she speaks.

			     PATRICIA 
		And now, the book you've all been waiting
		for, the book it's been my dreams to
		publish.  The legendary Veronica Grant
		has written her memoirs --

	There's a burst of applause as a photograph of Veronica Grant
	flashes on screen.

			     PATRICIA 
		-- and I'm happy to report it is just
		crammed with tragedy.
			
		Just kidding, but seriously, it's all
		here: poverty, addiction, divorce,
		tracheotomies --

	We see pictures of Veronica at eight with her sharecropper
	family, Veronica at 14 with her first child, Veronica with a
	series of husbands, Veronica in a wheelchair, etc.

			     PATRICIA 
		-- her third husband beat her up, hip
		replacement, and an amazing face lift
		where all the injected fat fell to her
		chin.

	Now we see a blow-up of the book's jacket, with a picture of
	Veronica on it and the title: "Am I Rising from Ashes, or Did
	I Just Forget to Dust?"

			     PATRICIA 
		This book is fabulous.  And even if it
		weren't, it would sell like crazy,
		because Veronica is going to plug it to
		death on every talk show in America.
		This book...

	Patricia bursts into tears.

			     PATRICIA 
		I'm sorry.  I can't talk about it without
		crying.  Veronica and I have so much in
		common -- well, not all the sad parts --
		but we were both famous by the time we
		were 29 and, believe me, that's rough.
			(wipes her nose with a Kleenex,
			 pulling herself together)
		Anyway, I just want to say that I'm
		especially thrilled to be publishing it.
		Veronica lives in my building and we met
		in the elevator.  By the time we had
		traveled from the eighth floor to the
		first, we had a deal.  First printing:
		one million copies.

	Everyone applauds enthusiastically.



	Patricia is leaving, still surrounded by colleagues and sales
	reps congratulating her.  She is the soul of graciousness.
	Her assistant, Sarah, comes up.


			
		You have a dentist appointment in twenty 
		minutes.  So you should leave soon...


		What's my car number?


		Car?  You didn't say anything about a car



		Are you an idiot?  Of course I need a car.
		God!

	She walks toward the exit.



	Patricia in the pouring rain, trying to hail a cab.  She
	spots one across the street.


		Taxi!  Taxi!  Taxi!

	She whistles -- a longshoreman's whistle.

	The cab makes a U-turn, but instead of stopping for Patricia
	it stops about twenty feet ahead for a MAN in an overcoat who
	gets into it.


		Excuse me -- what are you doing?  This is
		my taxicab.
			
		Don't take him.  I am telling you right
		now, and I am memorizing your number,
		don't take him.
			
		Who the fuck do you think you are?


		Are you going uptown?


		Yes.


		Get in.  I'll drop you.



	As the cab turns onto Eighth Avenue, starts uptown.

	Patricia is dialing her cell phone.  She's elaborately
	ignoring the man who stole her cab.


		Veronica, it's Patricia, you should have
		been there, it was unbelievable, we're
		going to sell truckloads of your book.
		Call me.

	She hangs up, folds up the phone, puts it back in her purse
	as the cab moves on.


		Are you an editor?


		Yes.


		I am a rabbi.


		Oh, my God, I said fuck to a rabbi.  I'm
		sorry.


		I hope you don't mind my asking, but are
		you Jewish?


		Yes.


		You should come to our temple.


		I'm not really religious.


		Oh, I am surprised, you seem like a very
		religious person.


		You're kidding, right?


		We are at West End Avenue and 83rd
		Street.  Every Friday night, we have a
		joyous time, everyone dancing, everyone
		singing.  Also some wisdom.  Perhaps you
		have heard of us, we are known as The
		Singles Temple.

	He smiles at her.


		It's a very good place to calm down.

	The cab stops.


		Oh, look, I am already here.  Very nice
		to meet you.
			
		Take this woman to her destination.

	He gets out.  Closes the door.  A beat too late:


		Goodbye.



	Frank comes up the stoop.



	Kathleen is dressed up for a party.

	Frank walks in, looks meaningfully at her.


		I saw him.  I actually saw him.


		Who?


		I can't believe it.  I saw William
		Spungeon.


		I thought he was in Mexico.


		Maybe he's in Mexico, but today he was in
		New York.  The most brilliant and
		reclusive novelist in the history of the
		world is here, in this neighborhood.  He
		may be living on this very block.


		Where did you see him?


		I was on the subway --




		-- and this musician got onto the train --

	Frank is sitting on the subway, reading the Village Voice.
	The door between the cars opens and a man playing the 
	clarinet enters the car.

	No one looks up except Frank.


		-- and I suddenly saw him, sitting
		directly across from me doing the
		crossword puzzle.


		How'd you know it was him?


		He looked exactly the same as his high
		school yearbook picture, which happens to
		be the last photograph ever taken of him.

	Frank takes out his billfold on the subway, pulls out a piece
	of paper.



	As Frank unfolds a newspaper clipping of a yearbook picture
	of William Spungeon at 17.

	Frank compares the photo of Spungeon with the person sitting
	across the way.  They don't look remotely alike except that
	the boy in the picture and the man on the subway are both
	wearing the same style glasses.

	The subway stops at 79th Street, and William Spungeon gets off.
	Frank follows.



	As Frank comes out of the subway station and looks around.


		So I followed him.

	Frank sees Spungeon cross 79th.  He follows.



	Frank follows Spungeon, who hurries into H&amp;H Bagels passing a
	HOMELESS MAN holding a paper cup at the door.


		He went into H&amp;H and bought a bagel
		with everything.



	As Spungeon leaves the store, passing the paper cup, which we
	now realize that Frank, in dark glasses, is holding.

	Spungeon drops his newspaper in a garbage container.


		He dropped his crossword into the 
		garbage and I rescued it.

	Frank plucks the puzzle from the trashcan, follows Spungeon.



	Spungeon at the counter in the shoe store.


		Then he went into a sporting good store
		and bought tube socks, 6 pair for $7.99.

	We see Frank, peeking out at him from behind a stack of
	running pants.  Suddenly he's distracted by a couple of
	joggers.


		William Spungeon and tube socks.


		I know.  I don't want to dwell on it.

	Frank looks back at the counter.  Spungeon's gone.


		And then I lost him.



	Frank waves the crossword puzzle in front of Kathleen.


		Do you know what this is worth?

	He takes an empty instant-frame from the closet, puts the
	puzzle into it and sets it next to the typewriters.



	As the two of them eat dinner.


		What I was thinking as I was trailing him
		was that eventually I would have the
		courage to say hello to him, you know,
		not in a horrible, intrusive or slavering
		fan-slash-acolyte kind of way, but more
		like, "Hi."  "How ya doing?"  "Have you
		ever thought about trading up in the sock
		area?"  "Who knows, maybe he's read my
		work -- and then we'd become friends, and
		eventually I'd introduce him to you --
		you know how much he loves children's
		books, there's a whole long section in
		Relativity's Smile about The Wizard of Oz
		-- and then maybe he'd come out of hiding
		so he could help save the store.


		What are you talking about?


		From Foxbooks.  I mean, if things got
		tough, he could help rally support --


		It's never going to get to that.  The
		store is fine.



	As they walk along after dinner.


		I don't even know why you would say that?


		Neither do I.  It just flew out of my
		mouth.


		There's enough business for us all.



	As they go up in an elevator.


		I mean, we're fine.


		You're more than fine, you're absolutely
		fine.


		We're fine.

	The elevator opens onto:



	A publication party for an author named VINCE MANCINI.  A mix
	of book people, journalists and various other media folk.


		Hey, Vince.  Congratulations.  You know
		Kathleen Kelly.


		How are you?


		Guess who I saw today on the subway?
		William Spungeon.


		I thought he was in Mexico.

	They start chatting.

	Across the room, Joe is with Patricia, who is telling two
	other people the story of meeting the rabbi in the taxicab.
	Joe looks over and sees Kathleen.  He suddenly looks
	stricken.

	Shifts his position so Kathleen can't see his face, but
	sneaks a look.


		Would you get me another drink, sweetie?
		I'm all out.
			
		So then the rabbi says, "It's a very good
		place to calm down."  Isn't that
		hysterical?

	They all laugh.  Joe moves over to the bar.


		Absolut on the rocks.

	As he is waiting, Kathleen comes up next to him.


		A white wine, please.
			
		Oh, hello.


		Hi.


		Remember me, from the bookstore?


		Of course I remember you.


		How's your aunt?


		Good.  She's good.
			
		I have to deliver this.  I have a very
		thirsty date.  She's part camel.

	Kathleen laughs.


		Joe.  It's Joe, isn't it?


		And you're Kathleen.

	Joe vanishes into the party.




		I can't believe you were talking to Joe
		Fox.


		Joe Fox?  As in --

	She can't even finish the sentence.



	Joe is standing at a table of food, his back to the room.


		Fox?  Your last name is Fox?

	Joe spins around, looks at her.





		God, I didn't realize.  I didn't know who
		you --
			


		-- were with.
			
		"I didn't know who you were with."


		Excuse me?


		It's from the Godfather.  When the movie
		producer realizes that Tom Hagen is the
		emissary of Vito Corleone --
			

	Kathleen is staring at him.

			     JOE 
		-- just before the horse's head ends up
		in his bed never mind --


		You were spying on me, weren't you?  You
		probably rented those children.


		Why would I spy on you?


		I am your competition.  Which you know
		perfectly well or you would not have put
		up that sign saying "Just around the
		Corner."


		The entrance to our store is around the
		corner.  There is no other way to say it.
		It's not the name of our store, it's
		where it is.  You don't own "around the
		corner."


		Next thing you'll be using twinkle
		lights.


		Twinkle lights?


		Little white Christmas lights that
		twinkle.  I use them in my window and on
		all my displays, as if you didn't notice.


		Look, the reason I came into your store
		is that I was spending the day with
		Annabel and Matt.  I like to buy them a
		present when I see them because I'm one
		of those guys who likes to buy his way
		into the hearts of children who are his
		relatives.  There was only one place to
		buy children's books in the neighborhood
		-- although that will not always be the
		case, and it was yours, and it is a
		charming little bookstore.  You probably
		sell $250,000 worth of book a year --


		How do you know that?


		I'm in the book business.


		 in the book business --


		Oh, I see, and we're the Price Club.
		Only instead of a ten-gallon can of olive
		oil for $3.99 that won't even fit into
		your kitchen cabinet, we're selling cheap
		books.  Me a spy.
			
		Absolutely.  And I managed to get my hands
		on a secret printout of the sales figures
		of a bookstore so inconsequential and yet
		full of its own virtue that I was instantly
		compelled to rush over and check it out
		for fear it would drive me out of business 


	Kathleen stares at him.  She's speechless.

			     JOE 
		What?
			
		What?

	Kathleen shakes her head.

	Frank turns up.


		Hi.  I'm Frank Navasky --


		-- Joe Fox.


		Joe Fox?  Inventor of the Superstore,
		enemy of the mid-list novel, destroyer of
		City Books -- tell me something:
		How do you sleep at night?

	Patricia joins them.


		I use a wonderful over-the-counter drug,
		Ultrasom.  Don't take the whole thing,
		just half, and you will wake up without
		even that tiniest hangover.  You're Frank
		Navasky, aren't you?


		Yes.


		Your last piece in the Independent, the
		one about Anthony Powell, was brilliant.
		I'm Patricia Eden, Eden Books.  Joe, this
		man is the greatest living expert on
		Julius and Ethel Rosenberg --


		And this is Kathleen Kelly --

	Kathleen glares at him.


		You liked my piece.  God, I'm flattered.
		You know you write these things and you
		think someone's going to mention them and
		then the whole week goes by and the phone
		doesn't ring, and you think Oh, God, I'm
		a fraud, a failure --


		You know what's always fascinated me
		about Julius and Ethel Rosenberg is how
		old they looked when they were really
		just our age.

	Everyone is stopped dead by this observation and looks at
	Patricia, who smiles at them all.


			
		I'm so happy to have finally met you.  We
		will talk.  Have you ever thought about
		doing a book?


		Oh sure, it's passed through my head.
		Something really relevant for today like
		the Luddite movement in 19th century
		England.

	At the same time:


		Patricia --


		Frank --



	As Kathleen and Frank get into bed.


		I really like Patricia Eden.  She's a
		very nice person.

	Kathleen doesn't respond.  Frank turns out the light.


		She needs educating, that's all.

	A beat.


		She's hopelessly driven by money and
		power, but there's a hope for anyone 
		who's that familiar with my work --

	On Kathleen, as she turns away from Frank and lies there,
	eyes open.



	As Joe and Patricia get into bed.  Brinkley is already on the
	bed.


		I had no idea that Frank Navasky was so
		down-to-earth.

	Joe doesn't respond.  Patricia turns out the light.


		You read his stuff, you think he's going
		to be so obscure and abstruse.

	A beat.

			     PATRICIA 
		He's always talking about Heidigger and
		Foucault and I have no idea what any of
		it's about, really.

	Joe gets up.  Brinkley follows.

			     PATRICIA 
		Where are you going?


		I'm not really tired.



	Joe writes on his computer.  Brinkley on the floor next to him.

	And cut between Joe and his computer screen.


		Do you ever feel you become the worst
		version of yourself?  That a Pandora's
		Box of all the secret hateful parts --
		your arrogance, your spite, your
		condescension -- has sprung open.
		Someone provokes you, and instead of 
		just smiling and moving on, you zing 
		them.  Hello, it's Mr. Nasty.  I'm sure 
		you have no idea what I'm talking about.



	And cut between screen and



	As Kathleen reads the end of Joe's letter.

	Kathleen hits the Reply key and starts to type:


		I know what you mean and I'm completely
		jealous.  What happens to me when I'm
		provoked is that I get tongue-tied.  My
		mind goes blank.  Then I spend all night
		tossing and turning trying to think of
		what I should have said.



	As he replies:


		Wouldn't it be wonderful if I could pass
		all my zingers to you and then I would
		never behave badly and you could behave
		badly all the time and we'd both be
		happy?  On the other hand, I must warn
		you that when you finally have the
		pleasure of saying the thing you mean to
		say at the moment you mean to say it,
		remorse inevitably follows.  Do you think
		we should meet?



	Kathleen stares at Joe's letter in her computer.

	She's frozen.


		Meet?  Omigod.

	She sits staring at the letter.  She has no idea what to do.



	As the iron gates on all the stores start to open, just the
	way we saw them open in the opening sequence of the movie.
	The pharmacy.  The optician.  The cosmetics supply store.
	The video store.

	And now, finally, we see the new grate on the new Foxbooks
	Superstore start to open upwards.  This is the finest grate
	on Broadway, no question of it.  It's electric and almost
	soundless.  We see a sign saying, OPENING DAY.  35% OFF ON


	People on the street notice the store.  One walks in...

	CAMERA follows him...



	The inside is beautiful.  Gleaning staircase, a cafe,
	comfortable chairs to sit, a bank of cashiers, everyone
	decked out in gray alligator shirts with a fox where the
	alligator should be, a rope for the checkout line, and seven
	cash registers with seven cashiers.  Of course, books, books,
	books, as far as the eye can see.





	The store is jam-packed.  Joe with his father Nelson, his
	grandfather Schuyler, and Kevin, the store manager.


		No pickets, no demonstrations.


		The neighborhood loves us.


		They're wondering where we've been all
		these years.  They're wondering how they
		ever did without it.


		It's a hit.

	They admire their own store, walk through the downstairs and
	start up the staircase to the second floor.


		How's the children's book department?


		It's early yet.  School isn't out.  And
		there's that children's bookstore nearby



		Cecilia's store --


		Her daughter's --


		We'll crush it --


		She was enchanting.

	And as they walk on upstairs, several mothers with children
	come up the stairs behind them.



	A little group of children dressed as Pilgrims walk down the
	street as Kathleen comes around the corner to buy her morning
	paper.  Joe is at the newsstand.  She turns and pretends to
	be staring at a wall until he finishes buying his paper and
	walks on.


		I don't think it's a good idea for us
		to meet...



	Joe is putting sugar into his coffee at the sugar counter as
	Kathleen comes in.  He pretends he didn't see her.

			     KATHLEEN 
		I love our relationship.  There's a lot
		going on in the day-to-dayness of my life
		and there's something magical...



	We see Kathleen and George at the end of the day, counting
	the receipts.  Birdie is using a calculator to total them.
	Christina is shelving books.  There are Thanksgiving
	decorations -- cardboard turkeys and pilgrims, books on
	colonists like Myles Standish.

			     KATHLEEN 
		... and thrilling about this island in
		cyberspace I have with you.  SO PLEASE



		About $1200 less than the same week last
		year.


		That could be a fluke, right?

	They look at each other.


		Or not.


		Their store is new.  It's a novelty.  But
		it will all shake out.  Do you think I
		should put up more twinkle lights?


		That's a lovely idea.


		What if we have to fold?  I'll never find
		another part time job and I won't be able
		to pay the rent and I'll have to move to
		Brooklyn.


		The joy of rent control.  Six room for
		$450 a month.


		We know.  You've told us a million times.
		I can't believe you're bringing it up at
		a time like this.  It's like bragging
		because you're tall.  Birdie never brags
		about her rent and she pays even less
		than you.


		Ten rooms.  I just rattle around from one
		to the other.


		Hey, guys.  We are not going to fold.

	The door opens, and Meredith Carter, the woman George had
	swooned over in front of his building, walks in.

	George stares, frozen in place, as she walks up to him.


		George Pappas?


			(I have died and gone to
			 heaven)
		Yes.


			
		Detective Carter, 23rd precinct.  I'd
		like to ask you a few questions.

	Kathleen suddenly sees George, following Meredith out of the
	store.  He's in a complete daze.


		George?  Where are you going?

	He goes out the door.

	LAURA MARGULIES, a well-known children's book author, enters
	as George leaves.


		Kathleen, are you surviving?


		Laura!  We're so excited about your new
		book.  When should we schedule your
		signing?


		Oh, it's being published in January.
		Are you going to be in business in
		January?  I'm so worried.


		We're doing great, aren't we?


		Great.


		No difference whatsoever.


		Thank God.  Well, you know you can count
		on me.  For anything, support, rallies.
		Picket lines.  We can get the Times to
		write something.  Or that nut in the
		Independent --


		What nut in the Independent?


		Frank Navasky.  This is just the sort of
		thing that would outrage him.

	She smiles brightly.



	George and Meredith are sitting in a booth.


		Mr. Pappas, I'm investigating the murder
		of the woman found on the roof of your
		building.  Do you live alone there?


		Do I live alone?  Yes I do.  Do you live
		alone?


		Yes.

	George takes her hand in his and looks at it as if it were
	the eighth wonder of the world.  He starts stroking it,
	caressing it...

	Meredith pulls it away.  A beat.  Then she gives it right
	back to him.  He continues stroking.  They stare at each
	other.  He puts her fingers into his mouth.


			
		What are you doing?


		I don't know.  I have no idea.


		You have to stop.


		I can't.

	She utters a little moan.



	They come into the apartment.  She throws herself into his
	arms.



	As Christina runs, desperately trying to make eye contact
	with men running in the opposite direction.  No one will look
	at her.



	The place is mobbed -- the usual crush the night before
	Thanksgiving.

	Kathleen, pushing a shopping cart, is trying to wedge her way
	through the crowd in the cheese department.  As she reaches
	across three people to grab some Brie, she sees Joe walk into
	the store.  Quickly, she turns her back so he can't see her.
	She stands there frozen.  A beat...

	Peeks around, doesn't see him anywhere.  Cranes her neck this
	way and that.  No Joe.



	Kathleen, now wearing dark glasses but looking not at all
	disguised, looks around and spots a short line and makes a
	beeline for it.

	At that moment, Joe comes from the Appetizing Department and
	gets on the line she was heading for.

	Panicked, Kathleen retreats onto another line and stands with
	her back to him.



	The CASHIER totals up Kathleen's purchases and Kathleen hands
	over her credit card.


		This is a Cash Only line.


		What?


		Cash Only.


		Omigod, I only have a credit card.  Is
		that okay?


		Of course it's not okay, there's a sign.


		There's a sign.


			
		She doesn't have cash.

	"She doesn't have cash" is repeated all the way down the
	line.

	Joe turns to see what's going on.


		Get on another line, lady.


		Oh, hello.


		Hello.


		Do you need some money?


		No, I don't need any money.  Thank you
		very much.


		Get on another line.


		Hi.
			
		Rose. Great name.  Rose, this is
		Kathleen, I'm Joe, and this is a credit
		card machine.  Happy Thanksgiving.

	Rose just stares at him.

			     JOE 
		Now it's your turn to say happy
		Thanksgiving back.


		Happy Thanksgiving back.

	Joe looks at her, winks.


		Mississippi is a hard word to spell.  How
		do you spell it?  I-T.
			
		Now take this credit card and put it
		through the machine, zip zip.

	The cashier, completely charmed, takes Kathleen's credit
	card.

	Kathleen is appalled.

	Everyone on the line signs irritably and audibly.


		So you're fine.


		Fine.


		Happy Thanksgiving.

	As Kathleen signs the charge slip and the cashier exasperatedly
	starts to put her groceries into a bag.



	An elegant East Side apartment.  Schuyler, his youngish
	French wife, YVETTE, Nelson, Gillian and their child Matt,
	and Joe are sitting and listening as Annabel sings Tomorrow.


		The sun'll come up tomorrow, bet your
		bottom dollar that tomorrow, there'll be
		sun --

	Joe is on a loveseat with Matt.  Gillian lifts Matt up, sits
	down in his place next to Joe and plunks Matt into her lap.
	Nelson is already seated in a chair in front of the loveseat
	and can't see her without turning around.

	As she continues singing, Gillian moves her hand next to
	Joe's leg.  Joe edges away.  He looks around the room, sees
	Nanny Maureen standing behind the couch.  He stands, offers
	her his seat.  She sits.



	A much more informal Thanksgiving dinner. We see the
	leftovers on a sideboard near a round table in Kathleen's
	living room.

	Kathleen, Frank, Birdie, Christina, George and George's new
	girlfriend, Meredith and TWO OTHER FRIENDS are standing
	around the upright piano.  Birdie is playing a Christmas
	song, and everyone is singing.

	As the singing continues, over, we cut to:



	As the Christmas decorations and twinkle lights go into the
	window.

	Birdie walks by the store.  She stops to look at the
	customers inside, and then notices a sign in the window:

	"Book Signing January 10 - Best Selling Children's Author
	Laura Margulies."  There's a picture of Laura Margulies.



	Kathleen is in the window decorating a little tree with
	lovely decorations from a box.  Two people are carrying a
	tree home, there's the sound of church bells.

	Kathleen looks up as a couple of people walk past the store,
	carrying Foxbooks shopping bags.

	Then she unwraps a pair of ruby slipper ornaments, and as she
	starts to hang them on the tree we hear the sound of the
	computer.


		This is such an odd Christmas.  I find
		myself missing my mother, who's been dead
		for ten years.  New York at Christmas is
		so loaded with all the things we used to
		do --



	As Young Kathleen, dressed in a little velvet dress, sits in
	the audience next to her mother watching the ballet.

			     KATHLEEN 
		-- going to the Nutcracker --



			     KATHLEEN 
		-- ice skating at Rockefeller Center,
		where I was knocked into a 6-year-old
		maniac --

	A SIX-YEAR-OLD BOY knocks into her.


		Hey, watch out --


		Me watch out, why don't you watch out?
		I'm not sliding around like a baby.  You
		think I come here to skate with babies?

	Young Kathleen's jaw drops and she stands there tongue-tied.


		My first experience as a speechless
		person.

	Her mother skates up and takes her hand.  The boy skates off.


		I always miss my mother at Christmas, but
		somehow it's worse this year since I need
		some advice from her.

	And we hear the sound of another computer.



	As he replies to Kathleen.


		My mother took me ice skating too --



	We see a little boy, YOUNG JOE, 8, skate past holding someone's
	hand --

			     JOE 
		-- although my mother did not skate.  The
		nanny skated --

	And we now see JOE'S NANNY, a young Sonja Henie, who suddenly
	peels off into a series of triple lutzes, as JOE'S MOTHER
	absently reads a copy of Vogue in the spectators' section.




		And I was  the Nutcracker.

	We see the stage now.  There's Young Joe, among the children
	at the Christmas party.

			     JOE 
		So was my nanny.

	As JOE'S NANNY #2 pirouettes past.

			     JOE 
		Different nanny.  By the way, I'm
		surprised you aren't a writer.  Although
		you probably  a writer and don't
		know it.  Are you a writer and  don't 
		know it?



	Young Joe, at the dinner table with his father.  A wide shot
	of a big room with a huge table and servants.  Joe looks very
	small at the table as he eats his soup.

			     JOE 
		My mother died when I was ten.  I was
		staying with my father, who is not famous
		for intimacy, and whose way of breaking
		the news of her death was to tell me she
		would not be coming to pick me up as
		usual.  It was a car accident, and I
		don't know where she was going or who she
		was with, and I assume what I owe her is
		my tendency to cover almost any emotion
		with a joke.  A useful gift, unless you
		want to know what you're feeling.  She
		was very beautiful.  People toss that
		word around a lot, but my mother was.

	The camera moves closer to the dining table.  We see that
	tears are rolling down little Joe's cheeks.



	Joe stops typing.  He is surprised to find his eyes watering.
	A moment of confusion as he cannot believe he has moved
	himself to tears.  Shakes his head, shakes the emotion off.
	Starts typing again.

			     JOE 
		Ancient history.  So what kind of advice
		do you need?  Can I help?



	Kathleen in bed with her laptop reading Joe's letter.

	She starts to type a response.

	Suddenly there's harp arpeggio and an Instant Message
	flashes on screen.

	From NY 152






		I had a gut feeling you would be on line
		now.



	Joe is in bed with his laptop.  And cut back and forth
	between them and their computer screens as they type Instant
	Messages to one another.  Possible split screens.

			     JOE 
		I can give you advice.  I'm great at
		advice.


		I don't think you can help.


		Is it about love?


		My business is in trouble.  My mother
		would have something wise to say.


		I'm a brilliant businessman.  It's what
		I do best.  What's your business?


		No specifics, remember?


		Minus specifics, it's hard to help.
		Except to say, go to the mattresses.


		What?


		It's from The Godfather.  It means you
		have to go to war.




			
		The Godfather?

	She starts to type.


		What is it with men and The Godfather?


		The Godfather is the I Ching.  The
		Godfather is the sum of all wisdom.  The
		Godfather is the answer to any question.
		What should I pack for my summer
		vacation?  "Leave the gun, take the
		cannoli."  What day of the week is it?
		"Maunday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday."
		And the answer to your question is "Go to
		the mattresses."
			



			     JOE 
		You're at war.  "It's not personal, it's
		business.  It's not personal it's
		business."  Recite that to yourself every
		time you feel you're losing your nerve.
		I know you worry about being brave, this
		is your chance.  Fight.  Fight to the
		death.



	Patricia comes in as Joe is waiting for Kathleen's response.


		Look what I bought.

	Joe types "Ciao" and signs off.  Looks up to see Patricia
	showing him a Plexiglas menorah.


		I was just passing this store on Columbus
		Avenue and it caught my eye.


		What is it?


		A Menorah.

		It doesn't look like a Menorah.


		I know.  I don't know what came over me.
		I don't even celebrate Hanukkah.



	As Kathleen logs off, Frank comes in.


		Frank, I've decided to go to the
		mattresses.  Do you think it would be a
		gigantic conflict of interest if you
		wrote something about us?



	It's January.  The store is more crowded than we've seen it.
	Frank is there with several copies of the Independent.  The
	phone is ringing off the hook.  Christina and George are
	fielding calls.  Birdie is reading Frank's article.


			
		"Kathleen Kelly and her mother Cecilia
		Kelly have raised your children.  If this
		precious resource is killed by the cold
		cash cow of Foxbooks, it will not only be
		the end of Western civilization as we
		know it, but the end of something even
		dearer: our neighborhood as we know it.
		Save the Shop Around the Corner and you
		will save your own soul."  Frank, that's
		charming.


		You think it's a little over the top?


		Just say thank you.


		Thank you.


			
		Channel 2's outside.



	Kathleen is primping in a tiny wall mirror.  She takes a deep
	breath.


		In a second.


			
		The Village Voice is coming.


		Omigod.

	Frank sticks his head in.


			
		It's him.


		Who?


		God. It is God.



	Kathleen comes out of the storage room.

	William Spungeon is standing there.


		I'm William Spungeon.


		I'm very pleased to meet you.  I'm
		Kathleen Kelly.

	Frank is practically levitating.


		I knew your mother.  Although she knew me
		only as W.  That enormous bookstore is
		obscene.


		I'm Frank Navasky.  I carry your picture
		in my wallet.

	He pulls it out.  Spungeon looks at him like he's crazy.


		We've organized pickets.  Channel 13 is
		doing a special.


		I'd be glad to talk to the press if it's
		all right with you.  They've been trying
		to interview me for years.


		The press?  I'm the press.


		You'd allow that?  For me?  For the
		store?  That's incredible.  Although you
		wouldn't have to be photographed.  I
		respect that.  If it's television, they
		could just put one of those blurry dots
		in front of your face.


		No television.


			
		They're waiting for you --


		I know all your books.  Phaelox the
		gnome, the little man who comes from
		nowhere... and is going nowhere...
			
		"Where did you come from?"  "Nowhere."
		"Where are you going?"  "Nowhere."


		Cool it.  I'm starting to break out in
		hives.
			
		Here's my phone number.


		I had no idea William Spugeon had a
		phone.


		Adios.

	He gives a little wave and leaves.


		This is historic.
			
		Do you realize what I've done?  By
		writing that piece, do you realize?
		I've brought William Spungeon in from
		the cold. Holy shit.  I am completely
		amazing.

	At that moment a TV REPORTER sticks her head into the store.


		Kathleen Kelly?

	Kathleen takes a deep breath, walks out the door.




		Are you ready, Miss Kelly?


		Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.


		What?


		Never mind.  I'm ready.  Shoot.




		We're here in front of the Shop Around
		the Corner, the famous West Side
		children's bookstore now on the verge of
		having to close its doors because the big
		bad wolf, Foxbooks, has opened only a few
		hundred feet away, wooing customers with
		its sharp discounts and designer coffee.


		They have to have discounts and lattes,
		because most of the people who work there
		have never read a book.

	And pull back now to reveal that we're in:



	Five TV sets are on, over adjoining treadmills, Joe and
	Kevin are on two of the treadmills, walking and watching.


		She's not as nice as she seems on
		television.


		You've met her?


		She's kind of a pill.


		She's probably not as attractive as she
		seems on television either.


		No, she's beautiful.  But a pill.


		So you don't feel bad about basically
		destroying her livelihood not to mention
		her legacy not to mention her raison
		d'etre.


		It's not personal --


		It's business.


		Right.  Exactly.

	They look up at the television.



	Joe onscreen, with a super: Joe Fox, Vice-President Foxbooks.


		I sell cheap books.  Sue me.  I sell
		cheap books, and as a result -- listen 
		to this, because it's really bad --
		more people can buy books.

	The show immediately cuts back to the newscaster.

	On Joe and Kevin.


		That's what you said?


			
		That's not all I said.  I said -- I can't
		believe those bastards -- I said we were
		great, I said people can come and sit and
		read for hours and no one bothers them, I
		said we stock 150,000 titles, I showed
		them the New York City section.  I said
		we were a goddamn piazza where people
		could mingle and mix and be.


		A piazza?


		I was eloquent.  Shit.  It's just
		inevitable, isn't it?  People are going
		to want to turn her into Joan of Arc --


		-- and you into Attila the Hun.


		Well it's not me personally, it's more
		like it's the company --


			
		And I have to say, I have met Joe Fox,
		who owns Foxbooks, and I have heard him
		compared his store to a Price Club and the
		books in it to cans of olive oil.

	On Joe, reacting.



	A small rally is taking place, with picket signs.  Kathleen
	is standing on a small speaker's platform, along with the
	Borough President.


		My mother used to say to me that every
		book you sell is a gift from the
		heart...



	As 20 CHILDREN march in front of the store, holding little
	makeshift picket signs and singing songs.  "One, two, three,
	four, we don't want this Superstore."

	Customers go right through the line and into the store.



	We can hear the pickets marching and singing outside --
	although the store is full of customers anyway.  The Fox men
	-- Joe, Nelson and Schuyler -- are sitting in the cafe.
	Nelson is holding a copy of a weekly newspaper, which has the
	old high-school yearbook picture of William Spungeon on the
	front page and a headline: William Spungeon Emerges from
	Hiding to Support Bookstore.


		Who is this Spungeon anyway?


		He's a writer.


		Well, I've never heard of him.  And
		neither has anyone else in this place.



	As we see SIDNEY-ANN STRONGIN, a young and attractive PBS
	talk show hostess for a show called Inside Media.


		The New York Literary world was shocked
		this week when William Spungeon, the most
		famously reclusive author since J.D.
		Salinger, announced that he was coming
		out of hiding because of his loyalty to a
		small children's bookstore on the West
		Side of Manhattan.  Discussing this
		tonight is a man I happen to think of as
		one of this city's most underappreciated
		assets, Frank Navasky.


		Thank you.


		This all happened because of you, didn't
		it --


		Well, I knew William Spungeon loved
		children's books so I wrote a provocative
		column --


		Your specialty.

	Frank laughs.  Sidney-Ann laughs.


		And it kind of smoked him out.



	As she and Frank watch the television show.


		Technologically speaking, the world's 
		out of hand.  Take the VCR.  The whole
		idea of a VCR is that it makes it possible
		for you to tape what's on television
		while you're out of the house.  But the
		whole point of being out of the house is
		so you can  what's on television.
		Radio.  Now there's a medium I can get
		behind.


		Well, we're on television... and you're
		good at it.


		Thank you.

	Another little moment between them.


		The bookstore.  Tell us about it.


		Are you planning to collect radios?


		Do you think I should?


		The Shop Around the Corner is a true New
		York treasure.


		As are you.  I'd love to have you back.


		Any time.  Are we done?


		Not at all.


		Because I just want to say that the only
		show I do watch is yours.


			
		Omigod.


		Hey, I was just being polite.  Okay, I
		admit, I slobbered all over her.

	The show continues.



	As we see Kathleen flip the open sign to closed.



	George is talking to Kathleen and Birdie, who is toting up
	the week's receipts.


		And I can't decide whether to put
		sausages into the meat sauce or just
		chopped meat.  Last time I made it,
		Detective Carter and I never even sat
		down to dinner because --
			(he makes some sort of hand
			 gesture indicating that sex
			 prevented them from dining)
		and last night, I made margaritas in the
		blender, and I took the ice cube and --


		Spare us.

	George goes out the door.

	Birdie looks at Kathleen.


		Don't tell me.  Not the slightest
		difference?

	Birdie can't bring herself to answer.

			     KATHLEEN 
		How could that be?  All this publicity
		and not one bit of difference?
		Oh Birdie, what am I going to do?  What
		would Mom have done?


		Let's ask her.

	She opens the locket hanging around her neck.  There's a
	picture of Kathleen's mother inside it.  Birdie holds the
	locket up to her face.


		Cecilia, what should we do?

	Birdie holds the locket to her ear and listens.  A pause.


		Birdie?


		Shhhh.
			
		She has no idea, but she thinks the
		window display is lovely.  Good night
		dearie.

	Birdie smiles and picks up her shopping bag, goes out the
	door.



	It's starting to rain.  Kathleen lowers the grate over the
	store.  As she turns to walk away, William Spungeon steps in
	her path out of the shadows.


		Oh my goodness, hello.  What are you
		doing here.


		Loitering.  Lurking.  Skulking.
		Stalking.

	He laughs.  So does she.  Dramatically, he whips out an
	umbrella and opens it over the two of them.

			     SPUNGEON 
		You look very beautiful.


		Thank you.  But I'm a wreck.

	He touches her cheek suddenly.  Kathleen starts.  Then he
	blows on his hand.


		An eyelash.  It's gone.

	Kathleen relaxes.  They start walking.


		Are you writing another book?


		I'm in the home stretch.  I'll be done in
		approximately six more years.


		Should I discount?


		It's about a man on a quest for knowledge
		who meets a woman he cannot resist.


		If I discount I have to fire someone
		because I can't discount with this
		overhead but whom could I fire?  I
		couldn't fire anyone.

	Spungeon suddenly puts his hand through Kathleen's hair.  She
	stops, frozen in place.


		You have your mother's hair.  Thick,
		wild, the color of Nebraska wheat.

	He grabs her and tries to kiss her.


		What are you doing?  Let me go.

	He backs her into a wall.


		Stop it.  Are you crazy?

	She kicks him in the shins, wiggles free and runs away.


			
		If you change your mind, you can E-mail
		me.  Hermit@AOL.com.



	The mail form says "To:" and Kathleen types in "NY 152".

	The form says "Re:" and Kathleen types in:  "Advice"



	Rain is falling.


		I need help.  Do you still want to meet
		me?



	Rain is falling.

	We hear the sound of the computer.


		"Where?  When?"



	George, Kathleen and Christina in the shop.  Kathleen is
	buying more lollipops.


		We're meeting in a public place.


		Well don't go anywhere with him.  Don't
		even go out to the street with him
		afterwards.  Get a dial cab to just sit
		there and wait for you.


		Did you tell Frank?


		There's nothing to tell.


		But did you tell him?


		He's away.  At the 32nd anniversary of
		the Chicago Seven trial.


		And he's gone to a place where there are
		no phones.  Do you even know this guy's
		name?

	Kathleen shakes her head no.


		And you're going to meet him in a bar?


		Not a bar.  That place on 83rd with the
		cheesecake.


		And he will wear a flower in his lapel,
		and you will be carrying a copy of Anna
		Karenina with a rose in it.

	No answer.


		Oh God, no.


		Not Anna Karenina.  Pride and Prejudice.



	As Joe and Kevin walk out of the store and start downtown.


		I suppose she's carrying a copy of a book
		with a flower in it.

	Joe doesn't say anything.


		Not really.


		Really.


		Which Jane Austen is it?


		Pride and Prejudice.


		She could be a real dog.


		I know.  Look, I'll just stay ten
		minutes.  I'll say hello.  Drink a cup of
		coffee and split.  I'm outta here.

	He looks at Kevin.

			     JOE 
		Walk me there, okay?



	As the two men walk toward Cafe Lalo, the European cafe on
	West 83rd Street.


		What if she has a really high, squeaky
		voice?  I hate that.  It reminds me of
		those mice in Cinderella.


		What mice in Cinderella?


		Gus-gus and oh shit, I can't remember the
		other one.  Why am I compelled to meet
		her?  I'm just ruining a good thing.


		You're taking it to the next level.  I
		always do that.  I always take a
		relationship to the next level, and if it
		works okay I take it to the next level
		after that, until I can finally get to
		the level where it becomes absolutely
		necessary for me to leave.


		I'm not going to stay long anyway.  I
		already said that, didn't I.  Christ.
		I'm a total wreck.

	As they reach:



	Joe stops and looks at Kevin.


		Kevin, this woman is the most adorable
		creature I have ever come in contact
		with.  If she turns out to be even as
		good-looking as a mailbox, I will be
		crazy not to turn my life upside down
		and marry her.


		She could be a real dog.


			
		You go look.


		Me?


		Just go to the window and check her out.


		You're pathetic.

	Kevin goes to the window and looks inside.



	Joe and Kevin in front.

	Kevin looks in the window.


		See her?


		There's a beautiful, whoa, a very
		beautiful girl.


		Yes.


		But no book.  Let me see, let me see...
		Wait a minute.  There's a book with a
		flower, so it must be her.


		What does he look like?


		There's a waiter blocking, I can't see
		her face.  He's serving her a cup of tea
		and she's putting in three spoonfuls of
		sugar --


		Well, why shouldn't she?


		No reason.  Unless she has hypoglycemia.
		Oh, he's moving.


		Can you see her?


		Yes.


		And? --


			
		She's very pretty.


		She is.  I knew she would be.  She had
		to be.


		She looks... I would say she has a little
		of the coloring of that Kathleen Kelly
		person.


		Kathleen Kelly of the bookstore.


		Why not?  You said you thought she was
		attractive.


		So what?  Who cares about Kathleen Kelly?


		Well, if you don't like Kathleen Kelly,
		I can tell you right now you ain't gonna
		like this girl.


		Why not?


		Because it  Kathleen Kelly.

	Joe elbows Kevin aside and looks.


		Oh, God.

	A long beat.


		What are you going to do?


		Nothing.


		You're going to let her just wait there?


		Yes.  Yes I am.  That's exactly what I'm
		going to do.  Why not?


		But she wrote the letters.


		Good night, Kevin.  I'll see you
		tomorrow.

	He walks away, leaving Kevin.

	Kevin stares after him.  Then he walks away in the other
	direction.



	Kathleen, sitting alone, at a table for two, is drinking her
	tea.  She's starting to feel a little foolish.  She checks
	her watch.

	A loud, boisterous group comes in and sits at the table next
	to hers.  They're laughing.  A man from the group grabs the
	empty chair at Kathleen's table.


		Do you mind?

	Kathleen jumps up.


		Oh, yes.  I'm expecting someone.
		Please.

	She takes the chair back.  Sits down again.  She watches the
	group as they playfully fight over the menus.

	She checks her watch again.  Then she opens her copy of Pride
	and Prejudice and looks at it.  She can't focus.

	A man comes into the restaurant and she looks up hopefully at
	him.  But he's going to meet another group of people.

	As he passes her table, he knocks the book and the flower
	onto the floor.


		Oh!

	She jumps up and rescues the book and flower as if they were
	precious china.

	In the window, now, behind her, Joe appears.  He watches, as
	she rearranges the book and the flower.

	He disappears from sight.

	A beat...

	He walks in the door.


		Kathleen Kelly.  Hello.  What a
		coincidence.  Mind if I sit down?


		Yes I do.  I'm expecting someone.

	Joe picks up her book, looks at it.


		Pride and Prejudice.

	Kathleen grabs it back.


		Do you mind?

	She places it back on the table, puts the rose into it.


		I didn't know you were a Jane Austen
		fan.  Not that it's a surprise.  I bet
		you read it every year.  I bet you just
		love Mr. Darcy, and that your sentimental
		heart beats wildly at the thought that he
		and whatever her name is are really,
		honestly and truly going to end up
		together.


		Would you please leave?

	Joe sits down.


		Please?


		I'll get up as soon as your friend comes.
		Is he late?


		The heroine of Pride and Prejudice is
		Elizabeth Bennet and she's one of the
		greatest, most complex characters ever
		written, not that you would know.


		As a matter of fact I've read it.


		Well, good for you.


		I think you'd discover a lot of things if
		you really knew me.


		If I really knew you, I know what I would
		find -- instead of a brain, a cash
		register, instead of a heart, a bottom
		line.

	Kathleen is shocked at herself.


		What is it?


		I just had a breakthrough, and I have to
		thank you for it.  For the first time in
		my life, when confronted with a horrible,
		insensitive person I actually knew what I
		wanted to say and I said it.


		I think you have a gift for it.  It was a
		splendid mixture of poetry and meanness.



		Meanness?  Let me tell you --


		Don't misunderstand me, I'm just paying
		you a compliment.

	He lifts the book off the table.  Kathleen grabs for it.


		Why are you doing this?

	She manages to get the book, leaving Joe with the rose.


		What have we have?  A red, no, crimson
		rose, tucked into the pages.  Something
		you read about in a book, no doubt.  One
		of those books with a lady in a nightgown
		on the cover about to throw herself off a
		cliff.

	She holds her hand out for it.

			     KATHLEEN 
		Give it to me.

	Joe puts it between his mouth and his nose like a mustache.


		It's a joke to you, isn't it?
		Everything's a joke to you.

	She grabs the rose.  Puts it back in the book.

			     KATHLEEN 
		Please leave.  I beg you.

	He stands up, walks from the table, sits down at the very
	next table, with his back to her.

	The door to the restaurant opens.  Kathleen looks at it
	hopefully.  A pleasant looking man, who's immediately joined
	by a pleasant looking woman.

	For a moment, Kathleen looks just a little droopy, as if the
	wind has just gone out of her sails.  She takes out her
	compact, looks into her mirror.  She slides it over to look
	behind her, at him, just as he's looking sideways at her.  He
	turns away suddenly.

	Then she blots her lipstick with her handkerchief.


		You know what the handkerchief reminds
		me of?  The first day I met you --


		The first day you lied to me --


		I didn't lie to you --


		You did too --


		I did not --


		I thought all that Fox stuff was so
		charming.  F-O-X.


		I never lied about it --


		"Joe.  Just call me Joe."  As if you were
		one of those stupid 22-year-old girls
		with no last name.  "Hi, I'm Kimberley."
		"Hi, I'm Janice."  What's wrong with
		them?  Don't they know you're supposed to
		have last names?  It's like they're a
		whole generation of cocktail waitresses.

	She stops herself -- it's a tangent she never meant to go off
	on.  But Joe has stood up and seated himself back at her
	table.


		I am not a stupid 22-year-old girl --


		That's not what I meant --


		And when I said the thing about the Price
		Club and cans of olive oil, that wasn't
		what I meant either --


		Oh, you poor sad multimillionaire.  I
		feel so sorry for you.

	The door opens and a large and very attractive TRANSVESTITE
	in a boa comes in the door.


		I am going to take a wild guess that this
		isn't him, either.  Who is he, I wonder.
		Not, I gather, the world's greatest
		living expert on Julius and Ethel
		Rosenberg, but someone else entirely.
		Will you be you be mean to him too?  Will
		you start out sweet as sugar candy and
		then suddenly, miraculously, like a bolt
		from the blue, find that sharp little 
		tongue of yours?


		No, I won't.  Because the man who's
		coming here tonight is completely unlike
		you.  The man who is coming here is kind
		and funny -- he has the most wonderful
		sense of humor --


		But he's not here.


		If he's not here, he has a reason,
		because there is not a cruel or careless
		bone in his body.  I can't expect you to
		know anything about a person like that.
		You've nothing but a suit.

	A beat.  Joe gets up.


		That is my cue.  Good night.

	Joe leaves.



	Kathleen comes down the street.  She drops the rose in the
	trash can.



	Kathleen comes in, drops the book on the table, takes off her
	coat and goes immediately to the computer.  She clicks on
	American Online.  Waits impatiently to connect.  Looks with
	anticipation at the mail box.



	Hold on Kathleen as a tear starts down her face.

	She takes her handkerchief out of her sleeve and wipes her
	face and blows her nose.  Then looks at her handkerchief and
	tosses it over her shoulder.

	She goes over to the bed and turns it down and slips out of
	her shoes.

	Then she lies down on the bed, fully clothed.  She reaches
	up to turn out the light.



	As Joe turns on his closet light and hangs up his jacket.
	The computer is on the desk, and the light on it illuminates
	the room.

	Patricia is in the next room, eating matzos.


		So I said to her, "If you think I will
		even talk to you about paying that kind
		of advance for an author whose last book
		is being used as trivets all over the
		world, you are completely crazy."

	On Joe's face, barely bearing.



	As Kevin and Joe walk through the store.


		But underneath that disagreeable exterior
		she could turn out to be --


		A real bitch.  Let's not talk about it.
		I'm going back to the office.  You must
		have work to do.


		Not really.  This place is humming like a
		top.



	As Kathleen comes around the corner.  Christina is waiting.


		What happened?


		He never came.


		He stood you up?



	As Kathleen puts her purse into the drawer.


		I think something happened, something
		terrible and unexpected that made it
		impossible for him --

	George walks in.


		What happened?


		He wasn't able to make it.


		He stood you up.


		What could have happened?
			

	George looks suddenly stricken.

			     KATHLEEN 
		Why didn't he come?  Maybe he showed up,
		took one look at me and left.


		Not possible.


		Maybe there was a subway accident.


		Absolutely.


		A train was trapped underground with him
		inside.


		And no phone.

	George continues to look stricken.  He's starting to shake
	his head.


		Or an automobile accident.  Those cab
		drivers are maniacs.


		They hit something and you slam right
		into that plastic partition.


		His elbows could be in splints -- so he
		can't really dial --


		Or he could be in the hospital in one of
		those semi-private room with like --


			
		-- no phone.

	They look at George.  Still shaking his head.


			
		What?

	George hands them a New York Post.  They look at the cover:



		What are you saying?


		It could be.

	Dead silence.

			     GEORGE 
		He was arrested two blocks from the
		cheesecake place.


		Is there a picture?

	There it is.  It's of a man with his jacket pulled over his
	head.

	They all look at it.


		So that explains it.


		He was in jail.


		And there  a phone --


		-- but he got only one call and he had to
		use it to call his lawyer.


		You are so lucky.


		You could be dead.


		Are you crazy?  This man couldn't
		possibly be the rooftop killer.


		Remember when you thought Frank might be
		the Unabomber?


		That was different.


		How long did you sit there all alone?


		Not that long.  Joe Fox came in --


		Joe Fox!


		I don't want to talk about it.
			
		Let's get to work.

	They look around.  There's no one in the store and nothing to
	do.

	A pause.


		There must be something to do.  There's
		always something to do.

	They hear the jingle of the front door.  They look hopefully
	toward it.  It's only Birdie.


		He stood her up.

	Hold on Kathleen as the computer sound begins.


		I have been thinking about you.  Last
		night I went to meet you and you weren't
		there.  I wish I knew why.  I felt so
		foolish.
			



	As she types.  And we cut from her face to the screen as we
	hear a voice-over:


		And as I waited, someone else showed up,
		a man who has made my professional life a
		misery, and an amazing thing happened --
		I was able, for the first time in my
		life, to say the exact thing I wanted to say
		it.  And of course, afterwards, I felt
		terrible.  Just as you said I would.



	The E-mail from Kathleen continues as Joe reads.


		I was cruel, and I'm never cruel.  And
		even though I can hardly believe what I
		said mattered to this man -- to him, I'm
		just a bug to be crushed -- but what if
		it did?  No matter what he's done to me,
		there's no excuse for my behavior.
		Anyway, you are my dear friend, and I so
		wanted to talk to you.  I hope you have a
		good reason for not being there last
		night, but if you don't, and if we never
		really connect again, I just want to tell
		you how much it has meant to me to know
		you were there.

	Joe sits there a second.  A moment of intense ambivalence.
	Then he hits the Menu key and signs off.


		Goodbye.

	Joe stands and leaves the room.

	The computer sits there.

	Hold on the computer.  We hear him open the refrigerator 
	door. We hear him close the refrigerator door.  He passes
	the den without even looking into it.  A moment later he
	comes back into the room, stares at the computer.  He starts
	for the bedroom, changes his mind.  Circles the computer.
	He's going to go cold turkey if it kills him.

	Fuck it.  He sits down.  Sign on.  Starts to type.


		I am in Vancouver.

	He stops... Hits the delete button and erases the message.
	He starts typing again:


		I was stuck in a meeting, which I
		couldn't get out of it, and there was
		no phone.

	He backspaces to erase "there was no phone."

	Screen now reads: I was stuck in a meeting, which I couldn't
	get out of it.  Joe sits there thinking for a moment.  Then he
	starts typing.

			     JOE 
		The electricity went out in the building
		and we were trapped on the 18th floor and
		the telephone system blew too.

	He stops and looks at it.  Then he types:

			     JOE 
		Amazingly enough.

	He sits looking at it.

	Then he deletes the whole thing.

	Sits looking at the blank screen.


		Fuck you.

	He clicks the Yes box.

	Then he starts to type again.


		Dear friend: I cannot tell you what
		happened to me last night, but I beg you
		from the bottom of my heart to forgive me
		for not being there.

	He deletes "for not being there."

	Then types again, after "to forgive me".


		-- for what happened.  I feel terrible
		that you found yourself in a situation
		that caused you additional pain.  But I'm
		absolutely sure that whatever you said
		last night was provoked, even deserved.
		And everyone says things they regret when
		they're worried or stressed.  You were
		expecting to see someone you trusted and
		met the enemy instead.  The fault is
		mine.
			



	As Kathleen and Christina walk down the street together.

			     JOE 
		Someday I'll explain everything.
		Meanwhile, I'm still here.  Talk to me.


		Did he say anything about meeting again?


		Not really.  It doesn't matter.  We'll
		just be like George Bernard Shaw and Mrs.
		Patrick Campbell and write letters our
		whole lives --

	They go into an apartment building.



	A large rent-controlled West Side apartment.  Birdie is 
	pouring tea.  There's a plate of cookies.

	Christina is looking at the picture of Birdie as a young
	woman, dressed in a sort of Carmen Miranda getup.


		Where was this taken, Birdie?


		Seville.


		When you had the thunderbolt?


		Yes.  What did you decide, dearie?


		Close.  We're going to close.


		Close.


		Although it feels like such a failure.
		It feels like I'm quitting.  It feels
		like... Mom...

	She closes her eyes.

	Birdie sits down on the loveseat next to Kathleen, puts her
	arms around her.  Hold on them.


		Keeping the store open doesn't keep your
		mother alive, although sometimes I think
		we all think it does.

	Christina looks over at the picture of Birdie.


		Who was it, Birdie?  That you had the
		thunderbolt over?

	Birdie shakes her head.  She's not going to tell them.

			     CHRISTINA 
		It's so romantic.


		But it wasn't meant to be.


		Why not?


		He ran Spain.


		Spain?


		The country.  He ran it.  That was his
		job.  And then he died.  Just as well.



	As Frank and Kathleen go up the escalator, on their way to a 
	movie.


		She fell in love with Generalissimo
		Franco?


		Don't say that.  We don't know that for
		sure.


		Who else could it have been?  It was
		probably around 1960 --


		I mean, it's not like he was something
		normal, like a socialist or an anarchist
		or something --


		It happened in Spain.  People do really
		stupid things in foreign countries.


		Absolutely.  They buy leather jackets,
		they go see Flamenco, they ride in
		gondolas, they eat in restaurants where
		guitarists sing Malaguena sola Rosa, but
		they don't fall in love with fascist
		dictators.

	They enters one of the theatres.



	As they find seats and sit down.  A trailer is playing.


		Birdie is a very kind person, she's
		practically my surrogate mother.


		Well she's out of her mind.


		She is not.


		I could never ever be with anyone who
		doesn't take politics as seriously as I
		do.

	The person in front of them turns around.


		Do you mind?


		A hot dog is singing.  You need quiet
		while a hot dog is singing?

	The two of them sit there.


		I have something to tell you.  I didn't
		vote.


		What?


		In the last mayoral election, when Rudy
		Giuliani was running against Ruth
		Messinger, I went to get a manicure and
		forgot to vote.


		Since when do you get manicures?


		Oh, I suppose you could never be with a
		woman who gets manicures.


		Forget it.  It's okay.  I forgive you.


		Shhhhhh.


		You forgive me.

	Hold on them a beat.

	Kathleen stands and walks out of the theatre.



	Kathleen on the down escalator.  Frank scrambling to catch up
	with her.


		What's going on?

	Kathleen's upset.

			     FRANK 
		Hey.  What is it?



	As they walk uptown.


		Look, this has been a big week, you're
		closing the store --


		It's not that, Frank, really it's not.
		It's just... Frank...


		I know, that was terrible of me.


		What was?


		To jump all over you when I'm the one
		who's really...  Oh, God, I don't know
		how to say this --


		What is it?



	As we see Kathleen and Frank being served drinks in a glassed-
	in extension of a restaurant.



	As Kathleen looks at Frank, waiting for him to begin.


		You're a wonderful person, Kathleen.


		So are you.


		And I'm honored that you want to be with
		me because you would never be with anyone
		who wasn't truly worthy --


		I feel exactly the same way about you.


		Oh, God, don't say that, please, that
		just makes it worse.


		What?
			
		You don't love me?

	Frank shakes his head no.


		Me either.


		You don't love me?

	Kathleen shakes her head no.


		But we're so right for each other.


		I know.

	A long beat.


		That woman on television, right?
		Sidney-Ann.

	Frank nods.


		I mean, nothing's happened or anything.


		I think she's a Republican.


		I can't help myself.

	Kathleen pats him.

			     FRANK 
		What about you?  Is there someone else?


		Oh, somewhere out there, I'm sure.
		Somewhere --
			
		In cyberspace.



	As Frank, carrying a typewriter, walks out off Kathleen's
	building and puts it into the back of a taxicab.



	As a sign goes up in the window: "Closing This Week: All
	Stock 40% off."



	The store is crowded.  People are buying stacks of books.
	We hear brief snatches of conversation: Birdie telling a
	customer she's planning to travel, Christina saying she's
	finally going to have to finish her dissertation, George
	saying he's been offered a job at Foxbooks but even though
	it's okay with Kathleen, he wouldn't work there if it were
	the last place on the earth.

	There is a frantic, rummage sale atmosphere.

	Kathleen, busy at the cash register, looks up for a minute at
	her beautiful store being ravaged by vultures.  We hear the
	sound of the computer and hear her voice-over:


		My store is closing this week.
		I own a store.  Did I ever tell you that?
		Probably not.  It's a lovely store --

	As a woman dumps a huge stack of books on the checkout table.


		This is a tragedy.
			(yelling across the shop to her
			 husband)
		Honey, grab a copy of The Trumpet of the
		Swan.

			     KATHLEEN 
		-- and in a week, it will be something
		really depressing, like a Baby Gap.  I
		am being amazingly brave --


		What are you going to do with yourself?


		I don't know.  I'm going to take some
		time.  I have a little money saved.  I'm
		almost looking forward to it --

			     KATHLEEN 
		I am so cheerful I would make Pollyanna
		throw up.


		I came here every Saturday when I was a
		little girl.  I remember when your mother
		gave me Anne of Green Gables.  "Read it
		with a box of Kleenex," that's what she
		told me.


		She's looking down on you right now.


		I'm sure she is.

			     KATHLEEN 
		I have promised myself I'm not going
		to cry.

	A FORTH SHOPPER approaches the counter with a stack of books
	up to his chin, and manages to slide the stack on the 
	counter.


		We should bomb Foxbooks.


		It's not their fault.  The truth is, the
		world is just... different.

	She starts ringing up the sale.



	As Kathleen walks home.

			     KATHLEEN 
		Soon we'll just be a memory.  In fact,
		someone, some foolish person will
		probably think it's a tribute to this
		city, the way it keeps changing on you,
		the way you can never count on it, or
		something.  I know, because that's the
		sort of thing I'm always saying.  But the
		truth is, I'm heartbroken.  I feel as if
		part of me has died,  and my mother has
		died all over again, and no one can ever
		make it right.

	She stops in front of the window, watching the customers
	lined up to buy books.



	As Kathleen enters and looks around.

	She goes up the stairs.



	As Kathleen walks into it.

	It's huge, of course.  With its reading area, and stage, and
	room for displays, and child-size furniture, and so many
	books and so many customers.

	Kathleen sits down on a little child-size chair, completely
	wilted.



	And now we see Joe watching her, from a distance.  She doesn't
	see him.

	A woman browsing, stops a sales person.


		Do you have the "Shoe" books?


		The "Shoe" books?  Who's the author?


		I don't know.  My friend told me my
		daughter has to read the "Shoe" books, 
		so here I am.


		Noel Streatfeild.  Noel Streatfeild wrote
		Ballet Shoes and Skating Shoes and
		Theater Shoes and Movie Shoes...
			(she starts crying as she tells
			 her)
		I'd start with Skating Shoes, it's my
		favorite, although Ballet Shoes is
		completely wonderful.


		Streatfeild.  How do you spell that?





		Thank you.

	As she walks away.


			
		They know nothing, they know absolutely
		nothing.



	as he watches her.  We hear the sound of the computer.

	She starts out of the store.  And hold on him.


		I'm sorry.



	A screen which says Reply and which now reads "I'm sorry."



	On Joe at his computer, staring at the screen.


		Asshole.

	He backspaces, deleting.  Starts typing again.


		I'm sorry.  I don't know what to say.
		Truly I don't.  And anything I do say
		will sound trite.  I hope you feel
		better.

	He sits there, appalled at his own triteness.



	As a taxi comes down the street and stops in front of Joe's
	building.


		What I was thinking was she'd probably
		make a great children's book either.


		Why would you think that?

	They get out of the cab.


		She knows everything.  She has flawless
		taste.  She's famous for it.
		The salesmen swear by her.  If she likes
		it, it sells.  Period.



	As they enter the lobby and walk toward the elevator.


		So you're going to offer her a job?


		Why not?  What else has she got to do?


		Now that she's destitute --


		Thanks to you.


		Well, I can't imagine her working for
		you.


		Why not?


		She has a horrible personality, she's...
		nice to everyone all the time.  It's
		exhausting.  And her staff turnover is
		... non-existent.  They've been there
		forever.  Until... recently, when they
		all found out they were going to lose
		their jobs.


		Thanks to you.

	The elevator door is closing.

			     PATRICIA 
		Hold the elevator!

	They get in.




		Hello, Charlie, Veronica.


		Last time, we rode in an elevator, we
		made the deal of the century.  What is
		going to happen this time?


		Miss Grant's going to get me a part in
		one of her movies, that's what's going
		to happen.


		In your dream, Charlie.


			(back to the conversation with
			 Joe)
		I love how you've totally forgotten you
		had any role in her current situation.
		It's so obtuse.  It reminds me of someone
		... Who?  Who does it remind me of?
			
		Me!

	The elevator suddenly stops.


		Shit.


		Shit.


		It is stuck?


		Could be.

	He pushes the open button.  Nothing.  Turns the key, hits the
	open button, flicks the emergency switch.  The he starts
	hitting the buttons in every possible combination.


		Charlie, what are you doing?


		Bang the door.


		Really.

	Joe bangs the door.  Nothing.


		I hope this thing doesn't plummet to the
		basement.


		Can it do that?


		No.

	He picks up the phone.


		This is Joe Fox.  Who is this?  Hi, Juan.
		We're stuck on the sixth floor.  There
		are four of us --


			
		-- and if you don't get your ass up here
		in two shakes and get us out --

	He hangs up.


			
		Are you all right?


		It's hot.

	Joe hands her his handkerchief.


		Everyone should jump in the air.


		What?


		We jump.  The elevator thinks that no one
		is here and it opens.

	Everyone stares at each other.


		One -- two -- three --

	They all jump into the air.

	They all land.

	Nothing happens.



	Patricia is sitting on the elevator floor, polishing her
	nails.

	We hear the fire department banging outside...


		If I ever get out of here, I'm going to
		start speaking to my mother.  She slept
		with Oscar, and maybe it was Oscar's
		fault, I don't know, and then she sold
		the story to Inside Edition.
		That could have been Oscar's idea, too.
		Who knows?  But I divorced him.  I wonder
		what she's doing right this minute.  I
		think of her... whenever I hear about a
		new pill.  Ecstasy, Zoloft, Fenphen, I
		just think, I hope Mama knows about that.

	She takes out a tissue and dabs at her eyes.


		Maybe you can make up on Rosie.  That
		would be so great for the book.


			
		If I ever get out of here...


		If I ever get out of here, I'm having my
		eyes lasered.


		I'm marrying Oreet.  I love her.  I
		should marry her.  I don't know what's
		been stopping me.

	He takes out his wallet and looks at a picture of Oreet,
	shows it to Joe.


		If I ever get out of here, I'm going to --

	He stops, he looks at Patricia who is fishing through her
	purse.


		Where is my TicTacs?
			
		What?

	The firemen crowbar open the elevator door.



	Joe and Brinkley walk out on the dock toward Joe's boat.  Joe
	is carrying Brinkley's pillow, his laptop and a suitcase.

	He boards his boat and goes below.  A light goes on.  We hear
	the sound of the computer.


		I came home tonight and got into the
		elevator to go to my apartment.  An hour
		later, I got out of the elevator and
		Brinkley and I moved out.  Suddenly
		everything had become clear.
			



	A small sleeping area with a berth and a little table, where
	Joe's laptop has been hooked up to the phone.

	Joe is on the narrow berth, as is Brinkley.

			     JOE 
		It's a long story.  Full of the personal
		details we avoid so carefully...

	Joe puts Brinkley on the floor, on his pillow.  Brinkley
	jumps back onto the berth with Joe.



	Kathleen is making tea.  She starts toward the bedroom.  We
	see her computer, now hooked up in the living room, where all
	of Frank's typewriters used to be.


		I wonder whether change isn't a kind of
		infection.  You start with one thing --
		something you never ever thought would
		change and it does --
			



			     KATHLEEN 
		and the next thing you know even your bed
		is in a different place.
			

	Kathleen enters the bedroom and we see the entire room has
	been rearranged.

	She gets into bed and turns on the television set.



	The bookshelves are empty.

			     KATHLEEN 
		Six months ago, when you and I first met,
		I knew everything about myself -- what I
		would be doing for the rest of my life
		and even the person I would be doing it
		with.  Now I know nothing.

	On the door is a small sign.  "After 42 years, we are closing
	our doors.  We have loved being part of your lives."

	Kathleen turns out the light in the store and opens the door.

	The little bell over the door jingles.

	Kathleen reaches up on her tiptoes for the bell and detaches
	it.

	Then she comes out of the store, carrying the bell.

	Kathleen locks the door and reaches down to operate the grate
	for the last time.

	The grate starts to lower.

	Kathleen looks at her store, one last time.  Then she walks
	off, carrying the bell.  We hear it jingle in the night.

	And hold on The Shop Around the Corner, and it slowly turns
	into a computer-enhanced version of itself.

	And then, suddenly, it vanishes with a poof, leaving an empty
	screen.






	The trees sprout leaves and birdies start to tweet.  And the
	scene turns into a real version of:





	George is now the head of the children department at the
	store and he is sitting in the children's section on an itty-
	bitty chair.  His staff is sitting on little itty-bitty
	chairs too.


		Then, in the 19th century, Caldecott
		revolutionized the publishing of
		children's books by the introduction of
		color illustrations --

	We see:



	Several are dozing.



	Joe walks past the Eleanor Roosevelt statue.  He's with
	Annabel and Matt:


		What about going to the Children's Zoo?


		I don't want to go to the Children's Zoo.


		Okay.  The Staten Island Ferry.


		I want to go to the Storybook Lady.


		I want to go to the Storybook Lady.


		Well we can't go to the Storybook Lady.



	Annabel is sitting in her chair, staring glumly at a bowl of
	Japanese soup and noodles.


		 read you a story.


		Where did she go?


		She had to close her store.


		Why?


		She didn't have enough business.


		Why?


		Well.  Her store was very close to our
		store, and you know our store sells books
		at a slightly lower cost --


		Why?


		Why do we sell at a lower cost?  So more
		people can buy books.


		Why couldn't she sell that way too?


		Because she's small and we're big.  How
		about we go get some candy?


		So now she's gone and it's all your
		fault.


		It's business, Annabel.  It's not
		personal.  How about we go get so much
		candy you'll be bouncing off the walls
		for days?


		What's personal?


		Personal means that she's gone forever,
		and now we'll never get another book from
		her as long as we ever live.

	She burst into tears.  Matt bursts into tears too.


		Remember the man who worked with her?


			
		No.


		Well I hired him.


		You killed the Storybook Lady.

	Matt throws himself on the ground, crying.

	Annabel sobs hysterically.



	George is wearing the same pointed hat Kathleen wore as the
	Storybook Lady.  There's a sign that says: Storybook Person.

	Several children are listening.

	We see:



	She's glowering.



	Kathleen is in bed with a huge box of Kleenex.  She has a 
	terrible cold.  Her nose is red, her eyes are watery.  On the
	bedside table are a huge assortment of atomizers, pills, etc.

	We hear the sound of computer keys clicking.


		Why haven't you written?


		I have a cold.



	We see Joe on his computer.


		How's your cold?


		My ears are blocked, my nose is clogged.



	She's drinking cranberry juice.  Joni Mitchell on the stereo.

	The sound of computer keys clicking again.


		Are you feeling any better?


		I'm lying in bed listening to Joni
		Mitchell and drinking cranberry juice
		which I am sorry to say is the exact same
		color as my nose.  I keep thinking about
		my future.  What future?  What am I 
		going to do?



	As Joe is walking Brinkley back to the boat.  A limousine has
	pulled up near the pier and the driver is unloading bags.
	Joe stops to see the passenger: his father, Nelson Fox.


		What are you doing here?



	Next to Joe's boat is a larger yacht.



	In the main cabin Joe and Nelson are having drinks.  Nelson
	lifts his glass in a toast.


		To us.


		Father and son, together at last.  That
		happened with Gillian?

	Nelson ignores the question.


		I've stayed here after, let's see, your
		mother, Laurette that ballet dancer --


		-- the nanny --


		Was she the nanny?  I forgot that.  How
		ironic.  Then there was the ice skater --


		-- also the nanny --


		Really.  How amazingly ironic.  Sybil the
		astrologer.


		Whose moon turned out to be in somebody
		else's house, as I recall.


		Just like Gillian.


		Gillian ran off with someone?


		The nanny.


		Nanny Maureen?  Gillian ran off with
		Nanny Maureen?  That's incredibly
		ironic.


		True true.


		There's no other word for it.


		Who did you break up with?


		Patricia.  You met her.


		Would I like her?
			
		Just kidding.  Isn't this great?  Have
		some peanuts.  Of course I have to live
		out of a suitcase for a least three
		weeks, and then there's the inevitable
		legal hassle, more of your inheritance
		down the drain.


		Don't worry about it.


		I won't.  But then I get to meet someone
		new.  That's the easy part.


		Oh, right, a snap to find the one single
		person in the world who fills your heart
		with joy.


		Don't be ridiculous.  Have I ever been
		with anyone who fits that description?
		Have you?


		On to the next.


		Isn't it a beautiful night?

	Hold on Joe.



	Joe, on his way to Kathleen's apartment building, carrying a
	bunch of daisies, wrapped in cellophane.

	Joe goes up the stoop to her building and looks at buzzer.
	Sees Kelly, 3A.  He presses.  Nothing.  Presses again.


			(voice clogged, through
			 intercom)
		Who is it?


		Joe Fox.



	Kathleen, in her pajamas, at the intercom, horrified.


		What are you doing here?


		May I please come up?


		It's really not a good idea.

	Someone else walks up to the door, unlocks it and walks in.
	Joe follows.




			
		I have a terrible cold, can you hear it?
		I'm sniffling and not really awake --



	As Kathleen continues to talk through the Intercom to an
	empty stoop.


		and I'm sleeping practically twenty-four
		hours a day, and taking echinacea --




			
		-- and vitamin C, so I would really
		appreciate it if you would come some
		other time --

	There's a knock on the door right next to her.  Kathleen
	practically jumps out of her skin.  She looks through the
	peephole.  There he is.


		Kathleen?


		Just a second.

	She puts on a robe, runs frantically about picking up various
	scattered wadded-up Kleenexs, opens the front door.  Joe is
	holding a bunch of flowers wrapped in paper.


		Hello.


		What are you doing here?


		I heard you were sick and I was worried
		and I wanted to --
			
		Is someone here?


		Just the Home Shopping Network.


		Bought any porcelain dolls?


		I was thinking about it.
			
		You put me out of business --


		I know that --


		And now you turn up with flowers?  Did
		you come to gloat?


		No.


		To offer me a job --


		No, I wouldn't think of --


		Because I have plans, I have lots of
		offers.  I've been offered a job by --
		well, actually by --


		My former?


		Former?


		We broke up.


		That's too bad.  You seemed so perfect
		for each other.
			(she claps her hand over her
			 mouth)
		I don't mean to say things like that.  No
		matter what you have done to me, there is
		no excuse for my saying anything like
		that.  But every time I see you --


		Things like that just seem to fly out of
		your mouth.


		Yes.  I'm sorry.  I'm starting over.
			
		Thank you for coming.  Goodbye.
			(she says it again, a little
			 more nicely)
		Thank you for coming. Goodbye.

	She starts to the door.


		I bought you flowers.


		Oh.
			
		Thank you.

	She takes them.

	He takes them back.


		Why don't I put them in water?

	He heads for the kitchen.  A beat, while she stares after him.
	Then follows.



	When Kathleen gets to the kitchen, Joe is checking the kettle
	for water.  Turns on the stove.


		You're sick.  Sit down, please.

	He pulls out a kitchen chair.  Kathleen sits.  She's a little
	woozy.


		Vase?


		Upper left.

	He gets out a vase.  Fills it with water.


		George says hello.  He told me you
		weren't feeling well.


		How is George?


		Great.  He's revolutionizing the place.
		No one is allowed to work in his
		department who doesn't have a Ph.D. in
		children's literature.

	He unwraps the paper around the flowers.  Daisies.  Puts them
	in a vase.


		I love daisies.


		You told me.

	He puts the vase on the kitchen table.  Kathleen plays with
	the petals.


		They're so friendly.  Don't you think
		they are the friendliest flower?


		I do.


		When did you break up?


		Oh, a couple of weeks ago.


		Everyone is breaking up.  You.  Me.  This
		other person I know broke up with someone
		in an elevator.  I think it was in an
		elevator.  Or just outside it.  Or after
		it.  It got stuck.  I think.  And suddenly
		everything became clear.  When I saw you,
		at the coffee place, I was waiting for him
		and I was --


		-- charming.


		I was not charming.


		Well, you  charming.

	The teakettle whistles.  Joe turns off the burner.


		Tea?


		Upper right.

	He gets out mugs and teabags and pours the water.


		I was upset.  And I was horrible.


		Honey?

	Kathleen nods.  He puts in two spoonfuls, gives it to her.


		 was horrible.


		True.  But  have no excuse.

	She picks up the daisies and carries them into:



	Joe follows her.  They both sit.


		Whereas I am a horrible person and have
		no choice but to be horrible, is that
		what you're saying?


		No I am not saying that because I am done
		saying horrible things, even to you.


		You did it again.

	She claps her hand over her mouth.


		I put you out of business.  You're
		entitled to hate me.


		I don't hate you --


		But you'll never forgive me.  Like
		Elizabeth.


		Who?


		Elizabeth Bennet in Pride and Prejudice.
		She was too proud --


		I thought you hated Pride and Prejudice.


		-- or was she too prejudiced and Mr.
		Darcy too proud?  I can never remember.
			
		It wasn't personal --


		-- It was business.  What is that
		supposed to mean?  I am so sick of that.
		All it means is it's not personal to you,
		but it's personal to me, it's personal to
		a lot of people.
			
		What's wrong with personal anyway?


		Nothing.


		I mean, whatever else anything is, it
		ought to begin by being personal.

	Kathleen stands up, picks up the daisies.


		My head's starting to get funny.  I have
		to go back to bed.

	They walk to...



	Kathleen puts the daisies next to the bed and gets into it.
	She fluffs up the pillows, pulls up the blankets, surrounds
	herself with Kleenex and Evian and sneezes a gigantic sneeze.


		Why did you stop by?  I forget.


		I wanted to be your friend.


		Oh.


		I knew it wasn't possible.  What can I
		say?  Sometimes a person just wants the
		impossible.  Could I ask you something?


		What?


		What happened with that guy at the cafe?


		Nothing.


		But you're crazy about him --


		Yes.  I am.


		Then why don't you run off with him?
		What are you waiting for?

	A long beat.


		I don't actually know him.


		Really.


		We only know each other -- oh God, you're
		not going to believe this --


		Let me guess.  From the Internet.


		Yes.


		You've Got Mail.


		Yes.


		Very powerful words.


		Yes.

	Joe sits on the edge of the bed.


		I'm happy for him.  Although -- could I
		make a little suggestion?  I think you
		should meet him.  No.  I take it back.
		Why meet him?


			
		I hardly think I need advice from someone
		who --

	He reaches out and gently claps his hand over her mouth.  And
	holds it there.  It's unexpectedly tender and sexy.


		I concede I bring out the worst in you,
		but let me help you not to say something
		you'll just torture yourself about for
		years to come.

	She starts to smile and he removes his hand.

	They look at each other.


		I hope you're better soon.  It would be 
		a shame to miss New York in the spring.

	Joe stands.


		Thank you for the daisies.

	He starts for the door.


		Take care.


		I will.


		Goodbye.


		Goodbye.

	We hear the door close.

	Hold on Kathleen.



	Christina is running.  She sees a good-looking MALE RUNNER
	coming toward her.  She has no hope that he will notice her,
	and starts to look away as they get close to one another.


		Hi.


		Hi.

	He passes her.  Christina can't believe it.

	She does a little dance of joy.

	Camera pulls back as we see her by the reservoir on a 
	beautiful morning doing her little celebratory spin.

	Then she resumes her morning exercise, running on.



	Patricia comes in.

	The place is packed.  There are hundreds of young Jewish New
	Yorkers singing folk songs and dancing the hora.  The Rabbi
	is dancing among them.

	Patricia sees the rabbi, leading the dance.

	The rabbi whirls madly toward her, like a human dreidel.


		Shabbat shalom!

	He grabs Patricia's hand, and to her surprise, they go
	whirling off together.



	Kathleen at the computer, typing.


		I have been thinking about this and
		I think we should meet.

	She clicks the send button and then exits from American On
	Line.

	On her computer screen we now see the standard screen with
	several icons: American On-Line, Word, Recycle Bin, etc.

	She clicks Word.

	She goes to File: New.

	There are several choices of format.

	She stares at the choices.  Then she clicks Book format.

	A blank page appears in the computer.

	She starts to type:  "Once upon a time there was a little
	girl named..."

	She pauses for a moment and looks around the room.  She sees
	the flowers that Joe brought her.

	And then she types: "Daisy."

	As she goes on typing...



	On Joe typing.


		We should meet.  And we will meet.  But
		I'm in the middle of a project that
		needs...
			(he pauses to think of the
			 right word)
		... tweaking.

	A look of calculation on his face.



	We can see Kathleen through the window, drinking a cup of
	coffee.

	And now we see Joe walk into Starbucks.  He waves at her,
	pretending surprise at seeing her.  Has he been watching the
	store and waiting for her to come in?  We'll never know.



	He's sitting next to her at the counter in the window.


		Tweaking?


		That's what he said.


		He's probably married.


		That's a terrible thing to say.  It's not
		possible.


		Have you asked him if he's married?  Have
		you said, "Are you married?"


		No.

	Joe looks at her, shrugs.



	As she types:


		I know this is probably a little late to
		be asking, but are you married?



	As he answers:


		Am I married?  What kind of a question is
		that?  How can you ask me that?  Don't
		you know me at all?  Oh wait, I get it.
		Your friends are telling you the reason
		we haven't met is that I'm married.  Am I
		right?



	Kathleen and Joe having nachos.


		So he didn't exactly answer.


		He did too.  He nailed me.  He knew
		exactly what I was up to.  Which is just
		like him.


		But he didn't exactly answer, did he?
		Did he?


		No.


		Maybe he's fat.


		I don't care about that.


		You don't care that he might be one of
		those guys who's so fat he has to be
		removed from his house with a crane?


		That's very unlikely.


		Why else do you think he's putting off
		meeting you?  Although... maybe that's
		not it.  Maybe...


		What?


		Never mind.


		What????


		He could be waiting til he's paroled.


		Oh, you won't believe this, there was a
		moment when George thought he might be
		the rooftop killer, which was completely
		ridiculous --

	Her voice trails off, as she considers whether it could be
	true.


		What's his handle?

	She shakes her head.


		Come on, I'm not going to write him.  Is
		that what you think?





		One five two.  One hundred fifty two.
		Very interesting.  He's 152 years old.
		He has 152 hairs remaining on his head.
		He's had 152 moles removed and now he
		has 152 pockmarks.



	As they walk past tables of bread and flowers, etc.


		His combined college board scores.


		His IQ.


		The number of women he's slept with.


		The number of times he's seen The
		Godfather.


		That's the first good thing I've heard
		about him.


		His address.  No, no, no.  He would never
		do anything that prosaic.

	On Joe, looking a little wounded.

			     KATHLEEN 
		The only thing I really care about
		besides the married thing... and the
		jail thing... is the boat thing.


		The boat thing?


		I could never be with anyone who has
		a boat.


		Oh.


		So that clinches it.  We'll never be
		together.  I'll take care of these.

	He picks up a mango, squeezes it.

			     JOE 
		I could never be with anyone who likes
		Joni Mitchell.
			
		"It's cloud's illusions I recall, I
		really don't know clouds at all."  
		What does that mean?

	Joe waits for Kathleen to say she likes Joni Mitchell.

	But Kathleen doesn't say anything.

	She starts intently picking over apples, trying to find some
	she wants.


		How's your book coming?



	As they walk away from the market, going uptown.


		There's a children's book editor I know,
		from the store, and she's excited to 
		read it.  When I finish it.  Who would 
		ever have thought I'd write?  I mean,
		if I didn't have all this free time, I
		would never have discovered --

	She stops, realizing what she's saying.

			     KATHLEEN 
		The truth is, he was the one who made me
		start thinking about writing --


		Mister 152 Felony Indictments --


		Mister 152... insights into my soul.


		Yes.  Well.  Can't compete with that.


		Well.  I keep bumping into you.  Hope
		your mango's ripe.


		I think it is.  Want to bump into me
		Saturday?  Around lunchtime?



	As Joe types.


		How about meeting Saturday?  The first
		day of spring.  4 P.M.  There's a place
		in Riverside Park at 88th Street where
		the path curves and when you come around
		the curve, you'll find me waiting.



	Kathleen and Joe are putting mustard on their hot dogs.


		Today?


		Today.


		Whoa.


		I know.  In Riverside Park.


		Isn't that amazing?  Maybe I've seen him,
		and I don't even know it.



	As they walk uptown, eating their hot dogs and drinking
	papaya drinks.


		He could be the Zipper Man.


		Who's that?


		This guy on Amsterdam who repairs
		zippers.  You'll never have to buy new
		luggage.


		Stop teasing.


		Timing is everything.  He waited until
		you were primed.  Until you knew there
		was no other man you could ever love.


			
		Yes.


		Sometimes I wonder...


		What?

	They stop walking, they look at each other.


		If I hadn't been Foxbooks and you hadn't
		been The Shop Around the Corner and we'd
		just met --


		Don't.


		I would have asked for your phone number
		and I wouldn't have been able to wait 24
		hours before calling and asking, "How
		about coffee, drinks, dinner, a movie,
		for as long as we both shall live?"


			
		Joe...


		And then we would never have been at war.


		No.


		The only fight we'd ever have is what
		video to rent on Saturday night.


		Who fights about that?


		Some people.  Not us.


		We would never.

	A long beat.


		If only...


		Please.  I have to go.

	She doesn't move.


		Let me ask you something?  How come
		you'll forgive him for standing you
		up and you won't forgive me for a 
		little tiny thing like putting you
		out of business?

	Kathleen looks at him.  Shakes her head.

	They look at each other.


		Oh how I wish you would.

	It's all Kathleen can do not to forgive him.

	It's all Joe can do not to kiss her.


		I really do have to go.


		You don't want to be late.

	She's in agony.

	He turns and walks away.

	After a moment, she does too.



	As we see Kathleen come down the street and walk into her
	house.



	As she comes out of the apartment house, having changed her
	clothes.



	As she comes toward the entrance to the park.



	As Kathleen comes down a path in the park, near 88th Street.

	She comes to a stop.

	Looks around.

	A young woman in running clothes passes by.

	A young father pushing a baby in one of those strollers
	runners use to push babies in.

	Kathleen looks at her watch.

	Suddenly she hears a noise.  A dog barking.

	And Brinkley comes around the corner.


		Brinkley!  Brinkley!

	And hold on Kathleen as she sees.



	And she starts to cry.

	And he comes to her.  And puts his arms around her.


		Don't cry, Shopgirl, don't cry.


		I wanted it to be you.  I wanted it to
		be you so badly.

	And as they kiss, we hold on them.

	And crane up and away as we see them, a couple kissing in the
	park on a beautiful spring day.

	A dog is leaping around them.

	And as we get further and further away from them, the screen
	turns into



	And the dog turns cartwheels and flipflops.

	And we tilt up to see the clouds and the sky

	and hear the sound of computer keys, clicking, clicking,
	clicking






