           




                           by

           Larry Wilson and Caroline Thompson



                       Rewrite by

                      Paul Rudnick


               based on the characters of
                     Charles Addams






                                  April 11, 1991












     A GROUP OF CAROLERS, their eager faces upturned, SINGS an
     endless and cloying roundelay of "Little Drummer Boy."
     They sing with self-righteous good cheer. As they
     pompously begin their umpteenth verse,
     THE CAMERA SLOWLY PANS UP THE ADDAMS MANSION -- past
     the black wreath on the front door, past broken windows,
     weather-beaten shingles, a creaking shutter.



     where the Addams Family members, GOMEZ, MORTICIA, GRANNY,
     PUGSLEY, WEDNESDAY, and LURCH, their faithful butler,
     gleefully POUR a CAULDRON OF BUBBLING, STEAMING PITCH
     over the edge.















     The clock is a perfect REPLICA OF THE ADDAMS FAMILY
     HOUSE, down to the creaking shutter. It chimes the hour.
     In ONE WINDOW, a LITTLE MECHANICAL GOMEZ bends a
     MECHANICAL MORTICIA back until she's almost off her feet
     and plants a kiss between her clockwork decolletage.
     One, two, three mechanical kisses, counting toward
     seven o'clock.



     IN ANOTHER WINDOW, A MECHANICAL PUGSLEY hangs a
     MECHANICAL WEDNESDAY from a noose on a gallows, up and
     down.
     Meanwhile, little BURSTS OF FOG float off the rooftop
     where a little MECHANICAL GRANNY cranks her fog machine.
     The front door of the house pops open, and a MECHANICAL
     LURCH appears and begins sweeping.
     Just then, THING, the disembodied hand with the
     full-bodied personality, CLIMBS into view over the back
     of the clock.
     Thing leaps to the floor and SCAMPERS down the hall.



     follows Thing along the hallway.












     He runs past a couple of doors, past a pair of LEGS in
     pajamas, feet in bedroom slippers. He skids to a halt
     and BACK TRACKS to the legs. He pulls on the cuff of
     the pajama bottoms. They belong to GOMEZ, who stands
     in the doorway to



     Gomez wears a fez and a smoking jacket over his pajamas.
     Even at this early hour, he puffs on his trademark cigar.
     Gomez is all enthusiasm or all despair. At the moment,
     he radiates unfathomable woe.



                Think of it, Thing. He's been gone
                for twenty-five years. For twenty-
                five years we've attempted to
                contact Fester in the great
                beyond...
     The room is a dusty, cobweb-filled, long-unoccupied shrine
     to Gomez's lost brother, Fester. Gomez drifts in from the
     doorway.
     The room has remained untouched since Fester's
     disappearance as a teenager. The thick coating of dust
     and cobwebs adorns the mementoes of a rapscallion's youth
     - a football pennant from Alcatraz, headless sports
     trophies, a high school photo with all the other students
     keeping as much distance from Fester as possible.
     As he lovingly and morosely surveys the room:



                ... And for twenty-five years,
                nothing. Not a whisper, not a
                clue. I'm beginning to think my
                my brother truly is lost.
     Gomez sighs.   Thing TUGS at his cuff, pulling him towards
     the



     Galloping ahead of Gomez, Thing leaps onto an
     old-fashioned door latch and the door swings open INTO



     Gomez approaches the bed.   Asleep on scarlet satin sheets
     is...


















                      
               Look at her -- I would die for her.
               I would kill for her. Either way
               -- what bliss.
     Low-voiced, incisive, and subtle, with Morticia, smiles
     are rare. The ghostly whiteness of her complexion is
     offset by the red of the pillowcase upon which her hair
     is spread like a diabolic halo. A dark Garbo, sultry
     and remote, she's a ruined beauty.
     Morticia OPENS HER EYES.



                      
               Unhappy, darling?



                      
               Oh, yes, yes. Completely.









     Pugsley crouches on the floor, playing with his kid-sized
     chemistry set.
     The walls of his room are covered with road signs he's
     collected -- "Bridge Out!", "Detour! Excavation Ahead!",
     "Dangerous Undertow!", "Keep Clear! High Voltage!"
     SAWED-OFF STOP SIGNS, still on their poles, are stacked
     in the corner.



     In another corner stands a CYLINDRICAL FLOOR-TO-CEILING



     This tubby energetic monster of a nine-year-old boy has
     every chance of growing up to be the public monster his
     parents would be proud of.
     He MIXES chemicals in a beaker. The brew steams.    Grin-
     ning wickedly, Pugsley SWALLOWS it down.
     He contorts, undergoing the beginnings of a transforma-
     tion, then SHRINKS to the size of a mouse. Laughing, he
     crawls out of his human-size pajamas.















     Solemn and mournful, ten-year-old Wednesday has black
     hair and white skin like her mother. She sits on a stool
     among the stored Addams' family objects, ONE END OF A



     The trap door is flung open, GRANNY pokes her head
     through. She's a giggly hag who looks like she was in
     the bathtub when the hairdryer fell in.
     Wednesday's pulled tooth swings at the end of the string.



               Thank you, Grandmama.
     In a foul mood, Granny tromps up into the attic.






               You kids are going to have to kill
               your own breakfast this morning.
     Wednesday opens a cigar box. Inside the box are assorted
     human and animal teeth, fangs and dentures, along with a
     collection of glass eyes. Wednesday drops her tooth in
     the box.









     Gomez takes Morticia in his arms. As she languidly
     drapes herself across his chest, she is caught in a
     sudden shaft of sunlight. She squints. On the bedside
     table beside her, Morticia's OVERSIZED CARNIVOROUS









               Gomez... the sun... il me perce
               comme un poignard.



                      
               Tish... that's French!



                      
               Oui.



               Cara mia!












     He kisses his way up to her neck, then, suddenly
     bursting with enthusiasm and a sense of purpose, LEAPS
     from the bed, drawing his bedside saber from its sheath
     and BRANDISHING it at the offending beam.



              En garde monsieur sole!
     He thrusts and parries, pantomiming a duel with the
     shaft of light.



              Gomez?



              Querida?



              Last night, you were... unhinged.
              You were like some desperate,
              howling demon. You frightened me.
              Do it again.
     Gomez, instantly aflame.






     Granny delivers a swift kick to her fog machine.



              Lousy bucket of bolts...!
     The FOG MACHINE, straight out of a Jules Verne nightmare,
     is malfunctioning this morning, struggling to churn
     out its patches of fog.






     At the window, Gomez pokes his head out. In the
     background, Morticia brushes her hair with a silver
     filigree brush.



                     
              Granny - where's your fog?















    the fog machine hurtles downwards, missing decapitating
    Gomez by millimeters. It crashes below, smashing through
    the front porch roof.









    Standing beside the front door is LURCH, the gigantic
    family butler, a reanimated stitched-together behemoth.
    He holds two brown paper lunch bags in his enormous
    hands. The bags' contents wriggle, eager to escape.



                     
              Thank you, Lurch.












     Pugsley takes his bag, opens it, and peers inside.    Lurch
     GROWLS, and Pugsley closes the bag.









     Gomez is HITTING GOLF BALLS -- Thing serving as his tee
     -- while Morticia sips tea.



     flies with incredible speed



     THROUGH THE WINDOW of the ADDAMS' ONLY NEIGHBOR. This
     well-tended HOME sits on the hill overlooking the
     Addams' Mansion like some Republican sentinel.






     JUDGE WOMACK, the Addams' CRUSTY PATRICIAN NEIGHBOR, is
     having his breakfast when Gomez's golf ball lands in
     his cornflakes, shattering the bowl, covering him with
     milk.
     Judge Womack hurries to his broken window, shaking his
     fist:



              Damn you, Addams!












     it appears to Gomez and Morticia that Judge Womack is
     waving to them. Gomez waves back.



                     
              Sorry about the window, Judge!
              Keep the ball! I have a whole
              bucketful.
     He holds up a bucket of golf balls. He tosses his
     golfclub to Thing, who DEPOSITS IT in the golfbag.












      Gomez joins Morticia watching






                  The little ones, off to school.
                  Bless them.



                  They grow up so fast, don't they?



                  Too fast.






      Tires smoking, the school bus strains to chug down the
      road. Gleefully hanging from the rear bumper is
      Pugsley, dragging his heels.









      Morticia, wearing gardening gloves, is snipping the
      blossoms off her roses.
      Gomez sits at a table, playing CHESS with Thing.



                  It's a milestone, Tish. This very
                  evening -- our twenty-fifth seance.
                  All those years, gnawed by guilt,
                  undone by woe, burning with
                  uncertainty...



                         
                  Oh Gomez, don't torture yourself.
                  That's my job.



                         
                  Tish...



                  Imagine, Darling, if Fester did
                  come back. Half-alive, barely
                  human, a rotting shell...



                  Don't tease.












      TULLY ALFORD, the family attorney, and his wife, MARGARET,
      approach "GATE," a wrought-iron monstrosity that opens of
      its own accord. Though Tully comes here often and
      Margaret has been here before, they never cease to be
      startled by "Gate."
      Tully has a puffy, once handsome face, and an embittered
      grey aura that is the mark of a middle-age misspent.
      High-strung and superficial, Margaret is more disap-
      pointed in Tully than he is in himself.
      Margaret passes through Gate first. Then, as Tully passes
      through, Gate slams on him, clipping him and catching the
      end of his coat. Tully fights Gate for his coat.






               Let me go!
      Ignoring Tully, Margaret continues stiffly up the walk.



                      
               Gimme that! Stop it! I'm warning
               you! It's not a good day!






      Gomez moves a chess piece. Thing gestures out the window.
      Gomez and Morticia both look out. As they do, Thing
      moves two chess pieces, cheating.



                      
               Tully is here, darling.







               Sing. Dance. Date.















                      
               Mother, I'm... I'm so terribly
               sorry...
                      
               It was just a party. It's over.
               It means nothing. Those Siamese
               twins, that hunchback, Cousin It
               - they're not you.



                      (clutching him
                       savagely)
               Say it, Gordon. Make me believe it.






               I love you.   And I want money.



                      
               We've got to find Tully.






      Morticia is looking for her children. She discovers
      Pugsley ASLEEP, curled up on the SILVER PLATTER WHERE THE
      TWO-HEADED PIG LAY. She finds this enchanting.
      Gomez enters.   Morticia shushes him; she points to the
      platter.



                      
               Look - our little boy.






                      
               All tuckered out.



                      
               So sweet. He looks just... like
               a little entree.
      Pugsley wakes up; he looks around.



                      
               Where... where's the party?















               It's over, darling - have you seen
               your sister?



               Not since before the Mamushka.



               Gomez?



               Don't fret - we'll find her.









      Gomez rallies the family for the search. Morticia wears
      a black cloak. Granny has grabbed her divining rod.
      Lurch distributes torches, then stands aside, awaiting
      instructions. Pugsley helps Gomez unroll an ancient map
      of the area.



               Fan out. Pugsley - head for the dung
               heap. Mama and Morticia - the shallow
               graves. I'll take the abyss, and
               Lurch - check the bottomless pit.



                      
               Her favorite...



                      
               Fester!!






               Up here.
      They look up at Fester, looking down at them from
      Wednesday's window.



               Fester! You take the ravine!     And
               the unmarked, abandoned well!



               Somebody should stay behind - in
               case she comes back.



               Good man!   Good thinking!















                  Then who'll take the swamp?
      Thing tugs at the cuff of Gomez's pants.       Gomez nods.



                  That's the spirit, Thing - lend a
                  hand! Let's go!
      They all sweep off, with Gomez in the lead.



      Fester is still at the window.      Abigail joins him.






      Spread far and wide over the grounds, the various members
      of the family search for Wednesday, tiny lights aloft,
      calling.



                  Where the hell is Tully?
      They head out.









      Fester and Virginia find...






      sitting in an armchair, basking in the rays of sunshine
      that beam from a copy of "The Sun Also Rises." Tully
      smiles at them.



                  What are you doing?



                  Relaxing.   Taking a little sun.



                  Have you gone mad?



                  Au contraire.
      Tully closes the book and smugly unfurls a LEGAL DOCUMENT.












       Thing hops lily pads, stopping occasionally to quest the
       air for his mistress.









       Torch aloft, Pugsley searches through the primeval forest.






       Lurch picks up a car -- looking for Wednesday.









       Morticia and Granny stand in the middle of the dripping
       dankness. Stalagmites. Stalactites.
       Granny's torch casts scary shadows on the cave walls.



                       
                Wednesday! Wednesday!



                Oh, Mama, I was sure we'd find her
                here.









       Gomez reaches a stately mausoleum at the far end of the
       cemetery. Two proud marble vultures guard the entryway.
       Gomez lowers the uplifted claw of one of the vultures and
       the stone doors slide open. He steps into -



       Inside it is catacomb-like, filled with the bleached
       bones of the Addams dead. Gomez's torch casts shadows
       -- one of which belongs to Wednesday, curled asleep on a
       stone sarcophagus. Relieved to find her, Gomez
       approaches quietly. He doesn't want to wake her up. He
       lifts her tenderly in his arms.












      Gate can't open. He rattles miserably on his hinges --
      locked tight with heavy chains and yellow police tape -
      large "NO TRESPASSING!! COURT ORDER!! ADDAMS FAMILY -
      KEEP OUT!!" signs are posted on Gate's rusty bars.



      the family, appalled at the sight of Gate.    Lurch carries
      the sleeping Wednesday and Pugsley.



                 What's all this?






      hurries down the walkway, waving his legal document.



                 This is a restraining order, Gomez.



                 A restraining order?



                 It requires you to keep a distance of
                 one thousand yards from this house.
                 You've got about nine hundred and
                 ninety-nine yards to go - catch my
                 drift?



                        
                 I am restrained - from my own house!?



                 Not your house, moustache! Not any
                 more! It belongs to the eldest living
                 descendant, the older of the brothers
                 -- Fester Addams!



                 But - this is lunacy!



                 Fester adores Gomez!



                 He's afraid of him. Seeing the
                 twins brought it all back.
                        
                 You're bitter rivals, Gomez - always
                 were, always will be!















               It's not so! Those girls meant nothing
               - he knows that! I demand to see
               Fester!



               Sorry - no can do. He's very hurt -
               it's not a good time. Leave it alone.
               Or better yet - just leave.












       Wednesday comes forward, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.



                 But he isn't even Uncle Fester.
       Gomez and Morticia turn to look at her.



                        
                 Do not fear - justic shall
                 prevail. The courts will decide!
                        
                 They say a man who represents
                 himself has a fool for a client.
                 Well, with God as my witness -
                 I am that fool!


















       hammers on the Judge's bench.
       PULL BACK to reveal --



       is the presiding judge.   He hammers the bench again, then
       reads his decision.


















                Given applicable standards of
                proof, the attempts to impugn this
                man's character or question his
                identity have been woefully
                inadequate. It is with no small
                amount of personal satisfaction
                that I declare Fester Addams legal
                executor of the Addams estate and
                rightful owner of all properties
                and possessions contained herein.
                Gomez Addams...
                       
                I believe this is yours.









      The family members TROOP to the car with their few
      possessions.



      already sits in the passenger seat of the Duesenberg, his
      coat draped over his shoulders as if he were an invalid,
      his head thrown back.
      Morticia carries out Cleo, her carnivorous plant. Granny
      carries her favorite cauldron, Wednesday one of her Marie
      Antoinette dolls, Pugsley his chemistry set. Lurch uproots
      his favorite tree and joins the procession. Thing follows,
      dragging a toy wagon packed with his rings, his glove.












      The Duesenberg eases out of the driveway and onto the
      street, WEIGHED DOWN by Lurch's tree, sticking out of
      the trunk.



      standing at a second story window, watches the car drive
      off.












      A two-story NEON ARROW points the way to this bungalow
      court -- Bright and awful ersatz western. LOG CABINS OF
      SIMULATED WOOD surround the TEEPEE-SHAPED OFFICE.
      The Addams' Duesenberg is parked in front of the furthest
      cabin. The asphalt has been ripped up in big chunks and
      Lurch's tree is parked next to the Addams' new home.









      Morticia leans into frame. With an icepick and a hammer,
      she deftly makes a large spidery CRACK in the round mirror.
      Sighing deeply, she stands back to admire her handiwork.
      Granny joins her.



                I like it.
      Her mother pats her consolingly.



                Just as long as we're together,
                n'est pas, mon cher?
      As she turns to Gomez, we see the interior of the bungalow
      -- all ersatz cowboy and Indian mixed with chrome-plated
      plastic and orange shag carpet.



      sits slumped in a   chair made from wagon wheel and nauga-
      hyde. It's as if    all of his insane, vibrant energy has
      been leeched from   him. He's a broken man. He looks back
      at her as if he's   never heard French.



                Huh?
      Wednesday tends to him.    She and her mother exchange a
      worried look.



      comes from the bathroom, nibbling a wrapped bar of motel
      soap.



                This place isn't so bad. They even
                put candy in the bathroom.



                That's the soap, dear.















                 Oh.
       He takes another greedy bite.
       Wednesday pats her father's arm.



                 Do you want a cigar, Father?



                        
                 They're very bad for you.



                        
                 Father?
       Wednesday exchanges a panic-stricken look with Morticia.
       The family moves closer to Gomez.



                 But maybe I'll have one of those...
       He takes a bar of soap from Pugsley.     Gomez unwraps it
       and morosely eats.









       C.U. on three hands, as they reach up to pull three of
       the countless chains.












       drops open, dumping out Fester, Abigail, and Tully - all
       of them wet and bedraggled and gasping for air.



                        
                 You're doing this on purpose.












       They all struggle to their feet and march grimly back
       toward the door.






       Gomez is STRETCHED OUT on the naked box springs of his
       bed -- the mattress pushed aside. A damp cloth covers
       his eyes. Thing MASSAGES his aching head. A bowl of
       MOTEL SOAPS is beside him.
       In contrast, Morticia squarely faces the crisis. She
       addresses the family from the head of the breakfast
       table, the want ads open on the table before her.






                We are Addamses, and we will not
                submit. Who recalls the fable of
                the tortoise and the hare? The
                swift, yet lazy little cottontail,
                and his slow but determined companion?
                What does that story teach us, as
                Addamses?



                Kill the hare. Skin it.   Boil it.



                Put the tortoise on the highway.



                During rush hour.



                Yes! We will survive! Poison us,
                strangle us, break our bones -
                we will come back for more.
                And why?



                Because we like it!















                 Because we're Addamses!
      Gomez tries to rouse himself.



                        
                 We're Addamses...
      He burps -- soap bubbles floating from his mouth.





















      Wednesday and Pugsley have set up a LEMONADE STAND, their
      contribution to the Addams' financial well-being. An
      array of POISONS are lined up on their rickety table.
      They've slashed their prices to a nickel per cup. The
      pitcher on the table before them steams.
      Cars speed by.
      Carrying a SAMPLE VACUUM CLEANER and a bucket, Lurch comes
      out of the motel courtyard. Pugsley offers him a cup of
      punch.



                Here, Lurch.   On the house.



      Lurch downs it in a gulp and heads off.
      Feeling the effects of the lemonade, Lurch BURPS -- a
      tongue of flame shoots from his mouth and INCINERATES A
      WOODEN INDIAN advertising the Wampum Court.









      Morticia is being interviewed by a PERSONNEL OFFICER, a
      relentlessly perky gal with a clipboard.



                We have so many homemakers re-entering
                the work force - your domestic skills
                can be very valuable. College?



                Private tutors.



                Major?



                Spells and Hexes.



                       
                Liberal Arts. Have you been a
                volunteer, PTA, service organizations?



                Well, one day each week I visit Death
                Row at our local prison, with my
                children.















                      
               With your children?



               Autographs.



               Well, what about your husband? Is
               he currently employed?



               He's... he's going through a bad patch
               at the moment. But it's not his fault.






                      
               Of course not. What is he - A
               loafer? A hopeless layabout? A
               shiftless dreamer?



                      
               Not anymore.
      The Personnel Officer shoots Morticia a doubtful glance,
      and begins rifling through her card file.






      Abigail and Fester are seated at opposite ends of the
      couch. Fester stares off into space. Abigail is going
      through a stack of colorful travel brochures.






               The Mediterranean, the Riviera - once
               we find the money, we'll go everywhere.
               We'll try again, right after lunch.
               Gordon - where should we go first?



                      
               I don't know...



               Acapulco? Cancun?
                      (she snaps her fingers
                       in the air, castanet-
                       style, trying to be
                       festive)
               Ariba! Ariba!



               You choose.















       Wednesday and Pugsley are at their lemonade stand. They
       are negotiating with a PRISSY LITTLE GIRL IN A GIRL SCOUT
       UNIFORM. The girl scout carries several boxes of Girl
       Scout cookies.



                       
                Is this made from real lemons?



                Yes.



                I only like all-natural foods and
                beverages. Organically grown, with
                no preservatives. Are you sure
                they're real lemons?



                Yes.















                 Well... I   tell you what. I'll buy
                 a cup, if   you buy a box of my
                 delicious   girl scout cookies. Do
                 we have a   deal?



                 Are they made from real girl scouts?






       White clapboard. Geraniums in the flower boxes.
       Surrounded by a white picket fence.



       Carrying his SAMPLE VACUUM CLEANER AND BUCKET, the tools of
       his new trade, Lurch carefully opens the little white gate.



       he rings the doorbell, afraid he might break something.
       A BLONDE HOUSEWIFE in tennis whites, obviously in a hurry,
       opens the door -- only to be greeted by a BUCKETFUL OF
       SLOP thrown past her, onto her peach Oriental rug. She
       SCREAMS in horror, turns to challenge the perpetrator of
       this atrocity and, seeing Lurch, SCREAMS again.
       In a panic, she tries to slam the door on Lurch, but, like
       the salesman's manual undoubtedly advised, he STICKS his
       foot in the way. The door partially RIPS off its hinges.
       Lurch steps inside and shuts the door as best he can.
       A moment passes. The door swings open and Lurch exits,
       jauntily waving a check.






























      Morticia is telling a story to a group of TODDLERS, who
      have gathered in a circle around her, sitting on carpet
      squares. The room is sunny and cheerful, with crayon
      drawings taped to the walls.



               ... and so the witch lured Hansel
               and Gretel into the candy house,
               by promising them more sweets. And
               she told them to look in the oven,
               and she was about to push them in,
               when, low and behold, Hansel pushed
               the poor, defenseless witch into the
               oven instead. Where she was burned
               alive, writhing in agony. Now,
               boys and girls, what do you think
               that feels like?
      After a beat, all the toddlers begin to CRY and WAIL.












thru                                                              thru






thru                                                              thru






       Granny holds a club behind her back as she stalks
       something.



                 Here kitty, kitty, kitty...









       Eating compulsively form a box of Mallomars, Gomez is
       still stretched out on the naked box springs. He stares
       vacantly at a game show on TV. "Jeopardy" is on.



                        (reading from
                         the card)
                 Monsters Of History for $200. "He was
                 known as the Butcher of Bavaria."



                        
                 Grandfather Addams!
                        (smacks his forehead,
                         hard)
                 Damn! Not in the form of a question!









       Granny, running now, club raised, hurries past the open
       window of the bungalow.
       She stops at the sight of Gomez inside, standing on the
       bed, staring at the television.
       C.U. on the TV set - Gomez is now watching Geraldo Rivera,
       hosting his tabloid style show.



                 Voodoo zombies - the stuff of
                 legend, or a living nightmare? Do
                 zombies really exist? How are they
                 made? Where can we find them?
                 Call in with your comments.












       A CALL-IN NUMBER is flashed on the screen.    Gomez reaches
       for the phone.






       Abigail and Gordon are seated at opposite ends of the
       table, having lunch. It is very quiet.



                After lunch, we'll try again.



                       
                Yes, Mother.



                We'll find the money. And meanwhile,
                we have this little nest. Quiet and
                cozy. Without that dreadful family.



                Yes, Mother.



                Just the two of us, away from the
                world. Our dream come true.



                Yes, Mother.
       As Fester repeats "Yes, Mother", in his drone, Abigail
       mimics him, silently.









       C.U. on the TV screen.   Geraldo is talking to a woman in
       the studio audience.



                So your son was brainwashed by voodoo
                slave masters and forced to recruit
                others. Let's take a call.



                       
                Geraldo...



                       
                Mr. Addams, please stop calling.
                We don't know where they meet.












       PULL BACK to the motel room. Gomez lets the phone drop.
       Morticia, seated on the edge of the box spring, tries to
       comfort him. Pugsley, Wednesday and Lurch are seated
       nearby, very worried about Gomez, as at a death watch.
       Gomez is now surrounded by junk food, and a mountain of
       junk food wrappers, bags and styrofoam containers.
       Ritually, as handmaidens, Morticia brings Gomez the
       remote control for the TV, and Wednesday brings him a
       copy of TV Guide.
       Pugsley brings Gomez a bag of "Doritos", and Lurch brings
       him a canister of "Pringles".



       Gomez uses the remote to switch channels.   An episode of
       "The Cosby Show" comes on.



                Re-run.
       He switches off the set and stares at the blank screen.



                I don't understand. All he does
                is watch TV and eat.



                I know - Gomez, let's go for a drive.
                The whole family.



                       
                A drive? And miss "Matlock"?
       Granny opens the door and sticks her head in.






                Dinner's going to be late.
       She slams the door.   We hear her whistling.



                Here, boy.   Here, boy.












        Morticia is putting Wednesday to bed.



                 If that man isn't Uncle Fester,
                 then who is he, mother?



                 I don't know, darling.   I wish
                 I did.



                 Why is that lady doing all this?



                 It's hard to say. Sometimes people
                 have had terrible childhoods. And
                 sometimes they just haven't found
                 their special place in life. And
                 sometimes they're dogs from hell
                 and must be destroyed.
        Morticia kisses Wednesday and she closes her eyes to go
        to sleep.












        The family sleeps - all but Morticia. She sits up in
        bed beside Gomez. She looks around at her family.
        Wednesday sleeps in the same bed as Granny. Lurch is flat
        out on the floor. Pugsley uses him for a mattress, and
        Thing uses Pugsley. Pugsley snores the inhale part of a
        snore, Lurch groans the exhale part, and Thing punctuates
        by wiggling.
        Morticia stares down at Gomez - for a long beat. She
        strokes his hair lovingly. Full of resolve, she gets
        out of bed.









        Fester is lying in bed, the covers around his chin.
        Abigail sits on the bed beside him, tucking him in.



                 I know why you've been so glum.
                 It's because it's taking us a
                 little longer than we'd hoped to
                 find the gold. Isn't that right?
        Fester turns away, depressed.



                 Of course it is. Well, don't you
                 worry - we're right on the verge.
                 Tomorrow, for certain, my darling.
                        (she kisses him on the
                         forehead, and stands.
                         She goes to the door,
                         and turns)
                 You know, some people might think
                 it's strange, for a mother and son
                 to be so close. I think it's
                 beautiful. Don't you, Gordon?
        Fester mumbles something, under his breath.



                         
                 What?



                        
                 Yes, mother. It's beautiful.















                         (instantly very sweet,
                          dabbing her eye with
                          a fingertip)
                  Look - I'm weeping.
        Abigail exits. The minute the door shuts, Fester gets
        out of bed. He is fully clothed. He goes to the window,
        and begins to climb out.












        Morticia, fully dressed, wearing her cloak, heads off
        down the walk. Unseen by her, Thing trails after.






        Morticia, just outside Gate, struggles to get it open,
        Thing clutching the bars, also attempting to block her
        way.



                  Stop it, you two.
        Morticia breaks free of Thing.






        Tully opens the front door. He smiles maliciously at
        the sight of Morticia on the stoop.



                  I would like to speak with Fester.
        Tully steps aside.



                  We've been expecting you...
        Morticia crosses the threshold.















      Thing does his damnedest to flag down any of the few
      oncoming cars. He waves to no avail, DANCES AROUND in
      frustration, then tries HITCHHIKING, sticking out his
      thumb. A passing car splashes him with mud.
      Screwing up his courage, in a kamikaze leap, he GRABS
      ahold of the bumper of the next car that comes along and
      hangs on for dear life as the car SPEEDS down the street.






      Morticia is now stretched out on the torture RACK. Fester
      and Tully are securing her hands and feet, under Abigail's
      supervision. Fester seems torn, agitated, upset.



                      
               You are a desperate woman, consumed
               by greed and infinite bitterness.
                      
               We could have been such friends.



               I don't think so. The vault,
               Mrs. Addams - any thoughts?



                      
               Despite everything, I don't hate
               you. I pity you. Persecution,
               fiendish torture, inhuman depravity -
               sometimes it's just not enough.



               Gordon - let's get started.



               But, Mother...



               Stop stalling!



               I'm not stalling! Stop badgering me!



                      
               Tully, take over! Tighten it!















               I'd love to, you know that, but -
               I've got this stomach thing. When I
               torture people. It's just me.



                         (shoving Tully toward
                          the rack)
               Do it!



                      (to Morticia,
                       politely)
               Where's your bathroom?









      Tully shuts his eyes and tightens the rack. Morticia's
      bones make a horrible POPPING, STRETCHING SOUND. She
      MOANS, rather sensually.



               Again!
      Tully tightens the rack again. More BONE-POPPING NOISES.
      Morticia MOANS again, even more orgasmically.



               Tighter!
      Tully tightens the rack a third time. BONE-POPPING NOISES.
      Morticia MOANS, very voluptuously. She opens her eyes.
      She sighs, in afterglow. She glances at Tully.



                      
               You've done this before.












      A hand possessed, Thing RACES up the driveway, raising
      dust as he goes.



      Thing leaps dramatically onto the porch, then stops dead
      to knock on the cabin door.
      After a beat:



               Who is it?     We're paid through
               Thursday.
      He opens the door.    Thing rushes in.









      Thing skitters on the kitchen counter, frantically
      signing. In the background, the rest of the family
      sleeps.















                       
                Slow down, Thing! It's terrible
                when you stutter!
      Frustrated, Thing grabs a SPOON and begins tapping out






                Morticia in danger... stop!    Send
                help at once ... stop!
      Thing flops down in exhausted triumph.    Gomez grabs him
      and heads off.












      Morticia is now lashed to an ENORMOUS TORTURE WHEEL.
      Tully and Abigail are tending the stick BRANDING IRONS
      stuck in the roaring fire.



                       
                You can't! Not with red-hot pokers!



                       
                Is this gonna smell?



                       (graciously, with
                        understanding)
                Tully Alford - charlatan. Deadbeat.
                Parasite. How Gomez adored you.



                Well, not enough.



                Morticia, please...



                Dear Fester - or whomever you are.
                Which is the real you - the loathsome,
                under-handed monster you've become?
                Or the loathsome, underhanded monster
                we came to love?



                       
                Don't ask me...















               Fester - I saw you tonight, at my
               window. I know it was you.



                      
               Gordon?



                      
               I was... restless! I couldn't sleep.



               Gordon, I have a thought. Just a
               notion, top of my head. Tell me what
               you think. Since you and Mrs. Addams
               are so very close...
      Abigail takes a red-hot POKER out of the fire and hands it
      to Fester.



               ... be my guest.












thru                                                             thru






       Gomez cuts the engine. The car glides silently through
       Gate -- who opens uncharacteristically without a creak.
       Gomez stops the car and skulks out. Thing skulks after
       him.
       Gomez sees the reflections of the roaring fire through
       the study window.









       As Fester takes the poker and approaches Morticia -
       GOMEZ CRASHES THROUGH THE WINDOW, in a back-flip.
       Thing JUDO-FLIPS in after Gomez.















               Cara mia!



               Mon cher!



               Addams!
      Thing tosses Gomez a saber off the study wall.
      Tully also grabs a saber, and approaches Gomez from behind.



               Darling, take care!



      Without even looking, Gomez parries Tully's blow from
      behind. Then he whirls on Tully.



               Dirty pool, old man.      Never again!



               This is for keeps, Gomez!      Not
               just doubloons!
      Tully feints, then slashes - shredding the front of Gomez's
      jacket.



               One for you, Tully, and...
      Gomez ATTACKS - HIS BLADE FLASHING LIKE LIGHTNING. In a
      blur of action, Tully's sword is knocked from his hand and
      he's sent tumbling backwards, finally landing on his knees.






               ... one for me!
      Tully looks up at Gomez with cowardly, pleading eyes.



               Gomez... it's Tully. I'm your
               lawyer. I'm on retainer.



               Let him up!
      Gomez turns to see...















      who now has a pistol aimed at Morticia.       One shot and
      Morticia will die horribly.
      Gomez throws aside his sword.      Tully scrambles to his
      feet.



                         
                  That's right! Now get moving -
                  Addams, take him to the vault.
                  And if you're not back in one
                  hour...
                         (the pistol aimed
                          at Morticia, and
                          using her accent)
                  I displace her.
      Gomez is near enough now to take Morticia's hand, on the
      torture wheel.



                  Tish - seeing you like this.   My
                  blood boils.



                  As does mine.



                         (touching the
                          torture wheel)
                  This wheel of pain...



                  Our wheel.



      CU on Fester, confused at watching this emotional
      display.



                         
                  To live without you - only that
                  would be torture.















                        
                 A day alone - only that would be
                 death.
      Gomez kisses Morticia's hand.



                 Knock it off!    The vault, Addams -
                 right now!



                 But, Mother can't we...
      Gomez reaches for the book that will open the secret
      panel:



                 Can it, Gordon! Stop dragging your
                 feet! You disgust me - you're nothing
                 but a useless, snivelling baby! A
                 stone around my neck! What was I
                 thinking - I should've left you where
                 I found you!
      At Abigail's final words, Fester suddenly LEAPS FORWARD.



                 No tricks, Gomez! That's the wrong
                 book!



      Gomez's hand is on the right book, "Greed," but Fester
      stops him from pulling it.






                 Allow me...
      Gomez looks into Fester's eyes -- realizing what he's
      about to do.



                        
                 Good show, old man...
      Fester reaches for a DIFFERENT BOOK -- "Hurricane Irene:
      Nightmare from Above."
      Seeing the title of the book, Tully suddenly panics:















               Put that book down, Gordon! You
               don't know what it can do! It's
               not just literture!



                      
               Oh, really?



               I'm your friend, Gordon - think
               of the doubloons!



               They're not yours, Tully!     Back off!



      ANGLE on Gomez, releasing Morticia from the torture wheel.



               Quickly, my darling!
      He helps her down from the wheel.



               Leather straps, red-hot pokers...



               Later, my dearest.
      ANGLE on Fester, facing off with Abigail, as Tully cowers.



               Keep the book closed, Gordon -
               listen to mother!



               I'll never listen to you - not
               ever again!



               I had to be strict with you -
               because I cared! Put it down!



               You never really loved me!
      ANGLE on Gomez and Morticia, nearing the bookcase.



               Come, my love - to safety!



               But what of Fester?















                        
                 Old man, this way!
       ANGLE on Abigail and Fester.



                 Stop whining, you little good-
                 for-nothing! Be a man!



                 You're a terrible mother!   There,
                 I said it!
       Fester opens the book, and blasts Tully out of the window.
       Then he blasts Abigail out as well.
       ANGLE ON GOMEZ, who has now pulled the right book, "Greed",
       to open the bookshelf. Amid the storm, he is leading
       Morticia behind the bookshelf. He tries to hold the
       bookshelf open for Fester to follow, fighting the gale
       force winds.



                        
                 Old man! This way!
       ANGLE ON THING, across the room, struggling across the
       floor toward the bookshelf. Thing fights the wind,
       which pelts him with papers and other flying debris.
       Gomez can no longer fight the storm, and the bookshelf
       slams shut. Fester desperately tries to close the book to
       quell the storm, but a HUGE BOLT OF LIGHTNING ZAPS HIM.
       He falls to the floor, with electricity coursing through
       him.



       MOVE IN on the storm raging within the pages of the book,
       then -









thru                                                             thru









thru                                                             thru












      A group of little CHILDREN approach the front door. There
      is a hand-lettered sign on the door reading "HALLOWEEN
      OPEN HOUSE." The children are dressed in traditional
      Halloween costumes - there's a witch, a ghost, a skeleton,
      etc., and they all carry trick-or-treat bags. They giggle
      and chatter. One of the children is pushed forward, and
      he KNOCKS on the front door. As the door opens, the
      children CHANT:



               Trick or...
      They freeze in mid-chant. We do not see who has opened
      the door, but the children do. After a beat, they SCREAM
      IN HORROR and run, terrified, back toward the street.















      Lurch is closing the front door, looking puzzled.
      The family is busily decorating the house for their annual
      Halloween festivities. All the decorations are elegant
      yet ancient, dusty and faded. The crystal gloves in the
      chandeliers have been replaced by miniature jack o-
      lanterns. Skeletons, each wearing a top hat, hang from
      the sconces by the nooses around their necks. There are
      clusters of black and orange balloons, covered with
      cobwebs. Uncle Fester and Thing are draping the banisters
      and stairway railings with a garland made from crepe
      paper, dead branches and spanish moss. Skulls, each
      holding a candle, are scattered about, on the stairs and
      the furniture. A stuffed, life-size scarecrow leans
      against the stairway, with a pitchfork through its throat.
      A banner on the wall reads "HAPPY HALLOWEEN", and the
      letters drip with blood.
      Gomez hangs upside down from the balcony.   Morticia hands
      him a decoration.
      Granny appears from the kitchen, carrying a tray of food.



               Well, it's their loss. I even
               made finger sandwiches.
      Perched on Fester's shoulder, Thing shakes in fear.



                      
               Oh, calm down.



               Here we come!



      Wednesday and Pugsley come down the stairs. Wednesday
      is dressed in her usual style, but Pugsley is dressed as
      a tiny version of UNCLE FESTER, COMPLETE WITH BALD HEAD AND
      GREATCOAT. The adults are delighted. Gomez flips down
      onto his feet.



               Pugsley, old man!



                      
               Look at you.



                      
               How do you like it?
      Fester is very touched; he picks Pugsley up.















               What can I say? He's going to
               break hearts.



               Let's get a picture!     Lurch?



               Oh yes - in the den.












      Everyone starts to move toward the den. There is a KNOCK
      on the door. Everyone turns. Lurch opens the door.
      Standing outside are Margaret and Cousin It. Margaret is
      dressed as a fairy princess, complete with wand. Cousin
      It wears a cowboy hat, a bandanna and a holster. Margaret
      is radiant, obviously very much in love.



               Trick or treat!



               Ooot oot glibber.



               Look, everyone! We have guests!



               Hello, Margaret. Cousin It - I
               almost didn't recognize you.



               Isn't he handsome? Everyone keeps
               asking where he bought his costume.



                      
               It is a wonderful hat.



                      
               And what are you, darling?   Where's
               your costume?



                      
               This is my costume. I'm a homicidal
               maniac. They look just like everyone
               else.






      Fester and Pugsley are posed at one end of the room.
      Lurch has set up an easel and canvas; he is painting
      Fester and Pugsley's portrait.
      Gomez and Wednesday are sitting on the floor amid
      newspapers, carving a pumpkin.
      Morticia is knitting. Margaret and Cousin It sit together,
      holding hands. Granny brings people cups of steaming
      punch, from a punch bowl.















               Halloween - it's such a special
               time. Ghosts and goblins. Witches
               on broomsticks.



               Children begging in the streets.



               I'm so glad I can share this night
               with my family - my real family.
               Now that I've got my memory back.



               That unfortunate woman. Filled with
               evil.
                      (shaking her head,
                       sadly)
               But not enough.



                      
               She wasn't your mother.     She just
               said that.



               Ooot oot gleep.



                      
               You remember, old sport - she really
               did find him tangled in a tuna net,
               twenty-five years ago. With amnesia.



               From the Bermuda Triangle.






               Ooot oot oot.



               How true.   Stranger things have
               happened.



               I'm sorry, and I'm not bitter,
               but I blame Tully.



               Ooot blipper gleep.



                      
               Oh, stop. I'm blushing.















                      
               Thank God for that lightning.
               Knocked some sense into you.



               Please, Uncle Fester?



                      
               Pugsley...















               For the picture?
      Fester pops a light bulb into his mouth.   It lights.
      Pugsley giggles.
      Gomez stands up, having finished the pumpkin. He places
      it on a table, and lights the candle inside. The pumpkin
      glows. It has ONE EYE IN THE MIDDLE OF ITS FOREHEAD.
      Everyone oohs and ahhs.



               You know, all the old sayings are
               true. There's no place like home.
               And blood is thicker than water.






               And just as refreshing.



               All right, everybody - time for a
               game! What shall it be - bobbing
               for apples?



               Charades?



               Ooot glibber glip.



               Of course - "Wake The Dead."



                      (delighted, to Gomez
                       remembering this childhood
                       favorite)
               "Wake The Dead"!



                      
               "Wake The Dead"! Out to the cemetery!
               Come on, everyone!
      Everyone starts to exit, chattering happily.



                      
               I've never played this before -
               how does it go?



               Did you bring a shovel?















               Uncle Fester, will you be on my team?



               No, mine!



                      
               I tell you what - we'll give you a
               head start. Three skulls and a
               pelvis - how's that?
      Pugsley and Wednesday cheer and run out.   Fester faces
      Gomez.






               My own dear brother - who could be
               more precious?



               Blood is thicker than water, old man.



                      (touched by the
                       brothers devotion)
               And just as refreshing.
      Gomez offers his hand.   Fester takes it, in a manly
      handshake.



               Let us never be parted.



               Let us always be as one.



      Fester flips Gomez in a JUDO FLIP.
      Gomez LANDS -
      At the foot of a glass display case. The camera pans up
      the case. It contains ABIGAIL AND TULLY, EXPERTLY



      Fester rises, dusting himself off.



                      (joyfully, to Gomez
                       and Morticia)
               Come on!



               We'll catch up.
      Fester runs out.


















      Everyone is gone. Morticia and Gomez have drifted into
      the front hall; they are moving toward the front door.



                       
                Our family... what are they?



                Oh, Tish - what a night. Everyone
                -- together at last. What more
                could we ask?






                Gomez?
      Morticia holds up the garment she's been knitting - it's
      a BABY JUMPER WITH THREE LEGS.



                       
                Cara mia... is it true?



                       (shaking her head
                        "yes")
                Oui, mon cher...
      They embrace, as the front door SWINGS OPEN, of its own
      accord.









      Morticia and Gomez are silhouetted in the doorway. There
      is a FULL MOON. In the distance, a wolf HOWLS. Wispy
      GHOSTS flit through the night sky. A human SCREAM is
      heard, followed by Granny's CACKLE. In the cemetery,
      torches are seen, like fireflies.










