BUCKAROO BANZAI

by

Earl Mac Rauch


Revised Third Draft
March 30, 1983
Becherman/Canton-Richter






		Classified File #2TC1695
		Dept. of Defense
		3-1-50 thru 8-31-53
		Re:  Project Sawtooth





Beside a 1950 Ford, a quartet of elite intellectuals poses 
playfully...dressed in the local custom of boots and cowboy hats, the 
TOW ORIENTAL MEN, A CAUCASIAN MAN, AND A CAUCASIAN WOMAN squint into 
the hot sun and then down at the jiggling home movie camera, the 
operator lopsided...


The advent of the Soviet nuclear capability ushers in a dangerous phase 
of the Cold War as the decade of the 1950s looms.  Stung by this Soviet 
challenge and the rapid race to develop ever more sophisticated 
weapons, the United States resurrects maverick Professor Toichi 
Hikita's work in electromagnetic particle acceleration...despite the 
dismal record of failure that has dogged the project.

TOICHI HIKITA, one of the group, walks forward, taking the CAMERA from 
its present operator, a four-year-old child...A LITTLE BOY IN CHAPS AND 
COWBOY HAT who now joins the other adults, in particular Caucasian 
woman and the elder Oriental man who pick him up and hug him...


Doctor Masado Banzai, preeminent Japanese quantum theorist, declares 
himself anxious to work for the Allies.  Enamored of the great American 
West, Banzai sires a precocious son and tags the tiny child "Buckaroo."  
A tribute to his adopted homeland.



A strange TWO-MAN SPEED VEHICLE readies for takeoff...the FIRST "PILOT" 
in the cockpit Dr. Banzai himself:


And thus given a second chance after his secret pre-war laboratory 
disaster at Princeton, Doctor Hikita finds new life at the Texas School 
of Mines, where he assembles a team of crack scientists willing to 
gamble he's right in his bold assertion that man can indeed pass 
unharmed through solid matter.

The SECOND "PILOT," a fair-haired Caucasian:	3


Sir Alan Motley of Cambridge, a brainy, affable limey, co-developer 
with Whitehead and Lord Russell of the world's most advanced 
theoretical gravity catapult...


The fourth scientist, the female Caucasian, busy with last-minute 
details, securing the two pilots in their seats, checking their 
instrument data, writing on a clipboard...


Dr. Sandra Banzai, Texas-born pioneer in Negative Mass Propulsion 
...wife of Dr. Masado Banzai.

...as the four-year-old BUCKAROO BANZAI now approaches the speed 
machine and gives his father a good-bye kiss...Dr. Banzai saying 
something to the boy, Buckaroo bowing respectfully, as his father and 
mother exchange last-minute assurances...

The cockpit canopy comes down, and Sandra Banzai tugs a reluctant 
little Buckaroo toward a sandbagged shelter...



...where Professor Hikita sits at a bank of monitoring equipment, 
Sandra Banzai and Buckaroo entering the enclosure as...

...A SUDDEN NOISE causes Sandra Banzai to turn in fear, the bizarre 
speed machine's motors whining at an astonishing rpm, BLINDING GREEN 




...Sandra Banzai rushing toward the sheet-metal vehicle through SMOKE 
AND GREEN FLAME as her husband and Sir Alan both struggle to get out...


...Buckaroo running after his mother who attempts to help the 
scientists free themselves when suddenly the child is thrown to the 
ground and protected by Professor Hikita's own body...as the 
experimental car VAPORIZES IN A FLASH OF EMERALD GREEN LIGHT!  THE 






T Minus five hundred and counting.  Phaser positive.  Latch compressor.






Power source output, zero-zero-niner.  Multi-stage axial compressor 
latched.



One hundred yards from a concrete blockhouse, a SERIES OF MYSTERIOUS 
CLOSEUPS of an UNUSUAL STRATEGIC AUTOMOBILE sitting ready to roll, as 
TECHNICIANS in asbestos suites fill its tanks with HIGHLY FLAMMABLE 





Fuel pressure, 1800 torrs.  Oxygenation.

...amid television screens, monitoring devices...an elite assortment of 
GOVERNMENT VIPS, MILITARY MEN, AND NEWS MEDIA REPRESENTATIVES standing 
by...


...one such observer, GENERAL CATBURD, an AIDE approaching, whispering 
unpleasant news in his ear...


You're kidding. Where is he?  Still in the hospital? 

The aide shrugging, the General leaning over to a nervous man sitting 
next to him...SECRETARY OF DEFENSE McKINLEY.


Banzai hasn't showed yet, Mr. Secretary. Looks like he's got cold feet.

Another angle.  Two of Buckaroo's men, RENO and PERFECT TOMMY, sitting 
with their boots on a computer console.


Better see what's keepin' the boss, Reno.


Why me?

...an attractive NETWORK TV ANCHORWOMAN headed this way...


'Cause I'm busy.  And get your clodhoppers off the UNIVAC.




SURGICAL MASK...such concentration.



...a phone ringing, a NURSE answering it, then:


Rawhide, it's for you.

Jacketless, A SINISTER PISTOL visible in the tooled leather shoulder 
holster, RAWHIDE takes the receiver.


I'll ask him.

Buckaroo, I need an estimate.  They're getting antsy over at Mission 
Control.



Buckaroo Banzai speaks into his GO-FONE:


Another ten minutes down here, Rawhide.

REVEALING DOCTOR BANZAI, the great surgeon, surrounded by a well-oiled 
team of physicians and nurses...his steady, miraculously skilled hands 
working a LASER KNIFE on the brain of a PATIENT sitting clamped in a 
serious chair.





The chief needs ten more minutes.  I got the chopper waiting.  Don't 
start without us.



Perfect Tommy still leaning back in his swivel chair, smiling at the 
blonde TV anchorwoman, waiting for her CAMERAMAN to set up...


So where's Buckaroo?



Whadda you need Buckaroo for?

The anchorwoman catching his drift, smiling, knowing Perfect Tommy 
perhaps intimately...Perfect Tommy glancing across the crowded room at 
Reno raising ten fingers...


Unscheduled surgery.  He'll be waltzing along momentarily.  What're you 
doing tonight?



Flying to Cambodia.

Perfect Tommy frowning severely as she tried on his Stetson, the 
anchorwoman promptly getting the message and putting it back down.


That's why I wear a fifty dollar hat.  Was a two hundred dollar hat, I 
hadda kill you.


Bet you say that to all the girls, Perfect Tommy.


Bet I do.



Another STAR SURGEON, scrubbing for an operation next door now peeking 
at his wrist watch TV:






Jesus Christ...how does the man find enough hours in the day?


We help.

The surgeon curious, studying the big TV monitor, Rawhide sensing an 
explanation is in order:


Dr. Banzai's using a laser to fuse artificial nerve fiber to the 
original, bypassing massive stroke damage.  A subcutaneous microphone's 
gonna allow the patient to transmit verbal instructions to his own 
brain.


What, like "raise my left arm"?


Or "throw the harpoon," depending on cultural differences. People are 
gonna come from all over. This guy's an Eskimo.



Buckaroo winding down the surgery.  A BRILLIANT BUT ERRATIC JEWISH 
PHYSICIAN at his side whispering through a mask...


Okay...right...okay, I see...next time I'll be able to...


There may not be a next time.


Look...I'm sorry...calling for help in the middle of an operation...but 
I just lost my nerve...I panicked...again.

Buckaroo picking a NIKON up off a table, snapping some pictures of his 
handiwork...


You've got the God-given tools to be a success in any field of 
endeavor, Dr. Zwibel.  Ever thought about joining me full-time?


Are you serious?  Have you have an opening?


Can you sing?


A little. I can dance.

Buckaroo glancing at the clock on the wall...




Inertial Control positive.  T minus seven zero and resume counting.


All systems righteous.  Professor Hikita says we have to go.

General Catburd and other VIPS happy to observe on their TV monitors 
the sight of a MAN IN BLACK COMMANDO PARACHUTE SUIT, carrying a 
BATTERED OLD BRIEFCASE, climbing into the cockpit of...THE JET CAR.



THE DRIVER'S POV, a curious combination of airplane dials and switches 
and personal touches like a big four-on-the-floor gear shift and a 
snazzy pearlized Brodi knob with snowflakes and a coochi-coochi girl...


ANGLE ON the driver as he removes a strange GRYOSCOPIC DEVICE from his 
briefcase, plugs it into a cradle near his head...



Professor Hikita standing at a special monitor as a light pops on, 
indicating "Overthruster Armed"....he covers it with a hanky...



...all quiet suddenly, the car poised, waiting...



General Catburd grabbing some coffee and doughnuts...the Secretary of 
Defense peering out through a viewing slot...


I've got a budget meeting on the hill, John.  What's this thing 
supposed to do anyway?


Three hundred miles an hour, General.


Senator, you are so fulla shit.


May not...



The Jet Car undergoing an amazing transformation:  TWO STABILIZER FINS 
AND A JET ENGINE suddenly appearing on its rear deck...



CLOSE ON THE DRIVER TO REVEAL BUCKAROO BANZAI, world famous figure in 
every field of endeavor as he withdraws a beautiful KAMIKAZE SCARF from 
his flight suit...wraps it like a warrior's headband around his 
helmet...


ANGLE ON Buckaroo's hand as his fingers flip a row of toggle switches, 
THE PULSATING POWER OF THE JET ENGINE INCREASING DRAMATICALLY with each 
successive switch...the vehicle a caged beast, taunting us, as Buckaroo 
flips the last switch...


Final contact is made.



No kidding.  A TWENTY FOOT SHEET OF FIRE ROCKETING FROM THE BACK OF THE 




The Cavaliers at their monitors, calm...Hikita making minor adjustments 
on his instrument bank...the Secretary of Defense and General Catburd 
both now at viewing slots in the blockhouse wall...


Point of no return...five, four, three, two...




...one.

As Buckaroo Banzai twists his steering-wheel mounted TWIN ACCELERATORS, 
the sudden forward lurch of the Jet Car slamming him back against the 
headrest...







Technicians and VIPS eye their monitors.


AND SO DO WE:  the rugged JET CAR raising a cloud of dust, viewed from 
high above us it blasts ahead!




Too bad war ain't Indianapolis.  It's fast, I'll give Banzai that.


Perhaps an idea whose time has come, General?  Scoot over.

Catburd moving aside as Senator Cunningham takes her turn with the 
viewing device.


It'll never work.  It's too simple.



HIGH OVERHEAD, manned by a TV NEWS CREW.


AN OVER-THE-CAMERAMAN'S SHOULDER POV as the JET CAR'S EXHAUST TRAIL 




BUCKAROO'S POV as the highway races underneath him...



ALL EYES glued to those TV monitors, Rawhide and Reno 
watching...Perfect Tommy slapping his hand on the desk.


Now twenty seconds downrange...Perfect Tommy, how on earth is Buckaroo 
able to keep that thing on the ground?


She's just a damn road hugger, Allison.  Plus the man can drive.



Talk about a road hugger...the JET CAR SCREAMS PAST A BANK OF HIGH 





Approaching thirty seconds downrange Three zero.  Course steady.  Speed 
three one seven nautical-four hundred...


He's gonna do it!  The man is gonna do it!


So what?  Big deal.  Anybody can drive fast in a straight line.



...as if in response to Catburd's comment, Buckaroo does an amazing 
thing, NOW FLICKING HIS DIRECTIONAL SIGNAL...








A FIRE breaking out on a dashboard gauge, Buckaroo quickly snuffing the 
SPARKS with his gloved hand...DANGER LIGHTS FLASHING!



...as AWESOME PHYSICAL PRESSURES take their tool on car and driver...




Buckaroo, do you read?


Advise you abort.  Over.  Repeat: advise abort.




That's a big "no can do".



Buckaroo's voice through STATIC AND CRACKLE.  Professor Hikita white-
knuckled...determined.



Buckaroo STILL ACCELERATING, struggling with his mighty 
machine...fierce vibrations, OIL AND SMOKE filling the cockpit...as he 
wipes hot oil off his goggles...



In the NETWORK HELICOPTER, a NEWSMAN and CAMERMAN catch this shocking 
turn of events:


THEIR POV OF...the JET CAR flaming along across the desert.  A SONIC 




A TV MONITOR...A HELICOPTER SHOT revealing that the course thus far 
traveled by Buckaroo is ON FIRE, the ground literally set ablaze by the 
incredible speed of his JET CAR:




The Jet Car off the road!  Radio contact with Mission Control here 
severed...that firestorm apparently interfering with 
communications...Buckaroo Banzai in serious trouble.


Either that or he's popped his cookies.

Professor Hikita, on pins and needles, face taught, concerned.


Mach 1.  Buckaroo!  Do you read?  Commence braking procedure!  Over!


He's heading for the goddamn mountains!


Eject, Buckaroo! EJECT!

Buckaroo heard faintly in a STORM OF NOISE...SPEAKING JAPANESE...


Professor Hikita, what'd he say?



He said, "This Bud's for you, Professor."  What does that mean?


ON THE MONITORS the JET CAR is seen heading directly into a box canyon 
and TOWARD A WALL OF MOUNTAINS, impact virtually assured.




Looks like Banzai's finally gonna get more than he bargained for.  And 
take the friends of the Earth with him.

Rawhide and Reno exchanging very concerned glances...



Buckaroo Banzai peers out his thick glass window.




ANGLE ON Buckaroo's hand moving to a switch on the dash marked 
OSCILLATION OVERTHURSTER, remaining there, posed.

REVERSE ON BUCKAROO:  eyes on his instruments.	61

ANOTHER ANGLE ON Buckaroo hitting the OVERTHRUSTER...	62







ALL INSTRUMENTS LOSE CONTACT WITH THE JET CAR!  Jaws drop in disbelief.







It's off my scope!


What the devil?  What is going on?!



BUCKAROO'S COCKPIT POV... like a roller coaster ride through a meteor 
shower - THE EIGHTH DIMENSION, AN ORGANIC ASTEROID HURTLING RIGHT AT US 



REVERSE ANGLE.  Looking directly at Buckaroo as his face distorts under 
God-knows-how-many G-forces...where the hell is he?!  His plexiglas 
visor shattering as if hit with a two-by-four.

COCKPIT POV...Buckaroo's windshield CRACKLING AND THE COCKPIT TURNING 



CLOSE ON DASHBOARD: wildly spinning dials, Buckaroo punching the 
OSCILLATION OVERTHRUSTER again, amid fire and smoke!



The TV crew in their fancy helicopter first to witness an astounding 
sight.


THEIR POV: the JET CAR EMERGING FROM SOLID ROCK AS THOUGH THE CRAGGY 






He's through it!  He's gone through the mountain without a scratch!  
Oh, my God!  Oh, my God in Heaven!



An overjoyed Professor Hikita, surrounded by chaos and confusion, 
throws both arms skyward in triumph...


Banzai!



Fifty miles downrange, Buckaroo tries to slow the speeding, smoke-
filled JET CAR.



A parachute popping out its back, at once ripping off in the high 
velocity wind...




Chute negative.  I'm gonna try and lay her sideways.


ANOTHER ANGLE as he reaches for the hand brake and simultaneously spins 
his Brodi knob hard to the right!



Buckaroo doing the impossible, somehow bringing the racing JET CAR to a 
spinning, skidding halt in a thicket of dry brush!  AS OVERHEAD THAT 




The battered JET CAR, exhausting smoke, Buckaroo rolling its window 
down, opening the door and emerging, checking the damage to his 
vehicle, noting a STRANGE GELATINOUS SUBSTANCE on the cracked 
windshield, touching it and turning his nose from the smell...his glove 
steaming!




ANGLE ON Buckaroo as he lowers himself under the Jet Car, coming face-
to-face with one ugly SPHERICAL PARASITE, THE THING SUDDENLY SHOOTING 
OUT at Buckaroo as he's about to touch it...A MOBILE PHONE starting to 
BEEP back in the cockpit...the PARASITE coming to rest on the 
ground...dead?



Pandemonium, people cheering...General Catburd on the phone...


This his frequency?  Nobody's home.



Buckaroo ignoring the phone, taking his lunch bag from the front seat 
and removing a sandwich, taking a bite of it, and using the foil to 
pick up the BIZARRE PARASITE from the desert floor...wrapping the weird 
thing up...now at last reaching for the car phone...





Gimme that!  You tell me, Buckaroo, what in the hell is this going-
through-solid-matter-and rendering-all-conventional-defense-perimeters-
useless-over-night bullshit?

But now Professor Hikita snatching the phone from the Secretary, 
turning his back to the room!


Buckaroo!  Did you seem them?  Did you?



Buckaroo leaning in to check his gauges, talking on his telephone.  TWO 
FIGURES from the news copter approaching, still a hundred yards off...


See 'em?  They about had me and the whole damn car for breakfast.  
Broke my windshield...





The creatures?  They attacked you?  They tried to possess you?


Creatures?

Buckaroo, Catburd here.  I got egg all over my face, but that's okay.  
No room for egos here.  We're all Americans and I wanna buy that thing 
of yours.  What's it gonna run me?


Not for sale.


I wasn't talking to you, Hikita san.

...as the Secretary of Defense picks up a RED PHONE...


This'll be the President of me?

Perfect Tommy and Reno suddenly stepping forward, intimidating 
Catburd...


She's not for sale, right, General?



CLOSE ON the haunting, unsettling eyes of DOCTOR LIZARDO, AN ORANGE-
HAIRED OLD MAN watching NETWORK FOOTAGE of the Jet Car Test on his 
battered Philco TV set...his eyes practically burning a whole through 
the screen...

...PULLING BACK TO REVEAL a room in an insane asylum, a room designed 
for several inmates but occupied by only one, this crazy old 
fiend...the empty beds piled with books and Italian memorabilia, the 
walls covered with mathematical equations...


ANGLE ON Dr. Lizardo even now unable to resist scribbling another 
formula on the wall with a piece of chalk...




Here she is, slowed down.  Lookit there...slam!  Right into the side of 
that mountain!  Perfect Tommy, Rawhide, Reno, you guys're the Hong Kong 
Cavaliers. Buckaroo's most trusted inner circle.  So I gotta ask, did 
it surprise you fellas as much as the rest of us when the BJV, the 
experimental jet vehicle went right off the scope and apparently smack 
into a black void?


Nope.


Was Buckaroo acting different this morning, I mean, in terms of other 
mornings?

The Cavaliers rolling their eyes, looking at one another...


Well, we partied pretty late last night.


BACK TO Dr. Lizardo now hearing footsteps outside in the corridor, and 

HE'S JUST WRITTEN...as his right hand reaches under his pillow and 
picks up a crude HOMEMADE ELECTROMAGNET...a piece of metal wrapped in 
copper wire, one end of which is a small loop that Lizardo now attaches 
directly to his thumbs...



The Overthruster! The Overthruster! 

Lizardo looking back at his equation, at first puzzled to find it 
erased, then becoming angry.









The Overthruster! 







Forty-six years prior (years before the ill-fated primitive speed car 
run involving Buckaroo's parents) an unlikely experiment in a strange 
factory...A RUNWAY...a much younger, dark-haired Doctor Lizardo being 
strapped into a homemade wicker chair/rocket sled by two LAB 
ASSISTANTS, the entire contraption set up like a catapult AIMED 




ANOTHER ANGLE...and peering into an unusual periscope, an equally 
JUVENILE PROFESSOR HIKITA wearing glasses and scraggly 
goatee...standing in front of a 1938 calendar on the wall, today's 
eagerly awaited date circled in red...


Almost ready, Dr. Lizardo...almost...

Doctor Lizardo pulling on a leather helmet, Professor Hikita nodding 
grimly at the LAB ASSISTANTS who tug on a GIANT LEVER...the 



More!  More!


Not so fast...


ANGLE ON Doctor Lizardo pulling a switch, UNLEASHING HIS WICKER CHAIR 
AT A FANTASTIC SPEED down the rails!


AT THE END OF THE TRACK...the strange device coming to an abrupt and 
total stop ten feet from the brick wall, pitching Lizardo forward 
and...


...through the wall, at least partially, the seemingly solid bricks 
turning out to be more like vertical QUICKSAND...Lizardo half in, half 
out, physically unhurt but screaming his head off...


...the assistants rushing down the runway to help pry him loose, while 
Professor Hikita observes an astonishing thing through his periscope.







BACK TO...the doctor's assistants frantically tugging on his feet, 
dragging him back into the room only to find this SUDDENLY ORANGE-
HAIRED LIZARDO a fearsome, changed individual...a beast!


CLOSE ON LIZARDO!  A terrifying scream issues from his mouth as he 
straightens up, at last wrenching free of the wicker chair, smashing 
his two assistants' heads together as he jumps over the runway!  Hikita 
watching wild-eyed as Lizardo makes a mad dash into the vast shadowy 
expanse of the factory...


A DISTANT VIEW OF LIZARDO as he rips a door off its hinges, escaping 
into the night, SILHOUTTED AGAINST A DAZZLING SECURITY LIGHT, THE 




Nearly half a century later, the elderly Lizardo regards with 
smoldering evil the turn of the key in his own door and the appearance 
of a GUARD who comes in and unplugs his TV set.


Cheer up, Lizardo, it's Friday.  I come for your TV.  You been using 
too damn much juice...ten thousand kilowatts again this month.  Beats 
me how one old homicidal loony could use that much power.

The guard leaving with Lizardo's TV...Lizardo trying to control 
himself, his eyes rolling up at the ceiling where yet another UNUSUAL 
EQUATION has been scrawled in an angry hand.


I want my TV...don't take my TV...I want it.  I want the Overthruster.  
I want it.



Mysterious half-light...CLOSEUPS...plugs and jacks...a portion of an 
upright base...drums with the BANZAI LOGO writ large...hands and feet 
putting everything together as an unseen audience stirs restlessly...



Backstage in a small dressing room, the rock band known as the Hong 
Kong Cavaliers waits to go on...three unidentified GROUPIES in 
attendance as Rawhide naps and Reno tunes his saxophone while Perfect 
Tommy answers the questions of a FEMALE REPORTER from the local 
underground press...

Professor Hikita meantime at a corner table, studying his big notebook, 
examining a pair of KODAK SLIDES...

...as there is the sound of a commotion in the corridor, EXCITED VOICES 
and FOOT TRAFFIC coming this way, Rawhide methodically counting down 
under his Stetson:


Five...four...three...two...one.


The door to the dressing room opening precisely on the count of one, 
admitting an out-of-breath and hastily tuxedoed Buckaroo Banzai, A 
SMALL CROWD OF ASSORTED FEMAL FANS locked outside.


I'm starving...somebody, help.


Got a half a tuna sandwich.


Same one you had yesterday?

Rawhide taking a half-eaten sandwich out of his hat and tossing it to 
Buckaroo...


Smells fermented.

Check in with the Institute, Reno, see if everything's kosher.


Buckaroo, I've done an advanced spectrograph analysis on the specimen 
you pulled off the Jet Car drive shaft.


And there's a two-hundred-dollar deductible we have to eat on that 
crack in her windshield.


Figures.  Anybody seen my scope?


Coming right up, Buckaroo.

Perfect Tommy producing a highly sophisticated SLIDE VIEWER...Buckaroo 
slipping in a transparency.


HIS POV OF A COLORFUL PRISMATIC GRAPH over the backdrop of A NAKED 



Buckaroo immediately diagnosing the problem and removing the naked-
woman slide from the viewer...


Anybody we know?


Who put this dirty picture in Buckaroo's viewer?

Rawhide reclaiming his raunchy slide, Buckaroo looking back into the 
sleek device...


I ran it through the centrifuge, but I came up blank.  It's definitely 
dead now, although it still conducts electricity even better than 
copper does.


Super performance organic material.


Yes, Perfect Tommy, in a way.  However...

...notice...although certain components resist identification, it 
corresponds very closely to an ordinary praying mantis.



Too closely.  Gotta be more than sheer coincidence.  Rawhide, you're 
keen on bugs.  What do you think?

Rawhide takes a look as Reno hangs the phone up...


Everything's copacetic at the Institute, Buckaroo.  Sam's with the Jet 
Car and she's under lock and key.  He's retiming her valves.

Buckaroo nodding, as he's interrupted by Perfect Tommy who's now 
brought over the female reporter...


Buckaroo, you got a minute--?


Not really.  This is pretty important.


She wants a picture.

Perfect Tommy quickly taking a place beside Buckaroo, smiling into the 
camera, as Reno and Rawhide exchange disgusted looks...


...the shutter clicking...another commotion in the hallway...the 
dressing room door opening to admit the club owner, ARTIE DUNCAN, a 
fifty-year-old rocker who has to struggle to close the door behind him 
on a herd of REPORTERS and FANS...


I don't care who you are...when you play my joint, you're just another 
band. I want some music outta you characters.


You want it, Artie? You got it.


Everybody ready?  How do we look?  Do we look okay?


I look great.  Let's rock 'n' roll.

A pair of no-nonsense BLUE SHIELD IRREGULARS appearing to escort them 
on-stage...as Rawhide returns the spectroscope to Professor Hikita...


No question about it.  Something very akin to arachnoid tissue.  If I 
hadda guess?  A mutated species.



Buckaroo, the Hong Kong Cavaliers, and their two Blue Shield escorts 
hustling down a corridor.



Our boys arriving on stage...SHADOWY FORMS in the dramatically murky 
light...a FAMILIAR VOICE BOOMING OVER THE P.A. SYSTEM...


Ladies and gentlemen, Artie's Artery is proud to present, for one night 
only...the one, the only, the amazing Buckaroo Banzai and his Hong Kong 
Cavaliers!


ON THE AUDIENCE, Buckaroo on lead guitar, joining the Hong Kong 
Cavaliers in a number so primal your feet just won't sit still!


...while at the rear of the room, seated by herself, we find an 
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY...crying, for some reason exempt from the general 
raucous good will.  She pours herself another drink, but booze won't do 
the job.  She's all alone.  She needs some help.  Her name is PENNY 



On-stage Buckaroo Banzai suddenly stops moving, stops singing and waves 
the Cavaliers to cease as well.  EERIE STILLNESS, the only sound 
Buckaroo's lips on the silver mike.


I heard somebody crying.

I said is someone out there crying in the darkness?

Yes, indeed...Penny's voice, weakly:	115


Here...here at the back. I'm sorry...


Buckaroo squints, spots her.  His voice comes mighty over the PUBLIC 



Raise your hand...where?



This is so embarrassing...


Somebody get her a mike? Can we manage that?  And a spotlight.  What's 
your name?


Penny.  I'd rather not reveal my last name or my age.

For reasons out of their control, Penny's name coming across to 
Buckaroo and the Cavaliers as "Peggy," said name immediately eliciting 
a surprised reaction from the Cavaliers...

...Buckaroo amazed as well...a not-too-distant pain deep in his soul 
momentarily manifesting itself, although he makes a brave attempt at 
nonchalance...as now Penny is given that microphone.


Did you say..."Peggy"?


My name is Penny. Penny Priddy.  There I've said it, but it won't mean 
anything to you.  I'm a nobody.

The business of the names settled, Buckaroo and the Cavaliers breathing 
a bit more easily...


Nobody's a nobody.  Why're you crying?  What's wrong?



Did I say anything was wrong? I just sponged up a little too much Vat 
69, okay? I'm down to my last nickel in this lousy town, I can't get my 
luggage outta hock 'cause I met this jerk who said he was a record 
producer when all he had was a record.  He offered to set me up for 
life, and like a fool, well, I...


He offered you money?


Do I look like that kinda girl?

I lost my room this morning.  I don't know where I'm gonna sleep 
tonight, but I keep going.  What the hell else can I do?  I've still 
got my figure, and like this bozo said, as long as there's a sidewalk, 
I'll always have a job.

A few snickers...BUCKAROO shooting a disapproving look at those guilty 
of laughing at another person's misfortune...


Remember it's always darkest just before the dawn.  Believe me, I've 
been there.

Buckaroo moving to a piano...starting to play...


This song's for Peggy.  And all you others out there a little down on 
your luck.



My name's, Penny!  But who cares?


Buckaroo and his men start to SING ANOTHER TUNE...slower, sexier.


...and Penny opens HER BIG CLEAR PLASTIC PURSE, removes first a dog-
earned paperback entitled Beyond the Realm of Atomic Particles and 
Massless Photons, by Buckaroo Banzai...then a BUCKAROO BANZAI COMIC 
BOOK, its cover depicting Buckaroo locked in mortal combat with HANOI 
SHAN, THE MANCHU TERROR!  Penny lays both publications on the table, 
continues to dig around, revealing next a SHINY SMALL-CALIBER AUTOMATIC 



ON STAGE...as Buckaroo pours it on, looking in her direction...	


Penny takes the gun from her purse and lays it in her lap, tears 
starting to flood her eyes...


BUCKAROO CROONING, all the women enraptured by his voice, his sultry 
glance, his animal presence...a real heart-breaker.


Penny takes another drink, wraps her hand around the tiny pearl 
handle...SLOWLY MOVING THE GUN...


ON STAGE, Buckaroo startled...	


...as in the blink of an eye Penny ATTEMPTS TO SHOOT HERSELF, her arm 
accidentally deflected by a passing WAITRESS, the SHOT going harmlessly 
into the ceiling as...


...the crack Hong Kong Cavaliers whip out their GUNS, snapping back 
hammers, forming a human barricade around Buckaroo...


...while BLUE SHIELD SECURITY MEN materialize and drag Penny screaming 
from the room.


Let me go, let me go, you creeps...


Everybody okay up here?


Arrest the girl!  Let's get this thing on the road, huh?


The Cavaliers holstering their weapons, resuming musical 
postures...Buckaroo too...but his mind still half on Penny Priddy.



Recreation time.  SEVERAL MADMEN playing video games, content.

Doctor Lizardo's Philco TV now sitting on a watch desk, the guard who 
took it eating dinner, leaning back in his chair, his feet on the 
set...so he can bash it now and then to improve the picture 
quality...as a SHADOW falls across him...Doctor Lizardo...pulling a 
RATTY SUITCASE on tiny travel wheels, wearing an ANCIENT SPORTJACKET.  
Out for a stroll?


Where do you think you're going, doc? The moon?


An amazing thing occurring, as Lizardo's right arm rockets out an 
catches the astonished guard around the throat, lifting him off the 
floor, Lizardo's left hand picking up the telephone...


Operator! I wanna place a person-to-person call to John Bigboote, 
Yoyodyne Propulsions Systems.  Grover's Mill, New Jersey. Tell him it's 
John Whorfin calling. That's W-H-O-R-F-I-N. Got it, honey? John! J-O-H-


Lizardo waiting for the call to go through as he strangles the last 
breath of air out of the helpless guard, drops him to the linoleum, 
reaching for the dead man's keys...



Of course it's me, John Bigboote, you fool! Prepare for my return!  The 
time has come.  Haven't you heard? Don't you watch TV? Banzai and 
Hikita have done it! I'll meet you at the factory.  Get that 
overthruster!  And the little Jap!  Alive!  Banzai's too dangerous.

Lizardo ripping the phone out of the wall, hurling it across the 
room...

...those inmates playing their video games fleeing like rabbits when 
they see that...Lizardo obviously no ordinary lunatic, as he proves by 
simply reaching out and...


...touching THE BUCKAROO BANZAI VIDEO GAME, instantly shorting it out 
on his way to freedom, suitcase in tow.



CLOSE ON a newspaper, a banner front page headline announcing the 
amazing Jet Car test...

...and down in a lower corner, A PHOTOGRAPH OF "WOULD-BE-ASSASSIN" 
PENNY PRIDDY being summarily escorted out of Artie's Artery...PULLING 



...a simple steel frame bed, fold-out desk with microscope, scientific 
books everywhere...Buckaroo trying to tie his bowtie, glancing at the 
newspaper propped upon his dresser, that picture of Penny Priddy 
staring back at him...Perfect Tommy and Reno nearby assembling some 
kind of slide show...THE WHOLE ROOM SWAYING MYSTERIOUSLY...

...the two Cavaliers worrying more about Buckaroo than about what 
they're doing, as they fumble the slides, several falling to the 
floor...


Pick those up, Reno.


I didn't drop 'em.

...Perfect Tommy getting up and peeking at the newspaper over 
Buckaroo's shoulder...then returning to Reno...their voices low...


It's a spittin' image.


Doesn't look anything like her to me.


Pictures don't lie.


Hell they don't. I met my first wife that way.


It's Peggy to these eyes.  Same nose, same hair.  Plus Buckaroo thinks 
so too or else he wouldn't be ready to go make a fool of himself, 
right?


Buckaroo overhearing all of this, of course, as the door opens, Rawhide 
appearing, offering a COMPUTER PRINT-OUT...


Hot off the World Watch Wire, Buckaroo. Thought you'd wanna be 
notified. That old pal of the professor's, Dr. Emilio Lizardo?  The one 
you did the brain scan on--?  He killed a guard last night, broke outta 
the Trenton Home for the Criminally Insane, stole a Masarati, totaled 
it a block away.

Buckaroo's expression changing at the mention of the name 
Lizardo...taking the 
print-out.


Then what?


Vanished. Thin air.


Doctor Lizardo. Wasn't he on TV once?


You're thinking of Mr. Wizard.  This guy's an eccentric genius.


Hey, so was Mr. Wizard.


Dr. Lizardo's a raving lunatic, Perfect Tommy, a vicious psychopath 
with crazy eyes and flaming orange hair that once upon a time was mousy 
brown like yours.


Have you warned Professor Hikita?


First thing I did.



Why?  What's going on?  Anything I oughta know?  C'mon, Rawhide, spill 
it.

Buckaroo nodding his permission...


The professor and Dr. Emilio Lizardo were actually the first to 
discover the Eighth Dimension.  Almost fifty years ago.  Before 
Buckaroo's parents even knew each other.  But there was trouble, a 
rocket catapult failed and Dr. Lizardo got sucked half in, half 
out...when they hauled him back ,he wasn't the same guy.  His hair was 
orange...


And his soul black as the Ace of Spades.


He went on a senseless crime spree, killed a cop during a bank robbery, 
got caught and judged insane.  The professor told us they threw away 
the key.


Hey, any lock can be picked.  So what's he up to?


I'm sure we'll find out soon enough.

Buckaroo heading for the door...Rawhide drawing a receipt book from his 
pocket.


And another thing.  Somebody took five bucks outta petty cash without 
signing.

Buckaroo and Reno automatically turning to Perfect Tommy...


Wasn't me.  I'd take a hundred, right?



...the guys following Buckaroo into an amazing ELECTRONIC NERVE CENTER, 
like the rugged interior of an AWACS, dimly lighted instrument panels 
manned by two BLUE SHIELD TECHNICAL EXPERTS.


Lookit this, Buckaroo.  Grossly abnormal high-altitude electrostatic 
disturbance over Connecticut.  Fallout from the Jet Car, you think?


Doubt it.  Check NORAD command.  Could be a volcanic ash cloud.  Work 
her up statistically, check it for the next twenty-four hours, then 
shovel the data over to Reno.



Buckaroo coming through another heavy steel door, and for the first 
time we realize that we just might be on a MOVING BUS...



BUCKAROO'S BUS pulling up...BUCKAROO BANZAI AND THE HONG KONG CAVALIERS 
emblazoned along its side.



Waiting near the watch desk, Buckaroo's Jewish surgeon buddy, Dr. 
Zwibel...in a thousand-dollars worth of drugstore cowboy gear, a 
Hoppalong Cassidy hat, red alligator boots, listening to the local 
COUNTRY STATION on a suitcase size stereo...

...looking up as Buckaroo, Reno, and Perfect Tommy approach...


Howdy, Buckaroo.  Got your message about rendezvousing here.  Barely 
had time to pack my saddlebags.


Sid, welcome aboard.

Fellas, meet a medical colleague, Sid Zwibel.  He'll be riding with us 
from now on, so get acquainted while I snoop around.

Buckaroo heading over to the DESK SERGEANT on duty...


The name's Reno.  This here's Perfect Tommy.


Where do you hail from, Doc?



New Jersey!


Where's your spurs at?


You making fun of me?


Reno, how's about you take New Jersey's gear, mosey on over to the bus 
and introduce him to the rest of the hands.


Why me?


Cause Buckaroo needs me here.

Reno picking up Doctor Zwibel's huge stereo and suitcase...


Follow me, pard'ner.



Penny sitting on her bunk, a disheveled mess...depressed, her head 
buried in her hands as Buckaroo arrives.  She sees his reflection in 
the pitiful mirror above her toilet...


What're you doing here? Why're you looking at me like that?


I guess 'cause you remind me of someone I once knew, long ago before 
any of this craziness.


Go away.  Let me rot?


Who were you really trying to kill last night?


You.  Like the papers all say.


Pretty terrible shot.

Silence.  Penny realizing you don't fool this man with the sloppy 
bowtie...coming over to the bars...


Was she pretty?


Who?


The girl I remind you of.


She was the Queen of the Netherlands.


It's kinda hard this way.

Meaning fixing his tie...which she's trying to do...


I'd turn around, but I'm afraid you'd strangle me.


The Netherlands.  Whew, that's a long way from Wyoming.


Wyoming? Not Cody, by any chance?


No.  Laramie.  Except I was born in Cody. How did you know that?  Oh, 
right, sure, I forgot: you know everything.


No, I don't.

Penny taking too long to retie Buckaroo's tie...an excuse to be near 
him...


Having a little trouble with that knot, aren't you?


Which?  The one in my throat.

Things really heating up between these two...Buckaroo changing the 
subject...blocking Perfect Tommy's view.


Did you have family there--? A sister?  In Cody?


I don't know. I always felt like I did, like there was another me...


Another 'you'?


Somewhere.  See I was taken away by the Priddies when I was a baby.  I 
was adopted.


Adopted.  I should have know. Of course. If it was a snake, it'd bit 
me!


What?  I don't understand you.  I don't understand anything anymore.


Who does?  It's a crazy mixed-up world.  Just do the best you can with 
what you have...

Buckaroo touching her moist cheek, wiping away a tear.  Perfect Tommy 
and the Desk Sergeant exchanging looks...


Running a little late, Buckaroo.


Let her out. In my custody.


Let her out?  She's a killer.

Buckaroo and Penny unable to look away from each other.


No she's not. 



REPORTERS, cameras, microphones, and a small audience of VIPS, civilian 
and military, in a large hotel conference room...eyes on the ticking 
clock...examining charts and MODELS OF SUBATOMIC PARTICLES...on the 
dais, Professor Hikita, Secretary of Defense McKinley and Senator 
Cunningham, waiting for Buckaroo.


Over the refreshment table set up for reporters, TWO REDHEADED MEN 
WEARING GLASSES practically FILL THEIR CUPS WITH CUBES OF SUGAR...one 
of their arms ELONGATING  for more sugar...THE STRANGE MOVE 



...as the crowd breaks into SPONTANEOUS APPLAUSE and Buckaroo Banzai 
enter, Penny Priddy beside him...the glamorous couple surrounded by the 
Hong Kong Cavaliers.


JOHN O'CONNOR, and JOHN GOMEZ, those two nearsighted REDHEADS with the 
sweet coffee applauding only politely.


Buckaroo taking Penny onto the dais with him, the Cavaliers assuming 
positions of security as...

...Buckaroo sits next to Professor Hikita who shields his remarks from 
what must be easily FIFTY MICROPHONES...


Rawhide tells me Dr. Lizardo escaped...



I'm assigning a couple Blue Shields to protect you around the clock, 
just in case.

Professor Hikita removing the OSCILLATION OVERTHRUSTER from his 
battered briefcase and laying it on the table.  Buckaroo taking a sip 
of water...


Thank you for coming.  Before I answer any questions, I think Buckaroo 
owes us all a few explanations for yesterday's antics.


Mr. Secretary...Senator Cunningham, ladies and gentlemen...thirty years 
ago, nearly to this day, my mother and father and Sir Alan Motley, all 
former colleagues of Professor Toichi Hikita at the Texas School of 
Mines, gave their lives for what was considered at the time an insane 
notion: the possibility of contacting alien life... not on another 
planet, but on a simultaneous plane of existence within solid 
matter...life which, before the war, Professor Hikita had actually 
glimpsed while pioneering a highly primitive gravity catapult with 
Doctor Emilio Lizardo.

1st REPORTER
The same Doctor Lizardo that just...?


One and the same.






John O'Connor and John Gomez at the refreshment table now adding 
several packs of 'Sweet 'n' Low' to their thick coffee as...




I don't wanna go get too technical here, ladies and gentlemen, but I'm 
talking twister physics.  Quantum Mechanics.  Now you see, now you 
don't.  This table I'm sitting behind?  It appears to be solid matter, 
right?

Buckaroo demonstrating by picking up his plastic water glass, dropping 
it, splashing water left and right as the container naturally bounces 
off the table...


But in point of fact, the solid parts of this table... the protons, 
quarks, your neutrons and electrons...they comprise only about one 
quadrillionth of its total volume.


Which is not a helluva lot to sink your teeth into.


Exactly.  So the professor here, way back in 1937, figured that if 
solid matter is mostly empty space, a person oughta be able to discover 
a to travel inside things like tables.  And mountains.


We at the Banzai Institute have at last found that way: an alternating 
gradient synchronizer that softens solid matter by attenuating its 
electroweak forces!


Which we all know are the forces that tend to pull objects part, right, 
professor?

2nd REPORTER
What about the Pentagon?  The possibility of war in the Eighth 
Dimension, Mr. Secretary?


Hey, better there than here, huh?

SOME APPLAUSE, the Secretary of Defense eyeing Penny critically as the 
lights dim...as RADAR SHIELD ONE slips into the room, approaches the 
dais, and the FIRST SLIDE is projected onto the screen...


...the image a murky one...but the outline of a WARSHIP WITH U.S. 
SAILORS ABOARD nonetheless unmistakable...





The President's calling you, Buckaroo.


The president of what?


The President of the United States.


ANOTHER SLIDE, even more graphic, the number on the bow of the ship 
plainly visible...7541.




Is he still delirious?



Can't tell. It's real fuzzy. I patched him through to a pay phone down 
the hall.


In 1942, a U.S. Navy frigate, number 7541, disappeared on a clear day 
in the North Atlantic. Long thought to have been torpedoed, these 
pictures of 7541 were taken yesterday in the Eighth Dimension.


Now wait a minute here...


Next transparency, please.

A loud murmur from the audience as the next slide in the projector 
proves to be a remarkable image...

...of AN UPSIDE DOWN SEVENTEENTH CENTURY PIRATE VESSEL.	151

...Buckaroo starting from the table only to be reminded by Penny:	152


Buckaroo, don't forget your thruster.

...handing him the OSCILLATION OVERTHRUSTER...Buckaroo declining it...


You keep an eye on it.


Any time. 



Meanwhile, several thousand miles overhead, a HUGE SPIKEY SPACECRAFT 




A mysterious cloud room where BLACK BRRODING CREATURES perch upside 
down and sideways at controls in a smoky, vaporous environment, the 
only illumination EERIE YELLOW LIGHT...THE WALLS BREATHING.


Mr. President--? You there?





Back at a pay phone in the corridor, Buckaroo trying to figure out why 
the President doesn't answer. 


Seemed like a bad connection even back on the bus.  But they used the 
code.


Mr. President--?  Some kind of interference...I can't...

Nothing from the other end except ODD SOUNDING COMPUTER BEEPS and the 
STATIC-LADEN VOICES of several operators...


Maybe it's just a prankster. Some computer whiz kid.


Whoever it was they used the Blue Code, Alpha Clearance.



Go back to the bus and reroute the call.


And try the President's private number at the hospital.  Make sure this 
is on the level. We're busy people here.


...when suddenly eerie, inexplicable things begin to occur...ALL HAVING 
TO DO WITH ELECTRICITY...the telephone book scooting closer to 
Buckaroo's fingers as if drawn by a magnet, the pages then turning, 
faster and faster...


...Buckaroo amazed...now the glass phone booth door abruptly slamming 
shut, the phone simultaneously emitting a BIZARRE BUZZ...


...and then Buckaroo gets literally the shock of his life...A MIGHTY 





Pencil!  Quick!  Pen!  Anything!

Reno complying, the lights returning to normal, Buckaroo dazed, his 
hand moving automatically, writing on any surface available.

A SPARK flying when he touches the metal-tipped pen to metal!	160

Buckaroo finally settling for his hand, SCRIBBLING NUMBERS ON HIS PALM.





Let me ask you to imagine the Oscillation Overthruster as a 
sophisticated rifle accelerator firing a steady stream of protons at a 
target-in this case a mountain-and the Jet Car as a giant super-
conducting magnet.

The Secretary of Defense fascinated.	163


Sure, sure, but what about the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh 
Dimensions?



I don't guess they matter.  It's like cheesecloth, I think.  Minkowiski 
space...

...as all eyes turn to see a still woozy Buckaroo Banzai returning, 
pointing dramatically at John Gomez and John O'Connor in the 
audience...


There!  Those two!  Don't panic...

The Cavaliers haven't a clue what he's talking about...


Whadda you mean, Buckaroo?  Where?  What?







Evil...pure and simple, from the eighth dimension! Grab 'em!


RENO'S POV...NOTHING OUT OF THE ORDINARY...neither Reno nor anyone else 
in the room seeing what Buckaroo does, seeing instead only those two 
redheaded gents who like their coffee sweet, John O'Connor and John 
Gomez...COULD THEY POSSIBLY BE THE CRIMSON CREATURES BUCKAROO THINKS 



Arachtoids! Stop 'em!


Arachtoids?


Buckaroo breaking into a dead run across the room, those two astonished 
RED ALIENS racing for the nearest exit!


The Hong Kong Cavaliers rushing to help Buckaroo when suddenly the 
PIERCING SCREAM of Penny Priddy causes them to stop in their tracks and 
look toward the dais...

...where yet NOTHER REDHEAD called JOHN BIGBOOTÉ, in glasses and dark 
suit, a bandanna over his face, has just stepped from behind the 
curtain and seized Professor Hikita, pointing a revolver at the old 
man's head...the Cavaliers instinctively stepping toward the dais, 
outraged...


Okay, wise guys! 

...the masked John Bigbooté FIRING once, wounding Reno in the 
shoulder...


Let those gun belts hit the floor! And nobody follows, or the prof is 
history! 

The pistol stuck in Professor Hikita's ear convincing the Cavaliers to 
obey, to watch helplessly as the kidnapper backs his victim through the 
curtain and out of sight...as new Jersey administers first aid to Reno 
and Penny strokes the fallen Cavalier's hair, berating the idle 
bystanders around them:


Is this the kind of society you want?  A society of weak-kneed 
jellyfish wallowing in self-pity, prey to ruthless hoodlums who pick us 
off like flies?


Or a society where we stand strong, take charge of our own destiny, 
with the cry "So far and no farther will we be pushed!"



Buckaroo in the meantime running down a flight of stairs...catching 
sight of his prey...THOSE TWO MONSTROUS RED ALIENS running through a 
swinging door...

...Buckaroo accelerating, hitting the door with every ounce of strength 
in him...



...Buckaroo flying through the door, taking a fall down concrete steps, 
finding himself in the hotel parking garage where a MOTORCYCLE SHOW is 
unloading equipment...

...Buckaroo spotting THREE SHADOWY FORMS halfway across the lot loading 
A LARGE CRATE into a van...

Buckaroo wasting no time going after the van, as it starts 
up...commandeering A FANCY NEW MOTORCYCLE, charging after the van 
despite an EXHIBITOR'S warning:


Hey, you can't ride that! 



The Cavaliers coming from two directions, colliding at an 
intersection...


Any sign of Buckaroo?


No!  Ditto the professor-


Shit!



The van speeds by...the motorcycle pursues!



The chase continues, leaving the city behind...



...the van coming straight toward us, thundering past...as Buckaroo and 
his motorcycle next roar INTO CAMERA in hot pursuit, and over his 
shoulder an AWESOME SIGHT...







Twilight enveloping a New Jersey meadow as a pair of DUCK HUNTERS and 
their DOG takes advantage of the last half hour of fading daylight 
as...

...that BLACK CREATURE wings overhead!	175


The duck hunters confused, frightened, FIRING, as a reflex reaction to 
this sudden threat from above!


CLOSE ON the AWFUL BLACK CREATURE HIT, swooping low with a horrible 
shudder!

The hunters transfixed...	178


My God!  What the hell...

The FRIGHTFUL sound of the CREATURE'S FAILING LUNGS...a terrific noise 
as the duck hunters hurry to where their unnatural kill hangs obscured 
in a gigantic tree...their dog running ahead, intent on retrieving this 
unusual "BIRD"...



The heavy-footed hunters SLOSHING THROUGH WATER, the first hunter to 
arrive on the scene using a sharp stick to poke at a BULGING BLADDER on 
the bottom of the strange creature, the sac bursting and drenching the 
hunter with a hideous viscous fluid...SPARKS!  AND A STRANGE BLUE 



...as suddenly AN ENORMOUS SPHERE drops out of the tree and begins 
rolling toward the hunter who poked that sac...


Jesus Christ--!  What is it?

The other hunter following the ODD SPERE as it backs his buddy into a 
shallow swamp...the thing coming to a stop and...


...A BLACK MAN with dreadlocks emerging from the top of the weird 
vessel, trying to balance himself when he slips and crashes to the 
ground, his neck breaking...a beam from his dropped 'flashlight' 
revealing him in death to be not a black man, but a BLACK ALIEN WITH A 



...the hunters terrified as their dog starts snarling at the tree where 
now a second BLACK MAN has emerged, running for the road, jumping the 
fence like a gazelle...


...the hunters not seeing this second individual, obsessed instead with 
a BUCKAROO BANZAI COMIC BOOK they've discovered in the dead alien's 
fingers.


It's the latest issue!



Buckaroo still on his MOTORCYCLE in pursuit of the van, taking a daring 
shortcut down a treacherous hillside...



Alien John Bigbooté at the wheel, alien John Gomez riding shotgun, in 
high spirits, cradling a DRY CELL BATTERY, his strange tongue upon it, 
getting high...his teeth glowing.

Bigbooté turning in his seat, overhearing alien John O'Connor operating 
a RADIO in the rear of the speeding van...


What? A black ship?  Where?

A black thermopod's been shot down ten miles back.


A black thermopod here?  On Earth?!  Why, John Gomez?  Why?

John Bigbooté looking at John Gomez for any possible explanation.


John Whorfin...maybe they know he's escaped!


How?  How could they possibly know?  They're more than three trillion 
six hundred sixty million miles away.



They know everything!  I told Whorfin to sit tight.  This could be the 
end of us all!  We gotta get Banzai's Overthruster and get off this 
rock!



The van making a 180( turn!



John Bigbooté yelling back to John O'Connor:


Where was it, John O'Connor? How far back?


I have a radio fix...

John Gomez opening the glove compartment, taking out a pistol:


Death to the enemy!


Death to the enemy--!  Kill or die!

John Bigbooté just driving...his strange eyes set.



Buckaroo rounding a curve on his motorcycle when that van is suddenly 
upon him, coming head on!

Buckaroo just having a split-second to catch the logo 'Yoyodyne' on the 
front of the van as he swerves into a ditch to avoid certain death...


...Buckaroo quickly restarting the motorcycle and taking out A SWISS 
ARMY LIGHTER/MINIATURE TWO-WAY RADIO, making a call to:


Rawhide.  Come in.  Over.



Back in the press conference room, the anxious Cavaliers try to help 
several LAW ENFORCEMENT TYPES reconstruct the professor's kidnapping.  
A TINY BUZZER going off in Rawhide's pocket:  his SWISS ARMY CIGARETTE 
LIGHTER.  Rawhide turns his Back on everyone, taking out a pack of 
Luckies, lighting up as he talks quietly into the FLAME:


Over, Buckaroo.  What's up?  Where in Hades are you?  I'm getting a 
lotta static.



Buckaroo pushing and shoving his motorcycle onto a woodland path...IT 



That's me. I've been ionized, but I'm okay. I'm, switching on the 
homing beacon, mark two minute intervals.


Buckaroo, somebody shanghaied the Professor!


The deuce you say.

That crate!



Elsewhere in the room, nervous and concerned, Penny Priddy sits apart 
from the others, thumping the keys of a piano...


What crate?


I think I'm on to something. You and the guys go back to the house and 
dig up everything you can on an outfit called Yoyodyne.



Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems?  You think they're mixed up in this?

...Reno sitting down next to Penny at the piano, his wounded arm in a 
sling but his fingers nimble as ever...


How long you been riding with Buckaroo, Reno?


Nigh on ten years.  Been through a lotta scrapes together.


What'd you do before?  Can I ask?


Government work.  Had my own think tank.  Got tired of thinking-wanted 
some action.  Seen plenty of it too.  So will you if you stick around.


Where's Buckaroo?  Is he alive?


Course he's alive.  He's Buckaroo Banzai.

Rawhide calling from across the room...


All right.  Let's go!  We got our work cut out for us tonight!

Reno getting up, Penny unsure at that moment whether she's being 
included, as those steely eyes of Rawhide zero in on her...


You, too, Miss Penny.



Darkness as Buckaroo races on, the taillights of the van far ahead...



John Gomez now sharing his DRY CELL BATTERY with John O'Connor, the two 
of them singing a SONG from their home planet...

...John Bigbooté at the wheel, preoccupied, refusing their offer of a 
toke on the battery with:


No thanks, I'm driving.



The Yoyodyne van approaching the scene of the downed spacecraft, the 
headlights of the single HIGHWAY PATROL CAR illuminating the CORPSE OF 
THE DEAD CREATURE in the water...the HIGHWAY PATROLMAN pulling the 
figure out of the water, the hunters standing by...


Hand me that tarp. Let's cover this guy...


What guy? He's got paws.

The other hunter tossing a plastic tarp over the body as they all turn 
to regard the headlights of the Yoyodyne van...the cop heading that 
way...


BUCKAROO ARRIVING now too, scraping to a stop on his motorcycle in 
heavy brush, creeping closer to the crash site for a better look...


BUCKAROO'S POV: The ungainly SPHERICAL SPACECRAFT and that amazing DEAD 
CREATURE on the ground, covered now with a sheet of semi-transparent 
plastic...observing John Bigbooté and John Gomez producing official 
I.D.s and appearing to BUCKAROO AS CRIMSON ALIENS...TO THE COPS AS...




John Bigbooté, Officer. Executive Vice President, Yoyodyne Propulsion 
Systems.



One of our birds.

The highway patrolman returning Bigbooté's I.D., still a little 
skeptical about the whole thing, pointing to THE DEAD CREATURE UNDER 



That fella over there-that one of yours, too, is it?

John Bigbooté having a ready answer...


The droid, you mean?


Buckaroo moving quickly to the back of the van, starting to open the 
rear door with a locksmith's pick attached to his special SWISS ARMY 




Buckaroo dropping the two-way radio homing device on the bumper...




The sound of the Swiss Army lighter jolting red alien John 
O'Connor...O'Connor thinking the noise has come from the crate 
itself...


Button up in there, Professor, if you know what's good for you.

John O'Connor stepping out for a smoke.



Buckaroo watching the alien John O'Connor move off in the direction of 
the hunters, retrieving his dropped Swiss Army lighter, not noticing 
that the once blinking L.E.D. on the homing device has gone out!  
Buckaroo again picking the lock...



...ordinary citizen John O'Connor meanwhile observing the hunters still 
hanging around, one of them engrossed in the Buckaroo comic, his pal 
trying to figure out how to operate the dead alien's unusual 
flashlight...


Nice night, huh?



...as Buckaroo stealthily enters, working the lock on the crate now 
with his all-purpose lighter.





John Bigbooté, John Gomez, and the cop looming above the dead 
creature...


Looks like nothing I ever seen. I seen droids in space movies, but 
they're nothing like this-


It's a three-man thermopod...

John Bigbooté shooting John Gomez a hard stare...


Thermopod?  What's a...


Very T.S.  Top Secret, right John Gomez?


Yeah, well, I was gonna call Buckaroo Banzai out here to have a look.  
Right up his alley, I think.

John Bigbooté's mood suddenly changing...tensing...


You called Buckaroo Banzai?


Not yet.  I said I was gonna.

The three of them looking up at another pair of headlights arriving, A 
SEDAN, the cop yelling at them:


Go on!  Keep it moving!


We got a truck on the way to mop things up for you.  Else this place 
could become a zoo, not to mention a haven for gawkers.

The highway patrolman moving off to deal with the sedan...


We'll just go ahead and start breaking it down.


Don't touch it!  I got my own help on the way!  That's an order!

John Bigbooté frowning, telling John Gomez:


There's a crowbar in the truck.

John Gomez nodding, heading back to the van...



...as Buckaroo pries his way into the crate, extracting the shaken 
Professor Hikita.

A SPARK dancing between them as they touch!	209



Buckaroo!  What the Sam Hill!


Careful...don't make noise and don't touch me.  I'm hotter than 
flapjacks.


What?


I'm a giant semi-conductor, and there's alien creatures all around us.  
Form the Eighth Dimension, I think.  Look...

Buckaroo trying to show Professor Hikita the MATHEMATICAL FORMULA 
written on his hand.


You can see them? 

Buckaroo holding a finger to his lips...whispering...


Ever since that phony phone call from the President.  Look at this. 
What is it?


It's your hand, Buckaroo.


It's an antidote. A formula.  Whoever it was on the phone made me 
scribble this and gave me the ability to penetrate their disguises.

Buckaroo opening the door to the van.

BUCKAROO SEES the red alien John Gomez coming closer...	211



Antidote to what?  Whose disguises?


Arachtoids.  From Planet Ten.


Planet 10?



There's a Harley behind those bushes.  Get back to the laboratory and 
start working on the formula.  We don't have time to ask questions.  
Just synthesize it-

The professor still without the crucial information, however...John 
Gomez approaching...


Buckaroo, the formula--

Thinking fast, Buckaroo presses the palm of his hand to Professor 
Hikita's forehead, the ball-point ink transferring...THE IMPORTANT 



Hurry!  Please.



The highway patrolman talking to the sedan...TWO SHADOWY FIGURES 



If you're gonna stay, you're gonna be under arrest.  It's your choice.



Meanwhile back on Buckaroo's bus, in the nerve center, Rawhide and 
Perfect Tommy look at a BLANK OSCILLOSCOPE operated by a Blue Shield 
Technician...


Twelve minutes since the last signal. Long time.


Too long.  We better get somebody over there.  Put up the grid, last 
known location--


CLOSE ON OSCILLOSCOPE...AN ELECTRONIC GRID FIELD coming up, noting 
Buckaroo's last location.



Hop on the Marconi, see if we got any Blue Shields within a ten-minute 
radius.


Done.



Buckaroo moving dangerously closer to the thermopod as the alien John 
Gomez returns with the crowbar...his other-worldly comrade demanding:


Open it!


...the highway patrolman meanwhile at his squad car, on his radio...THE 




Inside an all-night gas station somewhere in New Jersey, a young black 
kid named SCOOTER LINDLEY at his SPECIAL HAM RADIO SET, hearing:


Repeat: Intrastate Outward Band 5...Coded...calling all Blue Shield 
Irregulars in the Clam State.  Bucakroo in trouble...will repeat 
coordinates...


This is Scooter Lindley, Future Knight of the Blue Shield 411/2. Hang 
on!



Scooter racing outside toward his father, CASPER LINDLEY, the station 
owner, an everyday no-nonsense guy in grungy overalls, presently trying 
to sell a crushed velvet sofa from the top of a three-tier display rack 
to a PAIR OF DISCRIMINATING CUSTOMERS...


Dad! Dad! Buckaroo's in trouble!


Say what?!



A weary, worried Rawhide comes back into the front of the bus and takes 
a seat near Penny and Reno...


Trouble?


Nah-Damn sophisticated equipment always breaking down.

Reno wondering if there's more to it than Rawhide's saying...Rawhide 
losing himself in a copy of American Horseman.

Penny leaning forward, thinking, picking at a guitar left on the seat 
in front of her, watching the mysterious Hong Kong Cavaliers.


Perfect Tommy arriving, whispering something in Rawhide's ear, Rawhide 
nodding...

Penny looking over at Perfect Tommy across the aisle, Perfect Tommy 
confiscating the guitar...his guitar.


What's his problem?


Perfect Tommy's just threatened by smart women.  Can you play that 
thing?


Better than him.



Buckaroo jockeying for an improved position, as the alien John Gomez 
prepares to strike the pod-TWO MEN getting out of the sedan 
now...ARACHTOIDS in baggy suits...

...THE CROWBAR HITTING THE POD for the first time!


The cop turning, shouting at John Gomez from his squad car:


Whadda you think you're doing?  Hey!

The cop in a jam, heading back toward the pod, as the two newly arrived 
redheads follow him despite his instructions:


I said back off!  I mean it.  Now get in your car and get the hell 
outta here!

...the two goons halting...but as soon as the cop turns, they follow 
him again...



A modest estate, several unique buildings on several acres of rolling 
Midlothian grassland, home of Buckaroo Banzai and the Hong Kong 
Cavaliers...that famous Double B logo festooning a large front gate...a 
sign: THE BANZAI INSTITUTE FOR BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING AND STRATEGIC 



...A NUMBER OF BUCKAROO'S DEVOTED FANS perpetually outside with 
sleeping bags and cameras...a wave of excitement rippling through the 
crowd as BUCKAROO'S DOUBLE BUS approaches and THREE BLUE SHIELDS on 
guard begin opening the gate.



A combination Japanese ryokan-American ranch house, an elegant 
reflection of Buckaroo's dual lineage...a teenage girl heading for the 
door to answer an insistent buzzer...she MRS. JOHNSON...


...Penny and the Hong Kong Cavaliers standing outside...Mrs. Johnson 
reacting as if she's seen a ghost...


Peggy--!?  Oh, wow...no...


She's not Peggy, Mrs. Johnson--


Not Peggy--!  Of course not. How could she be, huh?  Whew.


Any word from Buckaroo?


No...I thought he was with you guys...

The Cavaliers quickly dispersing...Penny left alone under Mrs. 
Johnson's curious eyes...



...the Cavaliers stepping into a home studio, a tangle of wires and 
microphones, mixing consoles and data banks tended by a skeleton crew 
of BLUE SHIELD TECHNICIANS...one a brainy, wiry kid in his late teens.


Hi, fellas...gonna lay down some background vocals tonight?


Wish life was so simple, Billy.  Remember that outfit the Justice 
Department checked into last year-Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems?


The big space and weapons high tech consortium way behind on their 
delivery of the controversial new Truncheon Bomber?


You got her.  Buckaroo's orders: access their data bank.  Attack their 
systems.  Up to it?


I'm a little short-handed tonight.  My phone phreaks went into town for 
the big ice cream social...


So we'll help.  Let's get crackin'!


Who're you?



Buckaroo watches the alien John Gomez deliver ANOTHER BLOW to the black 
space pod, as inside...



...sits a single BLACK ARACHTOID CREWMAN named JOHN GANT, stoically at 
this communications console, trying to focus on a DISTORTED PICTURE 
FROM DEEP SPACE even as his enemy pounds and cuts through the hull...



...the picture of his video console coming into focus: a HIGHER-RANKING 



Destroy yourself, John Gant.  Set detonator.



...the BLACK ARACHTOID WING COMMANDER standing at his radio-video 
console, receiving a picture of "John Gant"...




Detonator set.  My most profuse apologies to my homeland and loved 
ones.  John Valuk is dead.  He fell on his head, but perhaps John 
Parker will get through!

The screen going dark.


THE ARACHTOID WING COMMANDER exchanging words with his second-in-
command...


But what if John Parker too is dead?  Then we must send another 
thermopod at once to contact Buckaroo Banzai!


There's no time.  We have our order from John Emdall.



The alien John O'Connor looking in on the crate...finding it 
empty...lid off...



Ordinary citizen John Gomez HITTING the little thermopod again, the cop 
exasperated, pushed to the brink, surrounded...


That's it, gentlemen, you're all under...

The cop reaches for his pistol when suddenly John Bigbooté whirls and 
lunges out with HIS TELESCOPING ARM, chopping the cop's Adam's apple, 
knocking him to the ground...

...the hunters stunned, one of them reaching for a shotgun when the two 
newly-arrived Yoyodyne goons attack, easily knocking the hunters to the 
ground, beating them!


Bucakroo starting forward, but A THREE-DIGIT HAND suddenly on his 
shoulder!  Spinning him around!


Easy, friend-

Buckaroo face-to-face with RED ARACHTOID John O'Connor, the latter 
surprised to discover it's...


Buckaroo Banzai--!

Buckaroo taking advantage of this creature's momentary amazement to 
kick O'Connor below the belt...dropping him to the turf...now spying 
yet another set of headlights coming down the road...



It's Buckaroo Banzai! Get him! He let the professor outta the box!


The goons pursuing Buckaroo onto the road, the HEADLIGHTS OF A TRUCK 
bearing down on them...Buckaroo waving back at the truck, his only 
chance, when suddenly, instead of slowing, the truck speeds up, trying 
to run him over...YOYODYNE!

...Buckaroo lunging to safety at the last minute, getting up and 
running into a field...the Yoyodyne truck making a 180( turn and coming 
after him, across the meadow.


...Buckaroo pursued by the truck and the goons when suddenly THE BLACK 
THERMOPOD EXPLODES, Buckaroo and the goons flying to the ground, 
Buckaroo quickly up and running, the truck gaining on 
him...gaining...still gaining when out of nowhere, A ROPE LADDER falls 
from the sky, entangling Buckaroo and pulling him up to a hovering 




Piloting the small chopper, Casper Lindley, gas station proprietor, 
along with his eager son, Scooter...both father and son dressed in Blue 
Shield outfits now...Casper giving Buckaroo a helping hand into the 
swift-flying craft and getting a MILD ELECTRICAL SHOCK, COMING THIS 



Forgive the butterfingers, Buckaroo.  Casper Lindley, Knight of the 
Blue Shield, at your disposal.  And my son, Scooter.


Nothing to apologize for, Casper.  You've gone beyond the call of duty 
tonight.  Mind if I get on the horn and radio the Cavaliers--?  They'll 
be worried.

Buckaroo reaching for the mike, relieved to feel only a SLIGHT 
ELECTRICAL CHARGE on touching it...


Not the famous Scooter....?


Wow.  You know it.



Professor Hikita on motorcycle, being waved through the front gate by a 
BLUE SHIELD GUARD while a second Shield, PINKY CARRUTHERS (on 
HORSEBACK), telephones ahead...


The prof just rolled in.  Says he's on his way to the lab and "Do not 
disturb."



Reno on the phone, getting the word on Hikita while the other Cavaliers 
watch Billy call up a strange senseless MAZE OF LETTERS AND NUMBERS on 
his monitor...


Try a new cipher.  Try G.


G cipher. There!  More like it!


Nice work, kid.


CLOSE UP SCREEN:  the letters having at least turned into something 
coherent...a batch of names and dates, vital statistics...headed 




Looks like we've accessed their Read Only Memory...a personnel file. 
Could be highly revealing.



The professor just pulled in, jabbering something about space monsters, 
locked himself in his lab.


"Space monsters"...my ass.



Mrs. Johnson leading Penny down a richly paneled corridor past pictures 
and momentoes of Buckaroo and the Cavaliers, past and present...


I'm sure the boys like you.  They just don't wanna get attached...and 
then see what happened to Buckaroo's last sweetheart happen to you.


What happened to her?

Mrs. Johnson biting her tongue...


You know any judo?


Any what?


Don't worry, I won't hurt you.

Penny staring at this strange young girl, not knowing what to say...


What's up those stairs?


Bunkhouse.  Off limits.  You'll be bedding down in here.

...Mrs. Johnson opening a guest room door...Penny eyeing those 
forbidden stairs...




This is queer...look...

Billy staring intently at the monitor...the others leaning in...


CLOSE ON MONITOR:  a list of IDENTICAL DATES AND PLACES NEXT TO A RAFT 




All these people applied for drivers' licenses in the same town in New 
Jersey on the exact same date.


New Jersey?


Forty-six Yoyodyne employees.  Grover's Mill, New Jersey, 11/1/38.


Grover's Mills, Grovers' Mills...1938.  Why's that so darn familiar?


Looks like none of these guys ever lived anywhere else.  No places of 
birth.  And all of them with the same first name: John.

New Jersey studying the screen...


November 1, thirty days have September, April, June, and 
November...when short February's done, all the rest have thirty-one. 
October 31st!  Halloween!  Don't you get it? 

Orson Welles!


You mean the guy from the old wine commercials?


Halloween. 1938..."War of the Worlds"...that fake radio news broadcast 
that got everybody scared, thinking that real live Martians were 
landing in Grover's Mill, New Jersey!  But then it all just turned out 
to be a hoax.


Then that's it!


What's it?


Right!  Hoax my eye!


You mean--?  No!


Yes!  Martians!  Right across the river in Grover's Mills!



Pinky Carruthers aboard his palomino as JOHN PARKER (the only alien to 
escape the black thermopod) rides up outside the gate on a 
bicycle...holding a STRANGE YELLOW RECORD in his grasp...


Hi, buddy, what can I do for ya?


Buckaroo Banzai?


You a messenger? What've you got here?

Pinky Carruthers snatching the ODD YELLOW RECORD through the gate...


I need see Buckaroo Banzai in person. My name is John Parker. Identify 
yourself.


Knight Commander, Pinky Carruthers. Sorry, John, all these people "need 
see" Buckaroo in person.

And with that Pinky Carruthers is gone, trotting up toward the mansion 
on his palomino...

...as a frustrated John Parker suddenly sticks his nose in the air, 
getting a whiff of something, causing him to get on his bike and 
pedal...



...around the corner of Buckaroo's estate where he notices a PARKED VAN 
and THREE SHADOWY FIGURES lowering themselves into the ground near the 
high security wall...disappearing...

...John Parker approaching, beholding...that familiar "Yoyodyne" 
van...and a FRESHLY DUG HOLE, crawling into the hold himself.



...surfacing WITHIN THE WALLS OF THE ESTATE and again catching sight of 
THE SHADOWY FIGURES moving toward the buildings, John Parker 
following...quickly ducking behind a tree, trying to get himself a good 
view of the three intruders...


That's as far as you go, pal.

John Parker jerking his head around, finding himself confronting the 
FRIGHTENING SILHOUETTE of a Blue Shield in camouflage commando gear...


...John Parker instinctively raising a hand to protect himself when 
without warning, a second BLUE SHIELD drops on his head from the tree 
above, knocking him down...



Closed...SAM, the mechanic, next to Buckaroo's precious JET CAR, 
tinkering with that damaged Harley Davidson...the garage door suddenly 
sliding open, startling Sam...no one there.


Okay, who's the funny guy?



In the buses, CLOSE ON SOMETHING WEIRD EMERGING SLOWLY FROM TEH ALIEN 


Sam stepping forward...A FIVE-PRONGED ORGANIC STINGER THE SIZE OF A 
WALNUT FLYING OUT OF THE NIGHT!  A scream dying in Sam's throat as he 
clutches his heart, John Bigbooté dragging him back into the garage.



...while the red alien John Gomez remains outside as a lookout, the 
alien John O'Connor quickly peering into the locked Jet Car and 
smashing the window, searching in vain for the OSCILLATION 



Not here!  No Overthruster!


John Whorfin will kill us!


You look!  It's not here!


Professor Hikita!



Outside, John Gomez making a startling discovery: the figure of 
Professor Hikita near an upstairs window of the research building only 
yards away...when suddenly overhead...


GOMEZ'S POV...CASPER LINDLEY'S CHOPPER...landing behind a stand of 
trees as the alien intruders scatter for cover.



Mrs. Johnson sitting near a crackling fire, at a small desk stacked 
high with books and papers, her nose in an advanced chemical 
engineering text.

...looking up as the front door opens, admitting Buckaroo Banzai, 
Casper and Scooter bringing up the rear...


Buckaroo!


Is the professor here? Where's Penny?


Both of 'em safe and sound. What's going on?  Everybody's freakin' out.

A shaken Rawhide, Reno, Perfect Tommy appearing on the stairway...


They're arachtoids, Buckaroo, from Planet 10!


What? How do you know that?


It's all on the record. Come on-

Buckaroo heading up the stairs...


UPSTAIRS HALLWAY...BUCKAROO MOVING QUICKLY DOWN THE CORRIDOR with his 
men, being debriefed on the run:


Planet 10?  The same Planet 10 you postulated beyond Pluto, Perfect 
Tommy?  The invisible body?


Yeah, but most of 'em blasted in through the Eighth Dimension in 1938 
at Grover's Mills, New Jersey...


...where there was some kinda giant crash landing, a huge explosion and 
they fooled Orson Welles into covering it up!  And then they founded 
Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems and hid there for...


Orson Wells?  What about Doctor Lizardo?


Lizardo caused it all.  Because he was already here on earth, screwing 
around with his own stupid Overthruster.


Faulty design.  It sucked.


...but he wasn't the real Doctor Lizardo...just this arachtoid creep 
that stole the good doc's body the year before in the Eighth Dimension 
when Prof. Hikita's lab exploded...


Stole his body?  When Doctor Lizardo's hair turned red and his mind 
snapped?  Of course!  What else?


It wouldn't tell us the whole story until you got here.  It wasn't to 
talk to the head honcho.


It?  Who does?



Professor Hikita and his assistant toil away, starting at...


...an elaborate electron-tube apparatus that just now beings to produce 



...the professor excited, confused...rechecking Buckaroo's EQUATION ON 
HIS FOREHEAD by looking into a mirror.



...while Billy places John Parker's UNUSUAL YELLOW RECORD on a 
turntable in Buckaroo's cluttered office...Casper and Scooter and the 
Cavaliers seeking protection behind a PLEXIGLAS 'BLACKBOARD', their 
faces seen through a maze of mathematical symbols and equations...


...Buckaroo at his messy desk with a can of beer, FASCINATED TO SEE HE 




Stand back, man...


...as the needle now comes down on the yellow disc, and amid a flurry 
of SMOKE AND SPARKS, A GORGEOUS BLACK HUMAN FEMAL sizzles up from the 
grooves of the record and hovers in mid-air...A HOLOGRAM!


Salutations, great Buckaroo Banzai.  I am John Emdall from Planet 10.  
A common grave danger confronts both our worlds.



Meanwhile out in the corridor, Mrs. Johnson advances with a load of 
cold beers and Birdseye burritos...passing by a figure frozen in the 
shadows...OUR POV: THE ALIEN JOHN O'CONNOR.  Mrs. Johnson gone, none 
the wiser.



Mrs. Johnson entering, dropping some of her load in shock at the sight 
of beautiful John Emdall floating free in the center of the room...


Oh, wow...

Reno picking her things up, as Mrs. Johnson backs away from the 
HOLOGRAM and sticks the burritos in a portable microwave oven in the 
corner of Buckaroo's desk...



After a bloody reign of terror, the hated leader of our military caste, 
the self-proclaimed "Lord" Whorfin, a bloodthirsty butcher as evil as 
your Hitler was overthrown by freedom-loving forces, tried, and 
condemned, along with several hundred of his followers, to spend 
eternity in the formless void of the Eighth Dimension. Death was deemed 
too good for their ilk.



Did you tell Penny Buckaroo wanted to see her?


She's not in her room...I looked.


Will everybody please shut up so I can hear this thing?



Were it not for the experiments of your father and Professor Hikita and 
the real Doctor Lizardo, then John Whorfin would still be locked safely 
away on another plane of existence.


Rawhide and Pinky Carruthers holding a whispered conversation elsewhere 
in the room...


"John Parker" I think he called himself, this Rasta man on a bike 
dressed up in aluminum foil.  With a weird album...how the hell was I 
supposed to know he came from outer space?

Buckaroo moving dangerously close to the HOLOGRAM...

John Emdall suddenly pointing right at the great man...	273


And now, you, Buckaroo Banzai, have unintentionally helped John Whorfin 
further with your Oscillation Overthruster! For our intelligence warns 
us that John Whorfin is about to make good his escape from Earth back 
through the Eighth Dimension...and on to Planet 10! If he should 
attempt this we will have no choice but to disrupt worldwide electronic 
communications and fire a particle beam weapon from your airspace to 
Smolensk, in the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics.


An action the Kremlin will most certainly misinterpret as an American 
first strike!


Exactly, Perfect Tommy.  The Soviets will retaliate.  Your President 
Widmark will launch a massive counterforce strike...and within twenty 
minutes the danger to Planet 10 will be removed...


God, if it's not one thing it's another.


But...because we're good guys, we're giving you a chance to save your 
planet.  Stop John Whorfin before sunrise! If you fail we will be 
forced to help you destroy yourselves.  End of discussion.


There's an awful pause...and then a SCREECH as John Emdall spirals 
downward into the grooves of the record again.



She gotta be kiddin', right? Vaporize the whole damn planet--?


You wanna take the chance, Casper?


Not me. No way.


Rawhide, go find out how Professor Hikita's coming with that formula.  
Mrs. Johnson, take Casper and Scooter, gas up the Jet Car.


Wow, you know it!

Buckaroo heading for the door...


Where're you goin'?


To get my guns.


His guns?  Holy shit.



...Professor Hikita and his assistant leaning over the electron tube 
apparatus, removing a rubber stopper from one of the receptacles, in 
the process GETTING AN ACCIDENTAL WHIFF of that BIZARRE GLOWING GREEN 
COMPOUND...Professor Hikita and assistant letting out gasps, seeing a 
sight that nearly stops their hearts...






Professor Hikita, petrified, stepping back, grabbing the OSCILLATION 
OVERTHRUSTER and knocking over a chair, as THE ALIEN CREATURE smashes 
the window!



Rawhide, hearing screams from the Professor's laboratory, races down 
the corridor, gun drawn...



Buckaroo coming into his bedroom, opening a dresser drawer when 
suddenly...A NOISE BEHIND HIM!  Buckaroo whirling instinctively with 
twin EBONY HANDLED COLTS a fraction of a second from firing...at PENNY!

...the latter poking her head out of Buckaroo's closet just long enough 
to see him aim his silver pistols, jumping back into the closet, 
slamming the door...an exasperated Buckaroo stepping over to the 
closet, finding it locked...knocking...


Open up or I'll shoot it off.


I'll shoot yours off if I had a gun, you double-dealing Casanova!  I 
thought you liked me for myself.  But why should you, huh?  A jerk like 
me.

Buckaroo understanding at last the reason for Penny's odd behavior, 
seeing THE PHOTOGRAPH on his bedstand of a younger, possibly not-yet-
so-world-famous Buckaroo Banzai in tuxedo...his pretty companion A DEAD 



Penny, look-


You look.  Who is she?


That's kinda complicated to get into right now because the world's 
maybe coming to an end and I can't stand here and talk to a closet 
door.


Yeah, whose world is coming to an end?  You only wanted me because I 
remind you of her.

Buckaroo fidgeting, precious seconds ticking away...


Penny, I was going to get into that, but I haven't had time...with 
arachtoids and all...but briefly she was your long lost twin sister, we 
got married, and that's about all I can say.  Right now.

Penny?

A silence from the other side, the closet door unlocking...slowly 
opening, revealing Penny standing in the middle of a pile of female 
clothing...


Married--?  So that's it!  Buckaroo Banzai, a married man.  Where is 
she?  With the kids some place?

Buckaroo turning...Penny eyeing him, penetrating his soul...


She must've been a bigger fool than me if she ran out on a guy like 
you...


She was killed, Penny.


Oh, my.


Don't go to pieces.  I haven't got time tonight.

A pregnant pause, the pain evident on Buckaroo's face as he turns back 
to the job at hand, picking up his holster and rummaging through the 
dresser drawer, fighting back the painful memories...


Looks like you're the one might go to pieces.


Where's my damn ammo?  Nothing is ever where it's supposed to be around 
here!


How did she die?  I wanna know.


You don't wanna know.


Yes, I do.  Gimme a chance.  I'm stronger than you think.


She was murdered by Hanoi Shan on our wedding night.


Hanoi Shan--?  The guy in your comic books.  Boss of the World Crime 
League?  Supreme Commander of the Legion of Death?  The Pivot of 
Mystery himself?  You're putting me on.  He's a cartoon character.


I wish he was.  He's real enough.

Penny having to sit down and think about this as Buckaroo straps on his 
guns...changes his torn and shredded jacket...Penny looking at a 
BUCKAROO BANZAI COMIC BOOK on the night stand...then at the framed 
photograph of Peggy...


God, she's so young and beautiful.  I don't remember her at all.  Which 
I guess is good, under the circumstances.  I bet you'll never forget 
her though.

One look at Buckaroo says it all...


Never.


I gotta be honest with myself and not repress these feelings-I've got 
mixed emotions-I don't know if I can handle this.  Oh, boy...


I gotta go.  We're on borrowed time.


Go where?  Where're you going?



Please, Penny.  You just gotta trust me now.  Okay?  And don't panic.  
Because it's gonna be all right.


What?  If we just believe in Buckaroo Banzai?


Yeah...and maybe more important, if you believe in yourself.


Believe in Penny Priddy?


Absolutely.

Penny looks into his eyes...


You've got your six guns strapped on.  You're ridding off on another 
adventure?  Oh, my God, it's all real...it really is real.  I should go 
with you.  Please...


It's too dangerous.


That's just what you would say.  This is so unreal.  I'm dreaming...

Starry-eyed, she leans forward to kiss him, Buckaroo about to oblige 
when their fingers touch, Penny getting a MILD ELECTRICAL SHOCK...

...the door suddenly opens and Perfect Tommy sticks his head in...




Buckaroo--! Sorry--


What is it, Tommy?


Sam's dead!  Someone broke into the Jet Car! And things are going 
haywire over at the lab...

Buckaroo running for the door, calling over his shoulder to Penny:


Stay here, I'll be back.


Sure.  I won't hold my breath.



Buckaroo, the Cavaliers, and the Lindleys race out of the house toward 
the research building...



Penny hurriedly changes clothes...puts on Peggy's clothes...when 
suddenly THE SIGHT OF JOHN O'CONNOR standing in the hallway door, 
leering at her...


Whadda you want?

John O'Connor, remembering her from the press conference...


Nothing right now, Penny Priddy.

John O'Connor vanishing...Penny again at a loss...



Buckaroo and the Cavaliers running inside, racing up a bright yellow 
staircase to the second floor...



Buckaroo and the Cavaliers entering, finding the motionless lab 
assistant in Professor Hikita's wrecked laboratory...


Dead.  Damnit!


Where's the professor?


Where's Rawhide?


Who'd do a thing like this?


Arachtoids.


Spread out. They can't be far.



SHOTS of Cavaliers in empty hallways, guns drawn, discovering evidence 
of intruders...OFFICES RANSACKED, FURNITURE UPSET...EXPERIMENTS FOULED 



...Buckaroo turning a corner, finding a SMALL AMOUNT OF SMOKE in the 
hallway...turning the corner...



...stepping into a LARGE ROOM clouded with SMOKE from a burning file 
cabinet, Rawhide and a HULDING FORM struggling in the gloom...

...Buckaroo unable to get a clear shot at the beast when suddenly 
Rawhide succeeds in knocking his adversary to the floor, the "man" 



Look out, Buckaroo!

Rawhide putting himself in the line of fire, suddenly clutching his 
lower back...Buckaroo starting toward Rawhide but...


Behind you!

Buckaroo turning as THE SHADOW OF THE ALIEN JOHN O'CONNOR falls on his 
back!

...Buckaroo firing his guns, wounding the creature, the disoriented 
FIGURE retreating out into the corridor as Buckaroo turns in time to 
see Rawhide's assailant dive into a hole in the floor!  A hole in the 
floor?


You okay?


Yeah. Just grazed me.  The Professor's under the floor too...with the 
Overthruster...

Buckaroo edging toward that strange orifice in the linoleum, going into 
it himself...



As Penny rushes in, her ears picking up weird noises...THE SOUND OF 
PEOPLE in the acoustical tiles overhead...Penny trying to follow the 
racket down the first-floor hallway...



Buckaroo in the dim light of the crawl space, making his way past air-
conditioning ducts toward the sound of someone or something crawling up 
ahead...


Professor--!?


Here, Buckaroo!

SOUNDS IN THE DARKNESS, Buckaroo holding his pistol still at the ready 
but useless in these cramped quarters...Buckaroo finding a worklight, 
flicking it on...



Penny meanwhile following the NOISES AND VOICES OVERHEAD into an empty 
office, grabbing a ladder and knocking out a ceiling panel...


Buckaroo!  Rawhide!  Reno?  Anybody?


ANOTHER POV...unfortunately someone else is watching Penny from inside 
that very office...the wounded John O'Connor sitting in a swivel desk 
chair behind the door, oozing blood of a strange color and consistency, 
staring ferociously at Penny...MORE CLATTER OVERHEAD...as Penny 
elevates herself partially into the hole...



PENNY'S POV...Professor Hikita only yards away, on his belly, able to 
come no further, unable to wedge himself beneath a large duct...the 
arachtoid John Bigbooté closing in behind the professor...Buckaroo 
closing in behind Bigbooté.


Take it, young lady!  Grab it!


Unseen by John Bigbooté, the OVERTHRUSTER skittering across the crawl 
space and into Penny's hands!



Penny stepping down off the chair and onto the desk top, her back still 
to the wounded John O'Connor as she quickly stuffs the OVERTHRUSTER 
into her purse...an action unseen by the ghastly, bleeding thug who...







Buckaroo advancing toward the professor...


Go back, Buckaroo!

The arachtoid John Bigbooté whirling, firing a STINGER that whizzes 
past Buckaroo's head, missing by inches...as Buckaroo FIRES 
twice...John Bigbooté screaming...kicking at a small fresh air vent, 
somehow squeezing his huge body out the tiny opening like a rat.



Buckaroo helping Professor Hikita up out of the floor...Rawhide lying 
very still now, surrounded by Reno, Perfect Tommy and New Jersey...

...one look between New Jersey and Buckaroo sufficient to tell us that 
Rawhide hasn't got a chance...Buckaroo kneeling beside his old pal, 
Rawhide forcing a smile...


You're a welcome sight...


Just 'grazed' you, huh?

New Jersey extracting a strange MANY-PRONGED STINGER from Rawhide's 
back.  Buckaroo looking at it...Rawhide maintaining a sense of humor...


Apache?


Arachtoid.


So I was right.  That's nice to know...

Across the room, Pinky Carruthers comes in with Casper and Scooter 
Lindley, and that black man from Planet 10, John Parker...


We found the guy, Rawhide, sucker dug a hole and tried to...

Pinky's words catching in his throat as he sees Rawhide's condition.


Buckaroo turning, seeing not a 'guy' but A GIANT ARACHTOID standing 
there...


Rawhide fading fast, Buckaroo lobbing the STINGER to "John Parker"...


Any antidote for these things?

John Parker holding the stinger in his palm...


No, none.

...as it suddenly comes alive!  He drops it to the floor, stomps it to 
death...


That mean you're on our side?



We gotta stop 'em, Buckaroo.

Buckaroo turning from the BLACK ARACHTOID to his dying buddy...


We will, old fried, we will.


Sure do pack a mean wallop...let's go...

BUT RAWHIDE CLOSING HIS EYES FOR THE FINAL TIME, as Buckaroo feels for 
a pulse...the look in the great man's eyes saying it all...sadness 
mixed with anger...


There's another one we owe 'em.




They're stealing my chopper!

The Cavaliers racing for the window...


And they got Penny!  Look!


Don't shoot!


She has the Overthruster!


Then your planet is doomed.


No!

We'll get it back.

Buckaroo shoving Perfect Tommy aside, at the window himself now.


BUCKAROO'S POV...a fleeting glimpse of THE STOLEN LINDLEY CHOPPER...



CLOSE ON the familiar face of the Secretary of Defense seen from an 
unusual angle...PULLING BACK TO REVEAL PRESIDENT WIDMARK lying on his 
belly, surrounded by the electronics of his temporary set of 
government, staring down at a special mirror that reflects his 
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary pressing a point further an 
igniting a Camel with a lighter from the President's nightstand.


It's not Buckaroo Banzai per se, Mr. President. It's his men...some of 
then foreigners...Asiatics, their names changed, their true backgrounds 
shrouded in secrecy! I mean, when you come right up against it, what do 
we really know about any of 'em?

A NURSE appears with two little pills...


These'll make you a tenny bit drowsy, Mr. President.


That's okay, Bonnie, I won't be operating any heavy machinery today.



We've never had a weapon like the Jet Car in the past, Mr. President.  
Light-weight, highly mobile, stick on some anti-tank missiles, a couple 
grenade launchers, hell, we could buy ourselves two hundred Jet Cars 
for the price of ten tanks, send 'em swarming all over Ivan like bumble 
bees, sir, right clear through their precious little Iron Curtain like 
it was Swiss cheese!  They gotta be just scared shitless!


As are all sane men today.


Hey, and me too.  That's why I'm saying until Buckaroo Banzai agrees to 
submit his boys to at least a routine government security check, that 
Jet Car should be in the hands of Defense, and if they won't sell us 
the technology, then Mr. President, by God, sir, we have got to take 
it!  In the national interest.

The lighter in the Secretary's hand suddenly BEEPING, startling him and 
prompting the President to claim the gizmo and point it at...


...an astounding TV-telephone where the FACE OF BUCKAROO BANZAI 



World Watch One.  Direct incoming transmission.


Hello, Mr. President.  How's my favorite patient?  Any tenderness?


That which does not kill us makes us stronger, Buckaroo.  What's it 
like out there in the real world?

Secretary of Defense McKinley stepping around behind the bed, coming 
into Buckaroo's field of vision...


Not too terrific, sir.  I apologize for the interruption but something 
very unusual has reared its ugly head in outer space, and it looks like 
the Earth's caught in a crossfire.


You're gonna have to repeat that, I think, Buckaroo.



On a highway somewhere near the Eastern seaboard, Buckaroo's bus speeds 
toward Yoyodyne...



Buckaroo standing at a TV-telephone in his MOBILE ELECTRONIC NERVE 
CENTER, the arachtoidal John Parker right at his side amid a flurry of 
activity... technicians accumulating INFO on THE ALIEN FATHER SHIP FROM 



To cut right to the bottom line on this, sir, we have reason to believe 
that there are moving freely among us, vicious red aliens disguised as 
the owners and operators of Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems.

...Perfect Tommy, Reno, even Casper Lindley, coming in and out of the 
picture, transforming themselves into a crack commando unit donning 
assault/chemical-warfare uniforms...little Scooter Lindley among them, 
too, doing like his dad.



Yoyodyne Propulsion?  The people working on our Truncheon bomber?  
Under control of alien nationals?  Reds?  Commies, you say?


...New Jersey studying an initial computer enhancement of THE AWESOME 




Not exactly, Mr. Secretary, no.  Real aliens.  Giant red arachtoids 
camouflaged as human beings...and what they're really building, forget 
your Truncheon bomber, Mr. Secretary, is this enormous rocketship to 
escape back through the Eighth Dimension and then on to Planet 10.


Now wait one second...


The gentleman standing here with me is called John Parker, and he can 
corroborate everything I've said because he's from Planet 10 too.



The President dumbfounded...John Parker on TV appearing as nothing more 
than a wild and wooly Rastafarian...


Buckaroo...you and I, we go back a long, long way together...but...



Time is short, Mr. President. To prevent John Whorfin's escape, my 
comrades are at this moment taking up a geostationary position over New 
Jersey. This situation is explosive!


Explosive? What are you saying, man? Some kind of race war in New 
Jersey--?


No, sir.  This 'man' as you call him, is not a human being, Mr. 
President.  He's a black arachtoid.


That's some kind of spider, isn't it?



New Jersey joins Professor Hikita at a microscope, analyzing a slide 
smeared with that weird alien 'blood'...


Buckaroo, my good friend...I'd like to help you...but don't you think I 
would've heard from my SAC radar by now if...




SAC wouldn't know what to look for, sir.  Because these black 
arachtoids are cleverly hidden inside a huge thundercloud.

The Secretary of Defense takes action, picks up a phone...


Get me John Bigboote at Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems, Inc.  Then...

...the FBI.  Let's see if this spade's wanted.  What the hell's his 
name again?  Jackson?


Parker.  I have delivered a hologram from my president, John Emdall, 
who has made it clear that unless John Whorfin is destroyed at once, 
she intends to fire an atomic beam from your American airspace...


...hit Smolensk and precipitate a thermonuclear war, Mr. President.


A what?


A thermonuclear holocaust, sir.  These creatures from Planet 10 are 
ready to exploit Soviet-American tensions and get us to blow each other 
off the face of the earth, sir, if necessary.


You're quite serious about this, aren't you, Buckaroo.  We know each 
other pretty well, I think.


John...?  John Bigboote?  Right, Bigbooté, sorry.  Anyway, hey, guy, 
how's everything over there at Yoyodyne?  How's my big bomber coming?  
Nothing out of the, you know, ordinary?  Spiders?  I know you're 
busy...lunch?  Sounds good...when's good for you?  Next Tuesday?  I'm 
writing it down in my book.  See you then...Uncle Sam's treat.

The Secretary writes nothing down, hangs up, looking unsatisfied with 
the conversation just concluded.



Buckaroo glancing over at Professor Hikita and New Jersey, the latter 
squinting into the microscope...


Well.  I don't know what to say, Buckaroo...aliens from Planet 10, 
nuclear extortion, spiders in thunder clouds, a girl named "John"...


There's your answer!  Electromagnetic bacterial crap!


Programmable!


We inhale the bacteria.  It swims to our cerebral cortex and reprograms 
our consciousness.  Diabolical.  We only see what they want us to see.


Electric brainwashing.

John Parker nearby, helping Reno synthesize more of Professor Hikita's 
ARACHTOIDAL ANTIDOTE and pour the liquid into GAS MASK FILTERS...

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE McKINLEY STEPPING CLOSER INTO THE PICTURE...


Just curious, Buckaroo, but where's the Jet Car at these days?


I've got it, Mr. Secretary.  But unfortunately the Oscillation 
Overthruster is in Penny Priddy's possession and she's been kidnapped 
and taken to Yoyodyne, further exacerbating the situation. We're on our 
way there right now.




Who the hell's Penny Priddy?

The Secretary of Defense giving the President a sly 'I told you so' 
look...



Perfect Tommy coming over, interrupting...


Buckaroo, John Parker has the arachtoid cloud on line 2!




Excuse me a moment, Mr. President.  We're talking to the cloud right 
now.

And his image fades.


Good God...

The President picks up the phone...


Well, if it wasn't Buckaroo Banzai, I'd say commit the man.


Get me SAC HQ: Omaha, NORAD, and the Strategic Space Command. I want 
some hard data on that cloud. We got any killer satellites over Jersey-




Everyone studying a much MORE DETAILED COMPUTER ENHANCEMENT of the 
alien cloud...

The Alien John Parker on the phone, whispering...	317


They're armed for bear, Buckaroo.  Check out those radiation levels.



John Parker, tell them we're doing our best.  Stall.



Buckaroo Banzai says patience is a virtue, Wing Commander, sir.

Perfect Tommy interrupting again, holding yet another telephone...


It's Whorfin, Buckaroo.  Line 3.


Whorfin?  Does he know we're coming?



Meanwhile in a grimy narrow control booth high above the factory floor, 
a terrified Penny Priddy sits BOUND and GAGGED, John O'Connor SPREADING 
THE CONTENTS FROM A HONEY-BEAR SQUEEZE BOTTLE over her naked arms while 
long trails of ORDINARY PICNIC ANTS make their way up her legs...John 
Bigbooté looking on...

Penny's UNOPENED big clear plastic purse on Doctor Lizardo's desk, the 
OVERTHRUSTER right under his nose and he doesn't even know it as he 
speaks into the phone handed to him by an ASSISTANT.  BEGIN 



Well, well...Dr. Banzai. Perhaps you don't remember me?  Ah, I'm 
flattered.  We know the same people.  In fact, one of them is here with 
me now...your associate, Doctor Penny Priddy.



"Doctor"--?



May I pass along my congratulations for your great achievement.  In the 
miserable annals of the Earth, you will be duly enshrined! However...

...Miss Priddy claims to be unable to solve my problem. And provide the 
crucial missing circuit for my Overthruster.  Perhaps you can convince 
her to try.

Lizardo holding the phone toward Penny, ripping her gag off...


I'm not worth it, Buckaroo! Forget me! 


Penny--?!  Are you all right?

Doctor Lizardo yanking the phone from Penny, remaining silent for a 
second to torture Buckaroo's soul...


She knows nothing, Lizardo.


Then shall we say "A Penny for your thoughts?" You can come in her 
place. Yoyodyne, Dr. Banzai. Come alone, with your Overthruster!

He'll bring it.  I know his type.

Penny glancing surreptitiously at her large transparent purse, THE 



Take her to the pit!  Use more honey.  Find out what she knows.

Smiling smugly, Lizardo heads for the door, Penny squirming in her seat 
as the TINY ANTS dig in...


Who are you?  Hanoi Shan?  The Scourge of Burma!  The Pivot of Mystery?  
Well, you're not destroying me like you did my sister!

Lizardo simply sneering at her as he goes out the door...



A flurry of well-ordered activity taking place...Hong Kong Cavaliers 
and Blue Shield Irregulars along with Pinky Carruthers.  Casper and 
Scooter...sitting up front like paratroopers, cleaning their back-pack 
FLAMETHROWERS...SAWED-OFF SHOTGUNS...Buckaroo giving them a chalk talk, 
an aerial photograph of Yoyodyne on the clear plexiglas 'blackboard'...


These antidote filters the Professor's whipped up will let you to see 
them like I have since yesterday, as arachtoidal creatures. They won't 
be pretty, nothing personal, John Parker.  But just remember...if we 
fail tonight, there's no tomorrow.


They will never surrender.  They will fight to the end.

Buckaroo nodding...THE CAVALIERS BREATING THEIR ANTIDOTE FILTERS, 

HORROR...Casper and Scooter Lindley especially unsettled...


I'm working under the assumption that Penny still has the Overthruster.  
That'll be my job: get it back in one piece.  Here's the main gate.  
I'll pass through first, alone.  The rest of you divide into two strike 
groups-Apache Team...that's you, Reno...and Chaparral Team, Perfect 
Tommy.  John Parker'll ride with Chaparral.

Perfect Tommy not too thrilled about that.


Top priority is the Overthruster. Whorfin can't escape without it. The 
built-in tracking device should make it relatively simple to 
locate...maybe hard to get.



Penny being dragged by John O'Connor through a slimy underground 
corridor, past a strange piece of machinery.



The President of the United States talks into a cigarette lighter and 
peeks up a nurse's skirt by means of his floor mirror...


MIRRORED POV:  The nurse's reflection replaced by that of his NATIONAL 




Buckaroo, come in...over.  How does this damn thing work?  Can anybody 
figure this lighter out?


No, sir.  I think the flint...


What's happening with my call to SAC?


Still no confirmation either from SAC or Strategic Space Command.  They 
report all surveillance satellite communication jammed.


Jammed--? By who? Whom by?


Possible atmospheric condition, sir...solar.  It's unusual, but no 
cause for alarm.  Intelligence reports the Soviets are having the same 
problem.


Should we be on Code Red?


We go to Code Red, the Russians go to Code Red...no sense jumping off 
half-cocked, Mr. President.

The President twisting around to glower at Catburd eating an orange, 
sitting near a table of flowers and fruit baskets.


I don't know...Buckaroo Banzai's never been wrong before.

Senator Cunningham pacing nervously...


The man went through solid matter, for crying out loud. Who knows what 
it did to his brain...maybe scrambled his molecules. All I'm saying is, 
let's not panic here!  I'm sure there's a rational explanation...



Russian radar is down, sir.  They've just gone to Code Red.

Silence.  And then calmly and quietly:


We've got no choice then.  Call my wife.

The National Security Advisor turning back to his telephone:


Code Red.  "Butch says we're crimson."


Mr. President, none of us here are lunatics or irrational men...

...or persons.  I'm a soldier and I'm a damn good one, enough 
decorations to snap a Christmas tree, but I don't mind telling you, I'm 
sure I speak for everyone in this room when I say I am scared. I'm 
barely holding my fudge right now.


Stop acting like a goddamn schoolgirl, General, and pull yourself 
together.


I'm glad someone has the balls to face facts!

Forget we're the good guys and we'd never attack first.  They think 
we're godless monsters just like them.  Put yourself in their 
samovars...sitting in the dark without radar, bells ringing all over 
the damn Kremlin, little men in fedora hats getting out of Zils, coming 
into the Great Hall of the People.  Now, do you think they're gonna 
listen to reason?  I'll give Buckaroo his Planet 10 space cloud, but do 
you think they will?



Soviet radar is down, sir, and so is ours.  We're both totally 
defenseless.  More or less.


Hail Mary.


So what's our counter option, General Catburd?  Earn your salary.


I guess we have to prick this boil and take the heat, sir.  Hit 'em 
primero...blast 'em off the face of the Earth before they lose their 
heads and do it to us first.


Larry, where's my Football?


Out in the hall, sir.



An apple-cheeked Marine Lieutenant sits watching a television soap 
opera, only the sinister BLACK BRIEFCASE chained to his wrist setting 
him apart from missions of other viewers...General Catburd sticking his 
head out of the President's room...


What're you waiting for, boy?  Get in here with that thing.

...as an out-of-breath Mrs. Johnson rounds the corner on rollerskates, 
out-foxing SECRET SERVICE AGENTS and the rest of the President's 
entourage, cutting through, clutching the YELLOW RECORD...


For the President!  From Buckaroo Banzai!



A dimly lighted parking lot not far from Yoyodyne.  A KOLODNY BROS. 
PLUMBING VAN arrives, disgorging several tough BLUE SHIELDS as Buckaroo 
and Professor Hikita confer...the alien John Parker doing some highly 
unusual warm-up exercises on the tarmac...Reno telling the arriving 
Blue Shields:


We're waiting for the Jet Car.  Billy's bringing it.


Asshole probably got lost.


Or nailed for speeding.


Can I have everyone's attention?  I'm not a rah-rah kinda guy, and I'm 
not much for speeches, but things could get rough out there tonight.  
It's a fight we didn't ask for, but it's a fight we're stuck with and 
we all saw what happened to Rawhide.  So if for any reason this is 
good-bye, I want you all to know that...well...that...you crazy lugs...

Buckaroo finding it difficult to put into words what they all mean to 
him, the Cavaliers smiling, needling him...


What, Buckaroo?  You trying to tell us something?

The JET CAR racing up, skidding to a stop, Billy jumping out, the big 
engine still running.


Let's just fry those arachtoids.

Buckaroo embracing Professor Hikita, turning back to his men, pulling 
on his helmet:


Give me thirty minutes.  Then come in and mop up.

Buckaroo tossing a quick Blue Shield salute, shutting himself into his 
speed machine.


PROF. HIKITA'S POV as Buckaroo blasts off...an exhaust trail of white 
smoke as he rockets up the highway!



Penny Priddy, more bedraggled and filthy than ever, being dragged by 
John O'Connor deeper into the bowels of Yoyodyne, down a flooded 
subterranean corridor...



CLOSE ON THE PRESIDENT'S FACE...JOHN EMDALL'S VOICE OVER...talking 
thermonuclear war...wrapping her speech up...WHOOSH!


Well... that's certainly food for thought.


Mrs. Johnson lifting the needle off the SMOKING RECORD...as the 
President's National Security Advisor places a call on that ominous 
STRANGE PHONE, a palpable tension rising, urgency bordering on panic...

...General Catburd and the young Marine lieutenant rummaging through a 
confusion of envelops in the BLACK BRIEFCASE.


No answer at the Kremlin, sir. Just dead silence.


Here you go, Mr. President...the Sealed Authenticators.  The Plan D 
Documents for your eyes only...John-Hancock these, and we got ourselves 
a knockout little force posture...


You know, on second thought, maybe we should think this through a bit 
more so that future generations of...

THE LIGHTS IN THE ROOM START TO BLINK ON AND OFF...silencing the 
Senator...Catburd handing the President a writing implement...pulling 
out a special writing tray from the bed...


"Name of the enemy"?  What, Planet 10?  My hand's shaking.  How on 
earth can I even...have to stay awake, alert...that's my job.  That's 
what the people put me here for.



Meanwhile inside the strange vaporous entity...BLACK CREATURES scuttle 
about their jobs in semi-darkness, monitoring the Earth below...


Where is Buckaroo Banzai?


John Parker tells us he's approaching Yoyodyne, Wing Commander, sir.


Keep me posted.



...as Buckaroo arrives in his JET CAR...RED ARACHTOID GUARDS unlocking 
the chain link barrier, swinging it open...



In the nerve center of Yoyodyne, a nervous John Bigbooté watches Dr. 
Lizardo addressing his ragtag followers on the floor below...Bigbooté 
with his hands on Lizardo's mike cord, trying to get up enough nerve to 
pull the plug on his boss...


Blacks are on this planet! Here in New Jersey! Coming to destroy us! We 
must move! Escape or die! 


OVER LIZARDO'S SHOULDER: A view down below on the littered floor of a 
huge aircraft factory that houses a GIANT SPOACESHIP OF BIZARRE DESIGN, 
a customized 747, wingless, jagged, the entire vehicle suspended twenty 
feet off the floor on movable cranes, work ladders stretching up to its 
several doors...


You must work faster to finish the Great Vehicle. So that we can enter 
the Eighth Dimension and free our trapped comrades! So we can return to 
our homeland and seize power once again! 

...Lizardo's followers extending their three-fingered hands in fascist 
salutes as he whips them into a feverish state:




Where are we going?  Tell me!


To Planet 10!


When?


Real soon!

Dr. Lizardo peers down at the hangar floor.


HIS POV of the JET CAR locked in the iron jaws of a GIGANTIC ROLLING 




The Jet Car's engine shut down, Buckaroo CHECKING HIS OVERTHRUSTER 
HOMING DEVICE as he's trundled toward John Gomez, in a graveyard of 
HUGE YELLOW SPIKES, his eyes taking in everything, from the last-minute 
preparation of the GIANT SPACECRAFT to:


BUCKAROO'S POV...the evil figures of Dr. Lizardo and John Bigbooté 
standing high in the speed operator's pulpit...


Buckaroo yanked out of the cockpit...John Gomez poking at the JET CAR'S 
dashboard, ripping out its cassette deck, finding the crucial 
Overthruster missing and shaking his head in Lizardo's direction.


Not here!



An angry John Bigbooté racing down the stairs toward the Jet Car...as 
over the PUBLIC ADDRESS BOOMS:







I thought you had it!

For that seemingly flippant but honest answer, Buckaroo gets punched by 
John Bigbooté...doubling him over...


Take him to the Shock Tower!



Murky, dank, an insect paradise...Buckaroo standing trapped inside an 
ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD...John Bigbooté looking on...

...Dr. Lizardo flashing two separate, incredibly complex ELECTRICAL 
DIAGRAMS on A MONITOR SCREEN in rapid-fire order.


Solve them! The shock tower is a lie detector. Any untruth triggers a 
brutal charge to your auditory meatus...


You're not getting a damn thing outta me until Penny's safe.


Curse you, Banzai! Don't you realize what you're saying? Your planet's 
about to be destroyed, and you're wasting time like this...


I've got nothing but time.








Sealed with a curse as sharp as a knife...doomed is your soul, and 
damned is your life!

Lizardo pressing a button, administering a second SHOCK to Buckaroo, 
while an aide turns a dial, INCREASING THE VOLTAGE


I want my missing circuit now!



A VIEW OVER THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE'S SHOULDER as the chopper 
descends, lands in a parking lot where Buckaroo's bus sits guarded by 
Cavaliers and Blue Shields...THE CAMERA FOLLOWING the Secretary right 
out into it all...A CARPET CLEANING VAN ARRIVING, THREE MORE TOUGH BLUE 



Who the hell are those guys?  Where's Buckaroo?



Buckaroo still held in his electric straitjacket...Lizardo nodding to 
the ARACHTOID in charge of a bank of glowing closed circuit TV 
sets...the same picture popping onto every set:  PENNY HANGING IN "THE 



You bloody--!


She'll live...for a while, and she won't enjoy it.

Lizardo indicates his favorite monitor...the INCOMPLETE OVERTHRUSTER 
equation flashing across its face.


Only you can save her from the fate of your friend, Mr. Rawhide!  Solve 
this equation.  I must have the crucial missing circuit.

CLOSE ON THE MONITOR...a riot of circuits and junctions...	348




The missing circuit's in your head, Whorfin.


Whorfin?  How do you know that's my real name?


John Emdall told me.

Buckaroo smiles at Lizardo's surprise, Lizardo signaling John Bigbooté 
who turns on the voltage, ZAPPING Buckaroo!



The Secretary of Defense pacing the aisle of the bus, looking at his 
watch while the Cavaliers and newly arrived Blue Shields conceal their 
eagerness for battle...checking watches, cleaning weapons.


Anybody got a report-anybody got anything?  Or are we still blacked 
out?

Perfect Tommy looking back into World Watch One...


Light precipitation.  Partly cloudy tomorrow.


This bus should be in the hands of Defense.

...Scooter Lindley, wearing a gas mask, approaches the alien John 
Parker with a BLUE SHIELD BALLPOINT PEN and a piece of paper...


Could I have your autograph, Mr. Parker?

John Parker at first not understanding the nature of the 
request...looking at the ball-point pen, Scooter flipping the point for 
him...


Say, "To my best friend Scooter..."


You got it.

...the Secretary of Defense, NERVOUSLY CRACKING HIS KNUCKLES...moving 
up the aisle, suddenly screaming:


What the hell are we doing?!  I don't believe this...what're we waiting 
for?  Christmas?



Ten minutes more.  Buckaroo's orders.


Damn Buckaroo!  I'm the eyes and ears of the President of these United 
States of America!  In loco presidentis!  Which means I'm in charge 
here!


Not on this bus, you're not.


Who the hell do you think you are?


Perfect Tommy.

That answer alone enough to drive the Secretary up the wall...


Well let me tell you something, Mr. Perfect Tommy: I don't need this 
shit.  I could be on Easy Street with a cushy job in the private 
sector.  But instead,  I got me a nine-hundred-million-dollar way-the-
hell-behind-schedule top-secret bomber being built down there by 
Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems and I don't intend to set twiddling thumbs 
in a bus while Buckaroo Banzai goes crashing around my airplane looking 
for his damn girlfriend, driving a car that itself is probably worth 
more to this country than all the tea in China!  I'm talking National 
Security risk and we are going in there like gentlemen and straighten 
this thing out before somebody gets hurt!  You got that?

...the Secretary suddenly grabbing a weapon from a surprised Blue 
Shield and turning it toward the driver...






Hit it, soldier boy!  Move this buggy!  That's a goddamn executive 
order!

With his weapon trained on the driver, who's to stop him?


Go ahead, Louie, do like the man says.



The double bus leaping forward, heading down the long approach road to 
Yoyodyne...past a BILLBOARD touting the aerospace achievements 
of...YOYODYNE-AN EXCITING, GROWING COMPANY...JUST ONE MILE 




The Cavaliers letting the Secretary of Defense call the shots for the 
moment, talking among themselves, Perfect Tommy squelching any notion 
of knocking off their hysterical hijacker:



Hey, so we get into action quicker this way.  We tell Buckaroo our 
watches were fast.

Ordinary citizen John Parker taking a step toward the Secretary, 
offering him a gas mask...the Secretary turning on him...


That's far enough, black boy...

A mystified John Parker stepping back.


ANGLE TOWARD WINDSHIELD...the Secretary peering through the windshield 
at the chain link gates coming into view...YOYODYNE-AN EQUAL 





I'll handle the negotiations here...

Slow her down.



The Secretary getting out, coming around to the REDHEADED YOYODYNE 
GUARDS who try to peer in through the bus' tinted windows...


You fellas got a phone?  Ring ahead and get me John Bigboote.  Tell 
him...


It's Bigbooté.


What? Hell, I'll do it yourself if I want it done right, huh?

The Secretary pushing the astonished guards aside and picking up the 
telephone, the guards trying to stop him and in the process turning 
their backs on the bus as it SILENTLY CRUISES PAST THE GATE INTO 




...the bus coming to a stop in a scrap metal dump inside the big 
compound, Cavaliers and Blue Shields piling out, going with their 
assigned groups...Perfect Tommy's Chaparral Team following John Parker 
toward a normal looking building...


Under here, I think.


Under where?  Hold on...

But John Parker entering a crawl space beneath the huge 
building...Chaparral Team having no choice, following.



The Secretary of Defense struggling with the guards for possession of 
the phone, drawing his stolen weapon...


Now you get this straight...you're up to your ass in alligators, and 
I'm here to drain the swamp.  So I'm gonna use this phone...because it 
is all over for you, Baby Blue...

This is the Secretary of Defense at the poorly guarded west gate.  I 
wanna speak to John Bigbooté, person to person.  Okay, okay...Bigbooté.



Reno's Apache Team , finds yet ANOTHER 
UNDERGROUND ENTRANCE to the main building, slips in...



Chaparral Team  in the strange 
labyrinth of dark, low-ceilinged passageways, making their way 
cautiously...


Hope you know where you're going, John Parker.  Because my nose is 
starting to whistle...

A FORM suddenly dropping from the ceiling, landing on Perfect Tommy, a 
fierce struggle in the darkness...John Parker to the rescue, garroting 
a RED ARACHTOID, Perfect Tommy helping himself up...


Thanks.


Don't mention it.


Then I won't.



...John Parker leading the way again, up some unusual stairs...into the 
MAIN BIVOUAC ROOM, RED ARACHTOIDS apparently asleep in bizarre tents, 
others hanging from the ceiling like sloths, A STRANGE HEAVY HUMMING 
NOISE starting to fill the room...


They sense us.  Hurry.

John Parker breaking into a run for the far end of the room, Perfect 
Tommy and the others following, John Parker hitting the door...and AN 
ALARM GOES OFF...Perfect Tommy opening fire at a HUGE GENERATOR...THE 




LIGHTS PULSING...ELECTIRICITY FAILING in the murky torture chamber 
giving Buckaroo just the change he needs to break free of the shock 
tower.


Stop him!  Get him!



Buckaroo ducking into a recessed doorway, taking cover against a wall 
wet with strange algae as various ARACHTOID GUARDS scramble past, ALARM 




Kill the girl! 

...Buckaroo losing sight of the swift arachtoid John Bigbooté, 
resorting instead to his ELECTRONIC TRACKING DEVICE while...



...Reno, New Jersey and Pinky Carruthers bring Apache Team down a 
flooded corridor, meeting some opposition.



Buckaroo spotting New Jersey in the confusion, the two of them tracking 
Penny electronically, descending concrete steps, moving down a dark 
corridor that we recognize...



The Secretary of Defense meanwhile reaching the big hangar, confused, 
alarmed, chaos everywhere, shouting over the din:


Bigboote!

...spotting John Bigbooté across the hangar floor, going after him, 
staring bug-eyed at the MONSTROUS-LOOKING SPACECRAFT suspended above 
the hangar floor...


What the hell...that ain't no Truncheon bomber, my friend.  I never 
approved that!



The Secretary following the speedy John Bigbooté around a bend, unable 
to keep up...


Bigboote!

Bigbooté giving no indication of seeing him, rounding a corner ducking 
into his office...

...the Secretary rounding the corner too but seeing no sign of 
Bigbooté...instead just an office door, a nameplate reading JOHN 
BIGBOOTÉ, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT...the Secretary of Defense opening 
the door...



...moving past a vacant receptionist's desk to John Bigbooté's 
cavernous, strangely furnished chamber...EMPTY.


Bigboote?!  You can run, but you can't hide.  I want some facts!

...but no sign of John Bigbooté.



Buckaroo and New Jersey still tracking Penny, moving through another 
flooded, slimy corridor we remember...



...the Secretary spying a phone on the receptionist's desk amid 
scattered Oreo cookies, picking the phone up, clicking it a couple of 
times to get a dial tone...totally ignoring AN AMAZING FRAMED PICTURE 




Operator...operator...how the hell does a person get an outside line 
around here?

...his gaze now focusing squarely on that cheap framed photograph of 
the RED ARACHTOIDS...Secretary McKinley losing his bearings...


Oh, Lord.  Never mind...forget it...

...his mind reeling, refusing to accept the obvious, the oddly designed 
furniture and chairs in the room, somehow insect-like...a sudden 
sound...a WOMAN'S SCREAM that seems to come from...underneath the 
floor?

...the Secretary cocking his weapon and stepping around the desk as an 
amazing thing occurs...A TRAPDOOR IN THE OFFICE FLOOR opening, the 
Secretary going to investigate, able to observe...


HIS POV of...John O'Connor coming up a ladder and, in the room below, a 
barely conscious Penny still in her private hell, trussed and taped, 
ANTS CRAWLING ON HER ARMS...the lurid specter of John Bigbooté staring 
at her...



PENNY'S CLEAR PLASTIC PURSE UNOPENED ON THE DESK BESIDE HER, as the 
Secretary of Defense suddenly knocks John O'Connor down the ladder and 
jumps into the room, injuring his ankle...


What the hell's is going on here, Bigboote? Where's my bomber? 


That's 'Bigbooté'.


I don't give a flying handshake what it is! Where's my bomber?


Let's just climb upstairs to my office and discuss this like two 
reasonable... 


Your private life's your own concern, pal.  Where the hell is my 
bomber?  Look at this place...where's your pride?  It's like a pigsty 
down here!


THE TELESCOPING ARM of John Bigbooté suddenly shooting out and lifting 
the Secretary off the floor, banging him into the wall...


It's not my goddamn planet!  Understand, monkey boy!? 

...BIZARRE LAMPS SWAYING as GUNFIRE upstairs prompts Bigbooté to 
release the Secretary, to urge O'Connor to head for a door off the 
hallway...


But John Whorfin said kill her. 


Damn John Whorfin--! 



Bigbooté and O'Connor emerging in the hallway...seen by Buckaroo Banzai 
and New Jersey as RED ARACHTOIDS...


Look out, Buckaroo Banzai!

Buckaroo turning and just in time, the alien JOHN GOMEZ right behind 
him...and behind Gomez, John Parker and Perfect Tommy with flame 
throwers...

...Buckaroo and New Jersey hitting the deck as the RED ARACHTOID gets 
smoked, the aliens John Bigbooté and John O'Connor escaping in the 
confusion...



The Secretary of Defense still on the floor, spotting the OVERTHRUSTER 
in Penny's purse, taking it just as Buckaroo and New Jersey rush into 
the room...lights swaying...shadows dancing...

...the Secretary struggling to his feet as Buckaroo cuts Penny 
down...spraying her with a white insecticide, New Jersey checking her 
vital signs, Buckaroo shocking New Jersey accidentally with a jolt of 
STATIC ELECTRICITY, as the Secretary slips the OVERTHRUSTER under his 
coat...



It's not over yet...I'll bounce back...always have.  I'll come through 
this thing smelling like a goddamn rose-just watch me.

The Secretary limping out of the room...New Jersey trying to get 
penny's pulse while Buckaroo peels back her eyelids...


Leave her to me. You take care of business. 


Thanks.

Buckaroo looking at New Jersey, knowing he can trust him, rummaging 
through Penny's purse...no Overthruster...



Dr. Lizardo and the alien John O'Connor and the alien John Bigbooté 
seeing their deteriorating position OVER A CLOSED-CIRCUIT TV...VIDEO 



Sound the call to board ship!


Without the crucial missing circuit?  We'll never make it! 


They are only monkey boys!  We can still crush them here--! 

Lizardo picking up a primitive INCOMPLETE OVERTHRUSTER THE SIZE OF AN 



You heard my orders!  Activate the Special Horns!



Buckaroo joining the alien John Parker, the two of them tearing down 
one of the flooded passages...suddenly covering their ears from those 




Secretary of Defense McKinley makes his way through several RED 
ARACHTOIDS running in blind panic...SIRENS WAILING...


Coming through!  Clear it!



...the light of a new day starting to glow through grimy windows...as 
down on the floor, Dr. Lizardo is about to scale a spindly ladder into 
his BIG SUSPENDED SPACESHIP...Lizardo spotting Buckaroo, John Parker 
and Hong Kong Cavaliers entering this sacred space...


Massacre them! Without quarter! 

Dr. Lizardo pushing his own soldiers aside, scurrying into his 
SPACESHIP with John Bigbooté and John O'CONNOR.



no sooner inside than a cowardly order is issued to John O'Connor:


Close the doors! 



Meanwhile, the floor of the hangar...the alien John Parker using 
strange judo, the amazing Blue Shields fighting like Samurai, ducking 
STINGERS, FIREING into the enemy at point blank range...


BUCKAROO SEEING Dr. Lizardo's engine start up, CLOUDS OF BLACK SMOKE 
pouring from the exhaust pipes...


John Parker fighting his way toward the ship...


WHILE OVER YONDER the Secretary of Defense spots the JET CAR unattended 
amid that field of weird yellow totems...



John Parker reaching the BIG SPACESHIP to find Buckaroo already there, 
Buckaroo taking the lead up a tall ladder that seems to reach to a REAR 




Buckaroo settling into a weird little chair, John Parker at his side, 
facing the opposite direction in a love-seat arrangement...at a wall 
cluttered with confusing instruments and a framed photo of LIZARDO...NO 



What is this thing?  A fighter?


Don't look at me, Buckaroo Banzai.  I failed flight school.



John Bigbooté in the co-pilot's seat, as Doctor Lizardo attempts to 
connect his clumsy overthruster.


Overthruster in place. 


It won't work! It won't! 


Shut up, John Bigboote, you coward! 

John O'Connor pushing John Bigbooté aside as Lizardo hits another 
switch and for a fraction of a second ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE, A BLINDING 




The spacecraft lurches forward twelve feet!  Stops.




Again, John O'Connor!  Again!











They haven't got enough power.  They'll never penetrate!



Dr. Lizardo, a raging madman in the cockpit, using a RADIO MIKE:


Almost!  Almost!  Lower my vehicle onto the runway!


No!  Please!






We're going down!  Onto the runway!


The door's locked.



Meanwhile, unnoticed, Secretary of Defense John McKinley reaches the 
JET CAR, starts to climb in...


Another step, I'll drink your blood--!

The Secretary turning, not seeing anyone at first...then little Scooter 
Lindley with an M-14 trained on him...


Get 'em up!

Scooter means business...as he suddenly demonstrates, blowing away an 
oncoming ARACHTOID before turning the gun back on the Secretary, who 
raises his hands...


What's that?


Can opener...just a...

Scooter taking the CURIOUS OBJECT from his prisoner, not fooled for a 
second.



AWFUL THUMPING VIBRARIONS as John O'Connor hits the Overthruster switch 
again!







Dr. Lizardo and John O'Connor ecstatic...John Bigbooté terrified...



Buckaroo and John Parker rattling in their seats!  No escape...



The sudden "expulsion" by the wall of a TWEEDY, FLESHY OBJECT 
RESEMBLING A LUMP OF CLAY which rapidly begins to define itself as the 
real, 1938-MODEL BLACK-HAIRED DOCTOR LIZARDO, standing in total 
bewilderment, SEVERAL 15th CENTURY BUCCANEERS spit out next, equally 
disoriented...



The "other Lizardo"  meanwhile undergoing a painful reverse 
transformation: FROM OLD MAN BACK TO RED ARACHTOID!  HIS EYES 



Full speed ahead!


We haven't a chance.  Your Overthruster's for shit!  We'll all just...


One more word out of you, Bigboote...


Bigbooté.

WHORFIN'S ARM ELONGATING, FLASHING OUT, breaking John Bigbooté's neck!  
John O'Connor moving up a notch at Yoyodyne.



Buckaroo and John Parker picking up all of Whorfin's intraship 
communications...


Full speed ahead!  Battle stations!


THEIR POV OF THE HANGER AREA:  nightmarish excitement down below!  The 
floor rushing up as...



The BIG SPACESHIP makes violent contact with its runway, rocketing 
ahead!


THE COCKPIT POV AS THE SHIP RUSHES TOWARD THE WALL...the real Doctor 
Emillio Lizardo barely ducking out of the way!  Buccaneers scattering!



THE BIG SPACESHIP CRASHING THROUGH THE HANGAR WALL, clumsy, heavy...


REVERSE ANGLE...WHORFIN'S BIG SPACESHIP lifting off into the dark 
morning sky, taking Buckaroo and John Parker with it on its WOBBLY, 




The crew of BLACK ARACHTOIDS aboard the ethereal father ship also at 
their battle stations...


Banzai has failed!  John Whorfin is airborne!


but not in the Eighth Dimension.  Shouldn't we wait?  Maybe John 
Parker-


I have my order from John Emdall!  8000 miles.  Mark.  Activate 
particle beam.  Lock on Smolensk.



John Parker fiddling with a RADIO, homing in on the black ship's 
frequency, overhearing:


Particle beam activated...lock on Smolensk...one minute to rapid 
rupture...


Tell them to stop.  They're your friends!


I lack the authority, Buckaroo Banzai.


At least tell them I'm trying!  Tell 'em something--!

John Parker talking to the father ship as Buckaroo struggles to unlock 
the strange little saucer from Whorfin's big vehicle.



DEVICES outside holding the thermopod in place.


CLOSE ON DASHBOARD.  Buckaroo finally finding the proper release 
switch!



CLOSE ON the SUCTION BOLTS disengaging!  Freeing the small craft!



His vehicle falling sideways, John Parker trying to ignite its ENGINES!



In a free fall, the engines finally igniting and the thermopod 
rocketing upward!




Sir, a thermopod has peeled off from Whorfin's ship!


So what?  Big deal.  Stand by to incinerate Smolensk.



Buckaroo struggling to master the strange craft...


Does this thing have guns, John Parker?


Boy, I hope so, Buckaroo Banzai.

John Parker trying a likely button.







SPACESHIPS THUNDER over the lights of the awakening city below...





Twenty seconds to rapid rupture.  Two zero.  Prepare the heat shields!

Time running out...Buckaroo receiving fire from Whorfin's big 
spaceship, THE SMALL VEHICLE LURCHING...THE TWO VEHICLES ON A COLLISION 




The little ship dropping like a stone, barely avoiding a head-on with 
Whorfin and company!



Buckaroo unhappy with John Parker's marksmanship...their "love seat" 
rotating, reversing their functions...


Take the throttle, John Parker!



John Whorfin and John O'Connor scrambling into evasive action, but it's 
too late.



Buckaroo Banzai and John Parker diving toward them, their OVERTHRUSTER 




Whorfin shaking his RED FIST in defiance...


Banzai!  I'll see you in hell!



FLYING ON A COLLISION COURSE once again, THE OVERTHRUSTER BEAM FINALLY 
HITTING HOME AND THE BIG SPACESHIP DISINTEGRATING, VAPORIZING...John 
Whorfin and his ilk history...


REVERSE ANGLE ON John Parker...still on a collision course with the 



Pull up!  We did it!  Holy shit, we did it!  Pull up!


Now, Buckaroo Banzai?


Now!



As the Cavaliers and Blue Shields anxiously watch, THE SKY CRACKLES AND 





John Whorfin destroyed!


Deactivate particle beam!  Tracking zero zero zero!



The sun coming up...and as we wonder what terrible fate has befallen 
Buckaroo Banzai and John Parker...A TINY FIGURE APPEARS high in the 
clouds!  A BIZARRE PARACHUTE catching the wind, floating lazily to 
earth.


CLOSER SHOT: Buckaroo!  Safe and sound, looking up and SALUTING John 
Parker as the little THERMOPOD flip-flops, tumbles heavenward AT AN 
INCREDIBLE RATE OF SPEED...heading home.



Buckaroo touching down...Professor Hikita among the victorious Blue 
Shields scarcely able to believe his eyes as he spots...no, it can't 
be...rising from the debris...


Emilio!

Now it's the young Doctor Lizardo's turn to stare incredulously...


Toichi--?  I'll be damned.

The two scientists approaching one another...afraid to touch as if the 
other might prove a mirage...


RENO FINDING A CUTLASS ON THE GROUND...as Buckaroo, face blackened with 
soot, his clothing torn, hurries toward several Blue Shields (gas masks 
off) herding a half-dozen "HUMAN" PRISONERS while other Shields and 
Cavaliers share congratulatory handshakes...RED STINGERS still stuck in 
their bullet-proof vests...


All accounted for?  Where's Penny?


New Jersey brought her back to the bus through heavy fire.  Quite a guy 
if you want my opinion.

Perfect Tommy and Reno pacing Buckaroo...


Got a casualty list?


Just their side.  What're we gonna do with these people?  They're 
illegal aliens, the way I figure, been here forty years, you could 
throw the book at 'em...


And ask the American taxpayer to foot the bill?  No way.  Send 'em back 
to the Eighth Dimension as soon as we find the Overthruster.  It wasn't 
in Penny's purse...so if we have to run this joint upside down and 
inside out...

Perfect Tommy whistling...


Hey, Scooter Lindley, fall in!

Scooter's eyes lighting up as he runs over...


Is this what you're looking for, Buckaroo?

The Oscillation Overthruster, safe and sound.  Buckaroo amazed, 
receiving the precious object, giving Scooter a Blue Shield 
salute...the Secretary of Defense watching jealously from a short 
distance, his clothing disheveled...


Looks like one Junior Shield is in line for a ride in The Jet Car.


Wow, you know it!

I'll have to ask my dad.


Well, go ahead, what're you waiting for?

Scooter running off.


A dour-faced, shaken New Jersey appears in the doorway of the big bus, 
Buckaroo's smile immediately vanishing...


I did all I could.  I did my best...

Buckaroo racing past new Jersey and into the bus...



Buckaroo hurrying through the front section.



Buckaroo hurrying through the COMMUNICATIONS NERVE CENTER...


Buckaroo, Reno said check with you - something about "pirates"?  He 
mean the baseball team?

No response.


Buckaroo, the President's on line on.  Calling about is everything okay 
with the alien space cloud and Planet Ten...or should he just go ahead 
and destroy Russia...? 


Tell him yes on "1" and no on "2". 

Buckaroo going into his PRIVATE REAR SECTION of the bus...


Which was "yes"? Destroy Russia? Or "2"...?



Buckaroo reaching his private quarters, finding Penny on his cot, a 
sheet pulled over her face...ethereal morning light caressing her still 
body...

...Buckaroo distraught, pulling the sheet back to reveal Penny in final 
repose, speckled with dead ants, honey and powdery white insecticide... 
Buckaroo leaning toward her in wordless anguish.


His lips moving toward hers...when suddenly a SPARK LEAPS OUT, ARCING 



And she stirs...a faint nerve response, Buckaroo seizing her with both 
hands...SPARKS...


Penny!

...shaking her, exhorting her...


Open your eyes!  Look at me!  Penny!

...but nothing, no more signs of life...


...Buckaroo kissing her in despair, pressing his lips against her 
lips...the kiss of the century, A POWERFUL ELECTRIC JOLT!


...the fire of life as Penny opens her eyes, sees her haggard hero 
before her.


Buckaroo...you look awful.


And indeed they both do, but who cares?  ANOTHER GALVANIC KISS, 
CRACKLING GOOD as the tiny bedroom heats up and we do the decent 
thing...IRIS OUT...as CREDITS ROLL and the FANTASTIC VOICE OF Dr. 
Buckaroo Banzai serenades us home...

...the Hong Kong Cavaliers harmonizing like honey, the world once again 
a safe, snug harbor.



Buckaroo Banzai	Shooting Script - 3rd Draft	Page 98
Across The Eighth Dimension
