

 

                         
                               

                         


                                  Written by                         

                              Jonathan Hirschbein  
                         

                         



                          TEXT OVER BLACK: "Before all else, be armed"
                                                  - Niccolo Machiavelli






            A rusted Chevy El Camino drives against dissolving Louisiana
            landscapes - broad, barren, pounded by the rain.



            Occasional oncoming headlights illuminate the driver's face:
            Tense, course features, thick beard... He's BUD CARTER, 31.



            Bud pulls onto a dirt road, into a TRAILER PARK and stops.



            TITLE IN: Denham Springs, Louisiana. 1983.

            We're staring at three sacks of sample unmounted EMERALDS,
            set on a filthy counter.


                      Now these here are Brazilian, from Bahia.
                      Deep cuts. Damn good. These is India,
                      paler, but also good. And this is
                      Columbia. From them limestone caves up in
                      Muzo.

            WIDEN to reveal NADY GRACE, 35. A tattooed man with thinning
            hair, leading Bud through the sale...


                      Now them first two, you gonna get your
                      money's worth.
                          
                      This one here's more expensive, but
                      that's 'cause there ain't a nigger flaw
                      in one of 'em. They hard as steel and
                      emerald green as emerald green fuckin'
                      comes. Lookit that.


                      That's nice.


                      That's the real McCoy. That's what that
                      is.


                      Tell you what... Bag 'em all. The
                      market's got a hard-on for this shit.


                      I hear that.
                          
                      Jake, get on it.

            ACROSS THE ROOM are two other men -- JAKE and DOUG. Ex-cons
            at a table, riffing through Bud's cash.

            A CURTAIN YANKS BACK and RAY WHEELER, 29, enters. Dope-thin,
            bloodshot eyes. He looks at Bud. Bud looks at him... Ray
            clicks on the TV and opens a beer. 

            TV IN: Evening news. The storm outside alters the reception.


                      ...And today, thirty-one year old Gary
                      Plauche pleaded innocent by reason of
                      insanity, to charges of second-degree
                      murder in the slaying of accused sex
                      offender, Jeffrey Doucett.

            Bud watches Ray empty a gram of coke onto the bar. Using a
            credit card, Ray starts chopping lines. The SOUND continues
            throughout the scene... 


                      ...District Court Judge Frank Salia,
                      scheduled the trial one year to the day
                      after Doucett was first arrested.

            Grace hefts a lock box to the counter, removes a drawer of
            emeralds. Bud SEES packed carelessly underneath, uncut



                      What do you got there? Diamonds?


                      That's thirty grand. Out the door. You
                      interested?


                      Ain't got the scratch right now. But I am
                      interested.

            And the volume of the TV now becomes more apparent...


                      ...As a result of numerous threats made
                      weeks ago, tight security surrounded the
                      courthouse. However, missing from today's
                      hearing, was the arresting officer.

            Bud has been tuning out the TV distraction... until that last
            statement. He sneaks a look.


                      From East Baton Rouge Sheriff's office...

            A wave of static scrambles the picture. When it clears...


                      ...Police Lieutenant, Bud Carter.

            Bud is stunned. HIS OWN FACE APPEARS ON THE SCREEN. A younger
            photo of Bud, clean shaven - DRESSED IN POLICE UNIFORM.



            Rain pours. A beat-up PLUMBER'S VAN is parked in the distance.



            TV IN: Signal wavers. It's archive footage of Baton Rouge
            Airport. A prisoner, JEFFREY DOUCETT, escorted by police.


                      Doucett was being extradited to Baton
                      Rouge.

            Ray does a line of coke, keeps chopping. Watches the TV.

            Grace is bagging emeralds.

            Jake and Doug count cash.

            Bud keeps the TV in sight. Quick glances. Mind racing.

            TV IN: The procession moves past a row of pay phones. At one
            phone, a discreet figure, GARY PLAUCHE, turns...


                      The victim's father, Gary Plauche, stood
                      waiting at the terminal. As Doucett
                      walked by, Plauche turned, raised a
                      handgun...and fired.

            Bud's vision is suddenly obscured when Grace steps forward
            with the emeralds in a satchel.


                      Here you go. Fifteen three-karat blues.
                      Wholesale. Twenty large.

            Sudden GUNSHOTS and SCREAMS on the TV. Everyone turns...

            TV IN: Jeffrey Doucett lies dead as POLICE wrestle Gary
            Plauche to the ground amid chaos.


                      Lieutenant Carter was unavailable for
                      comment.

            TIGHT ON RAY'S EYES, intense, watching the footage. 

            As Bud stuffs the satchel in his coat, WE SEE what Ray
            sees...

            TV IN: Bud, POLICE BADGE AROUND HIS NECK, arresting Plauche.

            ON RAY, slow burn realization as he looks from the tv to Bud.
            And again. EYES LOCK, THEY BOTH KNOW.


                      Motherfucker, he's a cop.

            Bud yanks a .45.

            And everything happens at once.

            A SUDDEN GUNSHOT and Jake FIRES again.

            Wood splinters as Bud FIRES back.

            Jake is HIT in the throat. A SECOND SHOT in the forehead - he
            SLAMS against the window, cracking it...



            Among surveillance equipment, sits Bud's crew: TODD SHEPARD,
            DAVID MARANDINO and DALE COBB.

            Gunshots ECHO.


                      Fuck! Go! Go!

            Marandino, behind the wheel, SLAMS his foot on the gas.



            A SHOT ZIPS across Bud's back; he SPINS off the table.

            On his knees, Doug is firing a .32. BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM.

            Bud FIRES a burst through Doug's chest, dropping him.

            A HOLE EXPLODES beside Bud's head -- Grace FIRING a .45 -- as
            Ray SCREAMS and runs out the door.



            Marandino winds through gears, as Ray hits the yard
            running... 

            POV THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: Marandino swings the wheel hard,
            SLAMS INTO RAY -- launching him through trash bins, into the
            mud.

            Cobb jumps from the van and pounds Ray into handcuffs.
            Simultaneously, Shepard sprints for the trailer door...



            Grace explodes from the back door, bolting across the yard.



            Bud scrambles on the floor of the demolished trailer. .45
            held tight, he runs out after Grace.



            the chase rages. 



            as he jumps a link fence, lands and trips into a roll of
            chicken wire. His sleeve catches, rips as he pulls free...



            at a searing pace. He slips in the mud. Staggers up. SEES
            Grace disappear in the shadows.

            Grace throws himself against the side of a power unit. Eyes
            darting. Wheezing hard... Tries to slow his breath. Then
            turns the corner...

            GRACE'S POV: A SHOVEL swings from around the corner, WHAM!!!

            The blow sends Grace sailing back. He SLAMS on the ground,
            with a blood-covered broken face. As he tries to get up...

            Bud's gun is there. And like that, it stops.



            At a table, the METRO SQUAD: Bud, Shepard, Marandino, Cobb
            are drinking. A bartender  is wiping down glasses...


                      Think I broke a knuckle on that guy's
                      tooth.


                      He only had one tooth.


                      Well I got it, didn't I?


                          
                      Another round, Sherry.


                      Comin' up.

            Bud blows smoke, distant from the others.


                      Bud, we all supposed to be celebratin'.
                      'Been workin' this case for months. And
                      you ain't said shit.


                      They had a lot of weight. Too much.


                      It's a ring. Organized burglary. 


                      You saw them guys. You think that half
                      ass crew was organized?


                          
                      They shit their pants in unison.


                      What are you gettin' after, Bud?


                      You think it was someone else's score. 

            Sherry arrives with shots of whiskey, moves on.


                      I think its a part of somethin' bigger.

            Bud takes his shot.


                      Tomorrow morning we put our friends under
                      the lamp. If they know this "someone
                      else", we'll know him too.



            A dark, stone monolith off the 110 highway.



            Bud smokes, standing with Shepard in semi-darkness. They're
            looking through a two-way mirror into an INTERROGATION ROOM,
            where Cobb interviews Ray Wheeler.


                      I told you... I keep tellin' you... I
                      don't know nothin'. That's it.


                      That's not it. We've been here all
                      morning. We'll stay here all night.

            Bud paces to a neighboring INTERROGATION ROOM where Marandino
            is questioning Grace .


                      The stones you were fencin' belonged to
                      an Amsec wall safe in "Kay's Jewelers".
                      The rest from a vault in Bocage. Both
                      owners can verify their belongings, and
                      have. 
                          
                      Who you fencin' for?


                      Man, I ain't sayin' fuckin' shit.


                      Then your name's on a dozen other jobs,
                      just like it.


                      That's bullshit.


                      No, that's a promise.

            Bud, sipping coffee, paces back to Ray's interview...


                      We got a series of burglaries in the
                      area. All over the last six months. All
                      still open. You don't talk, it's on you.


                      Well I ain't got nothin' to do with that.


                      Any idea who does?


                      No! Okay? Fuck no.

            Bud sets down his coffee, calm.



            Marandino sits across from Grace, clearly frustrated.


                      ...Answer the question.


                          



            The door blasts open. Bud charges in, throws Grace against
            the wall, then slams his face onto the table, pushing down.


                      Try this. I know you're too fuckin' dumb
                      to be any more than a courier. I know
                      you're coverin' for someone else. NOW



                      I ain't a rat!




            Bud twists his broken nose. Grace SCREAMS.


                      Easy, Bud. Go easy.


                          


            Marandino puts a hand on Bud's shoulder; Bud shoves him off.




            Marandino locks it. Bud turns Grace's nose even harder,
            nearly rips it off his face.


                      I'll teach you what commitment is... I'll
                      throw you in an eight by nine and have
                      you fucked in the ass by every inmate in
                      the state of Louisiana-- AND THAT'S THE


            Grace, spitting blood now. Choking. Bud twists. Bone cracks.





                          
                      He's from Whiskey Bay--!






            Raining.

            An unmarked chevy is staked down the block from a tract home.


                      Jesse Wheeler. Thirty-one.



            Bud's in the front seat, looking through a file. Shepard at
            the wheel. Coffee cups and junk food litter the dash.


                      Two tours in 'Nam. '69 and '71. He's a
                      jump marine. Weapons trained, explosives.
                          
                      Seven and a half out of a twelve year
                      stint for federal robbery. Two in Angola.
                      A year in DeQuincy. Three in El Reno with
                      a transfer to Lewisburg. Then Marion with
                      a brief stopover in Leavenworth. Released
                      from Oxford, 1981.


                      Jacket's the size of the bible.

            Through the windshield, across the street, a tract home
            they're watching.


                      His stay at Marion, they kept him in "H"
                      block.


                      H block? That's home to forty top murder
                      one inmates...


                      Yeah, life sentences. Jesse only had
                      twelve years.

            Bud likes it.


                      He ain't just woodwork.


            Night passes and the dawn arrives...



            Front door opens and the shadowy figure of JESSE WHEELER,
            whose face we cannot see, emerges.


                          
                      Target's out.

            Jesse fires up his '74 battered green PICK-UP TRUCK. He backs
            from the driveway and proceeds down the street.


                          
                      Alright. Give him room.

            Bud's car starts and we move off with them...


                          
                      We're mobile.



            In the rain, Bud and Shepard tail Jesse from a distance.

            They pass an alley where a waiting BUICK falls in behind the
            Chevy; Marandino and Cobb are inside.



            We see the truck slowing, angling into a TEXACO STATION.


                      He's turnin' off.


                      Let's take him in the car.
                          
                      Wait'll he's stopped. Watch your
                      backgrounds.



            Jesse stops at a pump. Suddenly, Bud appears at the window
            and jams a SHOTGUN against Jesse's head.


                      Don't move. You motherfuck, I'll blow
                      your head clean off.

            Reflecting in the side-view: Bud's BADGE swings from his
            neck. Jesse's eyes resign to relief. Bud SEES this...


                      Shut the car off slowly.

            With several law enforcement shotguns now leveled at him from
            all directions, Jesse turns off his engine.





            Bud, Shepard, Cobb and Marandino, vests and shotguns, move in
            unison around the house.

            Bud and Cobb stay to the shadows, down a side yard...

            Shepard, Marandino reach the front door. Locked. A tv plays
            quietly inside. No one in the windows. 

            Shepard signals to Marandino...



            THE FRONT DOOR IS KICKED DOWN. Shepard and Marandino spill
            in, guns ready...




            A pregnant woman in the kitchen... LYNN WHEELER, 30s. She
            SCREAMS, curses. Hurling dirty dishes fly like frisbees. 











                          


            Lynn suddenly gasps agitatedly, sinks to the floor. A GUSH OF
            FLUID soaks through her dress. 


                      Help... My baby...my baby...

            Bud and Cobb enter from a back door, hurry towards Lynn. Bud
            lowers Lynn to the floor.


                          




            A door slams open to reveal...

            A NAZI IRON EAGLE BATTLE FLAG. Draped across the far wall.
            Windows taped over. Walls painted black.

            Military surplus on every shelf and surface. Helmets.
            Uniforms. Body armor. Bayonets.

            Bud in the doorway. Shepard joins him.


                      Toss everything.



            Several COPS ransack the house. Ripping open
            cabinets, drawers, tossing everything to the floor...



            Cobb flips a switch. A lamp illuminates a workbench.


                      Alright, I want everything seized!

            Cabinets, lockers and tool boxes slam open. Cops stop cold,
            blown away by what they see: GUNS. Everywhere.



            COP #1 feels behind a couch. He finds a .38, then a COLT .25
            below a chair cushion.



            COP #2 removes the toilet's basin cover. With a pen, he
            removes a dripping .357.



            Several STATE TROOPERS lead Jesse in, cuff him to a table.



            Floor peels back. Flashlights illuminate: AMMUNITION BOXES.
            ASSAULT RIFLES. GRENADES. BONDS and COUNTERFEIT PLATES.


                      Motherfucker's got a general store.



            Cops talk excitedly over one another. Shepard leans over a
            mounted A.C. He finds a string and very slowly pulls up a
            ziploc bag filled with DIAMONDS.


                      God damn...there's some weight.



            Bud takes a seat at the table...

            For the first time, we get a good look at Jesse Wheeler: Cold
            eyes. Handlebar mustache. Covered in tats. With a
            boilermaker's build, he looks what he is... DANGEROUS.


                      I'm Detective Lieutenant Bud Carter, of
                      the East Baton Rouge Parish Precinct.
                          
                      So how you like Baton Rouge?

            Jesse's stare drifts to Bud. It's deadly.

            Cabinets slam open and closed. Dishes hit the floor.


                      What happened to my wife?


                      Water broke. She's en route to the
                      hospital.

            COP #3 is searching the refrigerator. Jesse watches as if
            he's seen something we haven't... Cop #3 moves on...

            Jesse sees Bud's eyes. They connect with his own...

            Bud opens the fridge. He scans condiments then stops. From
            inside a bag of HOT DOG BUNS, several sealed VIALS.


                      This is new.

            Bud examines a vial's label: "CYANIDE."


                      What's the cyanide for, Jesse?


                      Extracting impurities.

            Bud, right with him, grins.


                      Impurities from what?

            Jesse, calm. Deadpan.


                      You're in a bad situation here, pal.


                      I'll make bond.

            Bud looks in Jesse's eyes and believes it.



            Shepard, searching the room. Drawers, cabinets. Then leans
            down to peer under the bed... 

            ...stops, stunned when he SEES: a row of live Goex charges in
            packing, boldly marked: EXPLOSIVES


                          




            MIKE BRADDOCK , Captain of Detectives, enters his
            office. Bud tows, carrying files.


                      What more do you want? You got a two time
                      felon on multiple counts. You got
                      robbery, B&amp;E, you got an all-you-can-eat
                      felony fuckin' possession. All on top of
                      an organized burglary ring.





            ON A CAMERA FLASH. Mug shots of Jesse's front and profile.


                      The man's in custody, Bud. Fucked for
                      life. It's finished.

            Jesse's inked fingers are rolled onto an exemplar sheet.




                      There's more, I know it.

            Bud slaps a file on Braddock's desk, to a crime scene photo:
            An Asian JUDGE sits dead in the front seat of his car.


                      Remember him? Ten months ago, a judge
                      gets popped with a .357. Well I got a
                      Ruger from Wheeler's toilet and rushed it
                      through ballistics.


                      And?


                      It's a solid match! Dead on. 


                      There's a dozen ways Wheeler could've got
                      that burner. It don't prove a thing. 


                          
                      A stack of bonds taken from the home of a
                      Baptist Minister... 

            The crime photo: A black MINISTER and wife shot in bed.


                      Murdered. He and his wife. Looked like a
                      robbery gone to shit then; I want it
                      opened back up.



            A nude Jesse steps before a DOCTOR and gets a cursory exam.


                      I still got tests pending. More guns.
                      More cases. This guy ain't crazy, Mike.
                      He's a ticket to somethin' big. Somethin'
                      happening now.



            Meanwhile...


                      So who's backin' him?


                      I don't know; I do know they'll post his
                      bond. That's why I need a price they
                      can't come up with overnight.

            Braddock listens. Bud keeps it on track...


                      I'm right about this, Mike.
                          
                      When a guy's lookin' at two hundred years
                      and he ain't upset... It's like when your
                      wife is accusing you of fuckin' the
                      neighbor, but she don't know you're
                      fuckin' her sister too. You're pretty
                      calm about it, right?

            Braddock smiles slightly.


                      It's 'cause we hit the wrong nerve. The
                      guns, the other shit, the time... He can
                      have that conversation. And he is. And he
                      ain't upset. He's makin' eye contact,
                      'cause we're fallin' short.
                          
                      This guy knows things. He knows where
                      bodies are.

            Braddock, thinks; Then--


                      I'll bounce it up to the D.A.

            Bud grins, SLAMS his hand on the desk.



            Two GUARDS escort Jesse. He's bound in chains, orange scrubs. 



            End of the hall. A BLACK PRISONER waits, arms slung over the
            crossbars with a cigarette. Jesse is brought forth.

            A Guard unlocks the cell. The Black Prisoner steps back,
            joining TWO OTHERS: All black, looming in the darkness.

            Jesse steps in. Guards unlock his shackles. Chains hit the
            floor. Behind him, the bars slam home.




                      My name is Jesse Wheeler... I'm now in
                      charge of this cell. Any y'all don't like
                      it, step your black ass forward, line up.

            A MOMENT. Cued by Jesse's challenge, each of the prisoners
            slowly rise, vehemently approaching...





            And the phone RINGS...


                          
                      Yeah... 


                      Bud? Charlie Bowers.

            WIDEN. Bud's house is sparsely furnished. Books on firearms
            and police work in stacks. As he reaches for a file...


                          
                      Charlie... You had an inmate in '75,
                      named Jesse Wheeler.





            CHARLIE BOWERS, on an official phone. At Jesse's name, he's



                      Charlie, you there?


                      What's your interest in this guy, Bud?


                      Well, we got him on weapons and burglary.
                      But I got a feelin' there's more.


                      Damn straight, a lot more. Race riots.
                      Smuggling. Extorting a guard. I had a few
                      run-ins with him myself.


                      What else?



            Bud lies in bed, wide awake. The PHONE CONVERSATION carries
            over...


                      You could say this is where he peaked.



            Coffee pours into a mug. Then a shot of Irish Whiskey.


                      He's a white supremacist. The worst kind,
                      if there is one.

            Bud, dressed now. The table is covered with various reports
            and photos from Jesse's file. BUD'S EYES guide us through...


                      Came in on armed robbery and assault...

            Bud picks up a photo: Jesse's Angola mug shot, age 23.


                      But word in the system said, he's a
                      contract killer for the Aryan
                      Brotherhood.

            Photos of Jesse's tattoos: SUN-WHEEL on the shoulder; HELL
            HOUNDS around the biceps, THOR'S ELAPID covering his back.


                      In here, the guy became an organizer...



            Bud's face goes in and out of light and shadow.


                      Controlling hits and movements inside the
                      system. Prison to prison. State to state.



            Bud is walking with MURPHY, captain of the guards...


                      Between the Aryan Brotherhood and Neo
                      Nazis, he unified the front...

            Bud and Murphy descend steps to a grim CORRIDOR.


                      All them prison gangs in the world...
                      Black Panthers, Mexican Mafia, forget it.
                      The AB is deadly as it gets. And Jesse
                      Wheeler was their ring leader.

            The PHONE CONVERSATION fades out... Presently:


                      So what the fuck happened?


                      Processing ain't open till morning. We
                      threw him in holding last night. 'Fore we
                      even turn around, it's like we're back in
                      the fuckin' Alamo.


                      He attack the guards?


                      Guards are fine. But he took on three
                      niggers like they stole from him.

            Murphy stops outside a solid steel door.


                      I'll tell you somethin', Bud. After it
                      happened, our block was the quietest it'd
                      ever been. Wish we had ten just like him.


                      Open the door.



            Bud enters. Murphy shuts the door and a series of locks BOLT.
            We're in a stone closet. No bed or sink. No light.


                      Heard you refused a public defender.

            Jesse's bruised face moves through shadow.


                      At the gas station...When you were
                      arrested, I put a gun to your head.   
                      You expected someone else.


                      You don't look like cops.


                      And your house? Guns. Mass supply tells
                      me, intent to sell. Cyanide in the
                      fridge, explosives...tells me you're
                      scared.

            Jesse's eyes emerge from the dark. Bud, looking right at him.


                      I know who you are.


                      If you knew that much, you wouldn't be in
                      here alone.

            Bud smiles and walks to the door.


                      One more thing, pal. I saw the judge this
                      morning.
                          
                      There is no bond.

            HOLD on Jesse.

            Bud BANGS on the door. Locks UNLATCH. The door opens and Bud
            steps calmly out to the hall...

            The door shuts with a BOOM, locking Jesse in. And the nail in
            the coffin resonates.





            Dim and desolate.



            Grace buys a ticket, crosses the lobby to the men's room.



            Grace at the sink. He pats running water on his damaged face
            and straightens the bandage. 



            the stall door opens and a man emerges. Lean and fierce, like
            an electric charge... CATFISH STANTON, 30.

            Grace FREEZES at the sight of Catfish, tightening his belt.
            Lets the water run...


                      Grace? That you?


                      Hey there, Catfish...

            Catfish steps close, reaches a hand to Grace's face.


                      'The hell happened?

            Grace flinches. Catfish pauses, then SNIFFS his hand.


                          
                      Oh... Excuse me.

            Catfish steps to the sink. Begins washing his hands.


                      So where you off to?


                      Goin' to visit my mother. She's real
                      sick.


                      That's too bad. So you'll be gone a long
                      time then.


                      Yeah...

            Another MAN suddenly enters. Large and imposing, neck tattoos



                          
                      Buzz.

            Catfish turns off the water. THE BATHROOM IS SUFFOCATED WITH



                      What can I do y'all for?


                      How come the Wheeler brothers, is locked
                      up? And you ain't?


                      Wheeler brothers is locked up? I don't
                      know nothin' about that. 

            Catfish GRINS. It's harsh. Blood curdling.


                      I heard different.


                      Well there ain't no "different" to hear,
                      Catfish. 'Cause I ain't talked to neither
                      of 'em.


                      But you did talk to someone.

            Buzz moves. Grace turns to look...

            ...In a blink, Catfish's gun comes up: ONE QUICK POP. A .45
            with a thick, barrel silencer. The mirror shatters. Grace's
            knees hit the floor. His head hits the sink, HOLDS. As blood
            runs from one small hole.

            Catfish straightens up in the next mirror. Tucks his shirt.
            Grace's body sags to the floor. Catfish and Buzz walk out.



            LOUD BUZZER. Two GUARDS #1 and #2 march Jesse down the tier.
            On his left, PRISONERS in cells, TURN, STARE and WHISPER. 

            Jesse arrives at a cell.


                          
                      Open ninety-six!

            BARS slide back. Jesse walks in. His CELL-MATE steps
            cautiously from the shadows... 

            IT'S RAY. Pale and nervous. Jesse stands over him. The
            brothers' eyes connect. And there's a moment...





            High stone walls topped with concertina wire. Looming guard
            towers. Thick FOG blankets the yard filled with CONVICTS.

            Jesse takes hold of a metal bar, lifts it from a bench press.
            He does two reps. The weights BANG down and Jesse sits up.


                      This place is bad...

            Ray adds weight to the already excessive amount. He sweats as
            he talks nervously over Jesse's shoulder... 


                      There's eyes everywhere. Like I got a
                      sign on my back, Jesse, they all think I
                      talked.

            Jesse scans numerous WHITE CONS watching the Wheeler brothers.


                      Just the other day... some spic fish got
                      hit with a weight. Ten other cons, they
                      beat him and stabbed him till there
                      weren't nothin' left. And the guards let
                      it happen.

            Ray fastens the safety collars and Jesse leans back.


                      His brains were on the wall, Jesse. Like
                      somebody painted 'em.

            Jesse does another set. Weights BANG down. He slowly sits up.


                      They come at you?


                      Not yet... But it's in the mail. I can
                      feel it fuckin' coming.

            Ray shoots a look at a group of ARYAN BROTHERS across the
            yard. CZAPP, their "leader," and ROACH. Jesse turns. Czapp
            looks at him. Eyes meet. Jesse leans back.

            The press shakes as Jesse does a last set. His red strained
            face as the bar lands with a CRASH.




            A long line of prisoners are filing back through the gate.
            Ray, behind Jesse. Says low:


                      Hey, Jesse... 
                          
                      Sorry I put you back here. I never meant--


                          
                      "Sorry", Raymond...? You ain't sorry.
                          
                      I took you into my home. I tried to clean
                      you up. And you steal from me...? You
                      take my fuckin' diamonds? 
                          
                      'Cause of you, I missed the birth of my
                      son. 

            Ray swallows hard. Nothing he can say.



            CLOSE ON numerous files of ARYAN GANG MEMBERS. Arrest sheets,
            paperwork and photos.


                      Alright, let's work this...
                          
                      In prison, Wheeler is credited for the
                      expansion of the Brotherhood. When
                      Federal split up members, they had to
                      reorganize. So they tattooed their blood
                      types and serial numbers on one another.


                      Recede and multiply.


                      Exactly...

            REVEAL NOW Bud and Shepard with Cobb and Marandino around a
            table, used as a converted eating area. 


                      Put 'em in prison, they get stronger.
                      Everywhere you send one, they recruit in
                      numbers. Within five years, their numbers
                      were over ten thousand.


                      Wheeler directed all that, huh?

            Shepard is flipping through a worn, thick file.


                      What do you got there, Shep'?


                      Interpol wired us files on three known
                      Aryan leaders in the state of Louisiana:
                      Edgar Bingham. Harold Kay. And this
                      man... Lucian Adams.

            He opens the file, revealing mugshots of LUCIAN ADAMS, 51.
            Dark eyes. Sharp, gun metal features. 


                      High priest of the Aryan National Party.
                      His "ministry" of Christian Identity and
                      Paramilitary Order has stood for over a
                      decade. Check this out...

            Shepard pulls an old, faded surveillance photo: 
            Lucian talking to a young Jesse outside a compound.


                      Wheeler was just seventeen when he met
                      Lucian at the Patriotic Congress.


                      No shit.


                      Today, Lucian's one hell of an
                      entrepreneur. Owns surplus stores.
                      Demolition. A piping business. Got trucks
                      runnin' all across the God damn country.

            Bud's been quiet; says now:


                      Stay focused. Get back to Wheeler... I
                      need an angle.


                      For what? If Wheeler ever flipped, news
                      would spread like wildfire. The AB's
                      gonna know about it. They'd gonna know
                      about it nationally.
                          
                      Pass the sugar.

            Marandino does.


                      That's if he was a surface informant. I
                      don't want him to testify. I want to keep
                      him on the street.
                          
                      Look, this guy's been in it a long time.
                      He's up to his elbows; wants to shake his
                      hands free. I can feel it.


                      Braddock ain't gonna go for this.


                      I'll handle that.

            Everyone looks to Bud.


                      We got one chance here. 'Cause if this
                      falls short... Jesse Wheeler's worth more
                      dead than alive.



            A sea of tables divided by race as far as the eye can see.  

            Jesse and Ray, trays in hand, find an island of ARYAN
            PRISONERS. They quickly part to make room for Jesse to sit.

            Suddenly Czapp and Roach arrive with their trays and abruptly
            sit across from the Wheeler brothers.


                      How you doin', Ray?
                          
                      We was just over there wonderin' why you
                      ain't got the courtesy to introduce us to
                      your kin.


                      I was gonna.


                          
                      I'm sure you was.

            Czapp locks on Jesse, who calmly eats, not looking up.


                      Jesse Wheeler. Heard of you...


                      Fuckin-A, heard a lot.


                      Name's Czapp... You can call me,
                      "Bossman."
                          
                      I kept an eye on your brother the past
                      few days for you. Ain't that right, Ray?


                          
                      Yeah...


                      My brother ain't none of your business.


                      Ain't none of my business, "Bossman." And
                      everything in this fuckin' place is my
                      business.

            Ray nervously glances down at several Aryans watching...


                          
                      Listen to me, you sonofabitch. I'm gonna
                      make one God damn thing God damn clear.
                      Your reputation is smoke. Whatever they
                      say you is or once was, I don't give a
                      flyin' fuck. 'Cause it's my say-so now.
                      And your fuckin' brother's up for grabs.

            Czapp looks away from Jesse and shouts down the table:


                      Y'all got that?!

            Suddenly Jesse SPRINGS. A headbutt EXPLODES Czapp's nose and
            throws him back.

            Czapp's head hits linoleum, echoing with a CRACK!! He lies
            still. Bloodied and unconscious.


                          
                      Fuck...



            Jesse calmly resumes eating. Czapp's blood covers his face.

            SUDDENLY AN ALARM BLARES. GUARDS pour in, led by Murphy.

            INMATES HIT THE DECK, arms behind their heads. All except
            Jesse, who continues to eat.


                      WHEELER!!! Stand the fuck up! Hands
                      behind your head! 

            Jesse rises.


                      Hands behind your head! Get on the
                      fuckin' floor!

            Jesse puts his hands behind his head, but does not kneel.

            Restraints are slammed on Jesse's wrists. And we...





            The door unlocks and drags open. Jesse turns, blinking
            painfully into the light ...Sees an imposing DUTY GUARD.


                      Phone call.



            Jesse is led in. Duty Guard hits an extension button on a
            desk phone and offers the receiver...

            Jesse doesn't move.


                      It's a secure line.

            Duty Guard walks out. Alone now, Jesse picks up the line...


                          
                      Yeah.

            A low, whiskey voice is HEARD over the line: LUCIAN ADAMS.


                      Been a long time...

            Jesse shuts his eyes. There's a moment before he opens them.


                      Read about the arrest, Jesse. There's a
                      lot of heat on this one.


                      I don't want my brother touched.


                          
                      I ain't callin' about your brother. I'm
                      callin' about you...

            Jesse turns SLOW to find the Duty Guard watching him from the
            hall. Lights a cigarette, stares.


                      You should have come to me sooner, Jesse.
                      None of this would have happened.


                      I'm askin' you, Lucian. My brother ain't
                      a problem.


                      Your brother's a fuck up.

            And Jesse's quiet... Dead quiet...


                      And Jesse... We may know what you can do.
                      But you know what we can do. Understand?

            Jesse hesitates, then Lucian hangs up. DIAL TONE.



            Room strewn with piles of casework. Bud, agitated, paces.
            Braddock, behind a desk. 


                      You're reachin', Bud. The leverage ain't
                      there.


                      It's there. It's gotta cook a little
                      longer, that's all.


                      Jesse won't so much as blink at doin'
                      life. The fuckin' guy didn't rise in the
                      ranks 'cause he skirts under pressure.
                          
                      There's no deal to be had.


                      C'mon, Mike, you know what's goin' on.
                      Ray Wheeler compromised Jesse. By that,
                      he compromised the Brotherhood. Don't
                      tell me there ain't no fuckin' leverage.

            Bud pours himself a cup of coffee.


                      We need somethin' more.


                      Well we ain't sleepin' till we find it.



            Lynn, dark pouches under her eyes, goes through security
            check. INFANT SON in her arms.



            Wives, girlfriends and lawyers talk to prisoners.



            Lynn, dark pouches under her eyes, holding their son, across
            from Jesse...


                      Life. You know how fuckin' long that is,
                      Jesse?

            Lynn's hands are shaking.


                      So what am I supposed to do? Wait? Run?
                          
                      Your friends are comin' by the house.
                      Askin' questions, hangin' around. Waitin'
                      for the God damn phone to ring.

            Jesse is silent.


                      You said we were done with this. That
                      they were out of our lives.

            The baby begins to CRY.


                      We have no money, Jesse. Which means we
                      have no fucking food. ...Say something,
                      would you?


                      It's gonna be okay.


                      I'm afraid. I'm afraid for my life...

            The baby WAILING now.


                          
                      ...For our baby.

            TIGHT ON JESSE, for the first time, appearing powerless.

            As Lynn wipes tears, trembling in her seat, Jesse looks away
            from his son, and glances up...

            Behind a glass partition outlying the room, a MAN is watching
            them...

            BUD. Stark still. Fixing Jesse with a hard stare.



            A CLERK passes Lynn her belongings through chain link. She
            wipes her eyes, holding the baby.

            The back bay doors open. Bud enters. Sleepless, wrinkled
            clothes.


                      Lynn Wheeler. We haven't been properly
                      introduced. I'm Detective Bud Carter.


                      I know who you are.


                      You have a ride home?


                      We took the bus.

            Bud peels a few bills from a fold, puts it on the counter.


                      Take a cab.

            Bud lays his card atop the bills, looks at Lynn.


                      'You need anything...anything at all. Be
                      sure to call me.

            They look at each other. She pulls her baby close. There's an
            unspoken moment. And Bud walks away... 

            Lynn waits till Bud is out of view. Then takes the money. And
            the card.



            A Guard buzzes Jesse through.

            PRISONERS line the tier. Smoking cigarettes. Looking out.
            Jesse walks past, enters...



            ...where Ray sleeps in shadow on the bottom bunk.

            Jesse pulls a Polaroid from his pocket: His infant son. He
            gazes at the photo for a beat, then brings it to Ray...


                      Ray...

            No response. Jesse nudges his brother's shoulder. 


                      Raymond, take a look.

            Jesse rolls him over. Ray is limp. A filthy SYRINGE imbedded
            his arm. Jaw slack. Eyes wide and vacant.



            Jesse lowers, pulling Ray to his arms. He shuts his eyes.
            Teeth clench. And as Jesse feels the bile rising, his massive
            frame begins to shake... Then we realize, he's crying... 





            Pouring rain. Ray's corpse is loaded onto an ambulance.



            Jesse sits in shadow. Alone. And it's still...





            Jesse sleeps. Hand under the pillow. When there's a sound...

            His eyes SNAP OPEN to discover the silhouettes of SIX MEN,
            rushing into his cell...

            A LOADED SOCK swings out from Jesse's pillow, slams MAN #1 in
            the jaw with a CRACK!!

            On his feet, Jesse whips the sock around and whacks MAN #2's
            head against the concrete wall. He slumps down unconscious.

            A BLUNT OBJECT is rammed into Jesse's sternum. Another shot
            bangs his neck. The sock drops and a PADLOCK clatters out.

            With a final burst of energy, Jesse turns, SCREAMS and rushes
            MAN #3. Man #3 slams into the cell bars. CLANG!! Lights out.

            The remaining three Men attack. A series of blows rain down
            and Jesse sinks into their grip.



            More GUARDS pour in, led by Murphy. They yank Jesse from his
            cell and take him down the tier.

            Guards toss the cell in a thorough search. Mattress
            overturns. Shelves crash.



            PRISONERS move to their bars, SHOUTING and JEERING as Jesse
            is wrestled down the STAIRS to...



            Jesse thrashes violently as the Guards slam him through a
            door into...



            between cell blocks. The ROAR of prisoners recedes as Jesse's
            dragged into darkness getting darker.





            ...THERE'S A FLASH OF LIGHT. We're in a windowless room.

            And Bud pouring coffee for two...


                      Want a cup of coffee?

            Jesse is handcuffed to the table. Guards are breathing hard.


                      MOTHERFUCKER! This how you do things?


                      Yeah... When I want to talk to someone,
                      without giving the impression he's
                      cooperatin'.

            Jesse pauses, caught by Bud's tactics. The Guards file out
            and shut the door.

            Jesse's eyes are fierce and watching Bud's every movement as
            he hands him a coffee, then takes a seat...


                      You got a problem.


                      Yeah, what's that?


                      To start with, you're lookin' at two
                      hundred years.


                      I've done the time. I'll do it again.


                      I know you can do it. But can your
                      family?

            Jesse's face is tense. Unyielding.


                      Your brother's dead, Jesse. As we're
                      sittin' here now, he's on a slab at St.
                      Gabriel's Morgue. The coroner's callin'
                      it, "suicide". You and I both know that's
                      a load of shit.
                          
                      You do the time-- sure. And you never see
                      your kid. 'Cept in here. You can recruit
                      him. Your wife...plans...everything...
                      Gone.
                          
                      'Less you talk...to me.

            Jesse silent, a dark internal pause. He meets Bud's eyes
            across the table; then...


                      Do you hate?


                      What?

            Jesse's sudden directness has caught Bud off-guard.


                      Who do you hate the most? Blacks you
                      throw in prison?


                      ...I dislike what they represent in the
                      system. Not as a whole.

            And Jesse begins to consciously or unconsciously "preach."


                      And you believe that by overthrowin'
                      Aryan nationalism and integratin'
                      races...polluted creeds, with us...You
                      believe you're solvin' somethin'?


                      I believe we survive by integrating
                      safety. Understanding hate, and how to
                      stop it.


                      It ain't evil to fight it. It's evil to
                      tolerate it.
                          
                      Maybe you forget that, to justify what
                      you do for a living...


                      Are we still in prison, or we back at the
                      compound, havin' mass?


                      You don't get it.


                      No, don't dictate to me what put you in
                      here, or question my intentions with your
                      overcooked revolution!
                          
                      'Fact, I think you wanted out 'fore I
                      even got to you! That's why you distanced
                      yourself. That's why you're out there
                      crackin' safes. Lookin' to live a life
                      that ain't AB.


                      In who I am, there's pressure! I work for
                      you, I won't need a lawyer, I'll need a
                      priest! My outside finance is gone... My
                      wife and son, their heads wind up
                      somewhere their bodies ain't! So tell me,
                      why the fuck should I get involved with
                      you?!


                      How about personal warranty?


                      Warranty?!


                      Yeah, that's right! You've been a part of
                      the problem so long, you've forgotten
                      what the fuck that is!
                          
                      "Finance..." Your wife came here on a bus
                      to see you. I sent her home in a cab. Is
                      that your outside fuckin' finance?!

            Beat. Jesse, taken back.


                      Let me give you a little insight, pal. As
                      to what I know... And what you think you
                      know.

            Bud flips open a file and shoves a series of grainy B&amp;W
            SURVEILLANCE PHOTOS in front of Jesse.


                      This is today...

            Photo #1: Outside Jesse's House. A distressed Lynn and the
            baby being led into a car by Catfish.  


                      Is that your house? That's your wife,
                      right? Who's this guy?

            Photo #2: Tight-shot of Catfish.


                          
                      Know where he's takin' them? Takin' your
                      family? I got a pretty good fuckin' idea.

            Photo #3: An anonymous duplex. Catfish escorting Lynn and the
            baby inside, past several surly Aryans looking on.

            Jesse finally averts his eyes... 


                      Look at your wife, Jesse. Look at her
                      face. And your son. They look safe to
                      you?  
                          
                      I'm all you've got! I'm all your family's
                      got! And the longer you're in here,
                      they're up for grabs.  

            ON JESSE. The wheels turning. Burning. THE CAMERA MOVES IN...


                      So either you let that happen... Or I get
                      the judge to allow bond. This never sees
                      trial. And you work for me. 

            And that's where it hangs...




                      Jesse Wheeler. Please rise...





            Jesse rises, wearing a suit. JUDGE PONDER, at the bench,
            presides over this arraignment hearing:


                      You stand accused of forty counts of
                      burglary, twenty nine counts of felony
                      theft, possession of illegal firearms,
                      possession or dealing in unregistered
                      weapons, possession of a controlled
                      substance, manufacture and possession of
                      incendiary devices, and seventeen counts
                      of receiving stolen goods... How do you
                      plead?

            CUT TO DANIEL KIERSEY, 40s, sharp, confident, expensively
            dressed. Jesse's attorney, rising:


                      Not guilty, Your Honor.


                      Let's hear the arguments for bail.

            The DISTRICT ATTORNEY rises from his seat:


                      Your honor, this man is an habitual felon
                      as well as a flight risk. Our office has
                      overwhelming evidence that Mr. Wheeler is
                      not only guilty, but also a serious
                      threat to the community. The State
                      recommends that bail be denied.


                      Your honor, my client deserves a
                      reasonable bail. He has every intention
                      of appearing and answering to all these
                      false charges. In addition, he is the
                      sole provider for his wife and newborn
                      child, who would suffer undo hardship if
                      this man were incarcerated.

            CUT TO Judge Ponder:


                      Bond is set at one million.

            THE GAVEL BANGS DOWN. Kiersey shakes Jesse's hand. Smiles:


                      Congratulations.

            REVEAL BUD -- seated in back, watching the proceedings.





            Lynn, asleep in bed... 



            Jesse stands, holding his son, quietly comforting him. When
            Jesse turns, WE SEE a .45 tucked in his back.




                          
                      Yeah...

            STATIC; he listens, then:


                          
                      Okay.



            Jesse steps through his fence into deep WOODS, to find a CAR
            waiting idyll on a dirt road. 



            A HEAVY-SET MAN at the wheel. Jesse gets in as the headlights
            spin on and the car pulls away... 



            Dark. Eerie and desolate. The car arrives. Jesse steps out
            and disappears into the shadows of a towering crane.

            On the jetty, a nondescript MAN stands alone against the calm
            Mississippi. His back is to us. 

            Jesse approaches, stands quietly beside him.


                      How's your family?

            We realize now...It's Bud.


                      Let's get somethin' straight. I ain't
                      here 'cause I'm scared. I done what I
                      did, 'cause certain people crossed the
                      line. They didn't keep their word.


                      Well my word counts.

            They stand together, facing the liquid horizon...  


                      I want a body, Jesse.


                      How many you want?

            Bud finally looks at Jesse.



            A swamp area used as a mud retrieval source for the levy.
            Amite River. FOG OBSCURES NEARLY EVERYTHING.

            Jesse slowly emerges... Then Bud and Metro, on all sides, MAG-
            LIGHTS, FLAK JACKETS and SHOTGUNS. A DUFFEL BAG of SHOVELS.

            The sounds of the swamp are terrifying. Herons and bobcats.
            Boots hitting water. The buzz of a million mosquitos.

            SUDDENLY A RUSHING SOUND -- An ALLIGATOR shoves off the mire.


                      'The fuck is that?

            Cobb's light catches the tail whipping into the swamp.


                      Yard dog. Relax.


                      Where's this motherfucker taking us?

            Jesse suddenly STOPS. LISTENS. BREATHES. Bud and Metro stare.


                          
                      Dig here.

            Metro exchanges looks, ANXIOUS. Bud nods "okay".





            Metro engulfed in fog. Picks and shovels rise and fall.


                      Bud! We hit something!

            Bud excitedly descends the pit to scrape gravel from metal.


                      Clear it off! Come on, find the edges!

            Jesse watches as a pair of STEEL DRUMS emerge.



            The "cold room". Bud and Braddock watch as two PATHOLOGISTS
            hose down the drums. The stench is horrible.


                      How long they been down there?


                      Jesse tells me six months.


                      Six months? Bud, they're biodegraded by
                      now. Fuckin' worm food.


                      We'll get an ID. Remember, we got the guy
                      who put 'em there.

            BLOW TORCHES ROAR as Pathologists burn through the drums.

            Sparks fly. The lids CRASH. Swamp water floods out... And
            immersed within: two sore-covered, DECOMPOSING BODIES.

            The room recoils from the fumes.



            Lynn is putting dishes away. The baby nearby, sleeps quietly
            in a swing. Lynn gazes out the window...



            Jesse is under the hood of his truck, fixing the engine...
            When a '71 Mustang, white-on-white, roars up the street. 

            Jesse glances over as the car pulls alongside the driveway.  
            It's CATFISH, at the wheel. A wolfish grin.


                      'Bout time to get a new truck there,
                      Jesse.

            Jesse tightens a nut with a torque wrench, says nothing.


                      Good to see you out. A free man now.


                      What's goin' on, 'Fish?


                      On a Sunday drive, that's all. The good
                      Lord ridin' shotgun, through another
                      glorious Louisiana mornin'.

            Jesse EYES his .45 atop the engine block, within reach. 


                      Say, Jesse... Lucian's askin' about you.
                      Fact, a lot of people are.  

            Jesse stays on the engine, never turns around.


                      You tell him I'll come by.


                          
                      That's good. I'll see you real soon then.

            As Catfish drives away... We HEAR a series of photos being
            taken at high-speed. FREEZE FRAME to BLACK &amp; WHITE.

            PULL BACK to a distant CONSTRUCTION TRAILER. Bud with a long
            lens camera, triggers snapshots. 



            Greasy spoon, soul food joint. Trucker and labor patrons.

            Bud walks in, perplexed to find Braddock sitting with   
            MARTIN FITCH , Deputy Chief of Staff for US Attorney
            General. Pressed suit. Young face. Out of his element.


                      Hey, Mike.


                      Bud, this is Special Agent, Martin Fitch.
                      He's down from Washington. With the
                      Attorney General.


                      Martin. Just call me Martin.

            Fitch offers his hand, smiles. Bud shakes.


                      Martin's gonna be soliciting Jesse's case
                      for a Federal sponsor.


                      How long you been with the Attorney
                      General, Fitch?


                      Just over a year.

            Bud looks at Braddock.


                      I want to assure you my education and
                      experience is more than adequate to
                      handle a case of this potential.


                      Is that right...

            Fitch's smile drops as Bud stares him down.


                      Why don't we get to the particulars?


                      Right. Alright.
                          
                      To get Jesse a federal sponsor, we need
                      something substantial. A bait. In the
                      Justice Department, we have this mission
                      statement... We decide who the target is,
                      what's the threat assessment, the cost
                      value, over what time table it's gonna
                      take place... Which target do we go after
                      first. We don't want to miss a big target
                      hitting a smaller target, you understand?


                      No.


                      Well, exposing bodies has limitations.
                      Those people are dead. We can't retrieve
                      their lives.

            Bud blinks.


                      He means there might not be enough to
                      back Jesse.


                      Keep him on the street without
                      protection, he winds up dead.


                      What I'm saying is, we need fresh leads.
                      He'll need to present something that
                      separates him from those we're going to
                      arrest. If Jesse can't offer something
                      continuous... I'm afraid we can't be of
                      much help.

            Bud stares at Fitch. 

            A WAITRESS in her 50s approaches. 


                      Ready to order?


                          
                      Yes. I'll take a garden salad. Roquefort
                      on the side.


                      You'll take what?


                          
                      It's a dressing. 


                      Well...we got ranch, thousand island and
                      oil. Which one you want?

            Bud's chair SCRAPES back as he stands, stares hard at Fitch:


                      Lost my appetite.

            And walks out.



            Bud stalks out to his car. Braddock follows, agitated. They
            say nothing till they reach the car.


                      I set this up. Me and Jesse. If the Feds
                      want to help, that's fine. But not him.


                      What do you mean, "me and Jesse?" He's
                      not your partner, Bud. This case is
                      beyond our capacity. It requires
                      resources we don't have.

            Bud unlocks the car. They stand, talking across the roof.


                      They ain't takin' us serious, Mike. They
                      send us some kid with a year under his
                      belt?! He don't even know what state he's
                      in... You want him in charge?!


                      You're God damn right I do! You're out on
                      a limb on this already, Bud! It's my job
                      to make sure you get back!


                      This is bullshit.


                      That may be. What it ain't, is open for
                      discussion.

            Braddock walks away. Bud simmers a moment, gets in his car.



            A bare room; nothing to tell us where we are. Jesse's on a
            stool. He runs his fingers down his mustache, grits his teeth.


                      Y'all wanna talk about crime? Well I
                      could tell y'all things. Names.
                      Locations. What boat is movin' what
                      drugs, which one is guns. Who's gonna get
                      cut up and why. ...But what I got to know
                      is, if 'n when I do this... If I wear
                      your dog collar... Y'all gonna do what's
                      right by me and keep my head from gettin'
                      shot the fuck off? 'Cause the truth is,
                      you need me. You ain't got enough cops
                      with enough sense or enough time, to
                      clear them crimes that already been
                      committed and will be.
                          
                      Y'all need me... I got the devil's
                      address.

            REVERSE: We're in a HOTEL SUITE.

            Shades down. Full of AGENTS: FBI, ATF, DEA, SECRET SERVICE.
            Law enforcement everywhere. On the furniture, against the
            wall, sitting on the floor. Staring at Jesse in silence.

            Bud stands by the door with Braddock. And Fitch steps
            forward, laughs nervously...


                      Okay, great... Thanks. Thank you, Jesse,
                      for that. And thank you, everyone for
                      attending...
                          
                      Uh, we all know why we're here. To solve
                      a matter of custody--


                      We'll protect you and your family, Jesse.
                          
                      It's a federal matter, gentlemen. Those
                      bodies were transported over state lines.

            An ATF AGENT #1 imposes:


                      Not so fast. Ammunition, grenades? This
                      man's house was a factory, for Christ's
                      sake. ATF is taking this.


                      Those murders were drug related. DEA's
                      got to do follow ups.


                      He was printing counterfeit money. 
                      That's Secret Service.

            ARGUING ENSUES, Agents' voices step over one another. Fitch
            tries to take control. Jesse's been silent, until...


                      There's a hit list.

            Fitch hears this. He turns, loudly to the room...


                      Wait! Wait a minute, quiet! Everyone
                      quiet!

            And EVERYTHING stops. Fitch moves to Jesse:


                      A what?


                      A hit list. There's much as twelve. Might
                      be one or two less now, I ain't sure.
                      Some could've already been gotten.


                          
                      Now we're talkin'.

            FBI #2 approaches Jesse...


                      Why these twelve, Jesse?


                      Different reasons. It ain't so much why
                      or what they done that matters. Pick any
                      one of 'em off that list, AB puts you on
                      salary.

            Everyone is suddenly interested. Bud sees this.


                      And you, sir, if I ain't mistaken...
                      You're Mr. Nokes, right?

            Agents part, revealing JOHN NOKES, black, an emminent 
            figurehead in a plush suit. Surprised to be pointed out...


                      First U.S. Attorney, John Nokes?


                      That's right.


                      Well, last time I seen it...you was
                      number two on that list.

            It's quiet. Nokes thinks. Then LAUGHS and approaches Jesse.


                      Can you fill us in on the rest of those
                      names, Jesse?


                      Yes, I can. But there's something I gotta
                      make clear 'fore that happens.


                      What's that?


                      I've listened to you, Mr. Nokes. And I've
                      listened to these suits here, on who's
                      gonna take me in...
                          
                      I will die, go to hell and take all y'all
                      cocksuckers with me, if he--
                          
                      --tells me to.
                          
                      I want y'all to know that.

            Jesse is explosive under the low projection delivery and a
            CHILL falls over the room.


                          
                      How's that fly by you, Lieutenant?

            Bud simply nods.


                      I'll sponsor him. Jesse's welfare will
                      come out of our budget. Anyone has
                      pending cases or leads for Jesse, see me.
                      I'll loan him out.

            Jesse stares at Nokes. As the meeting settles back to a
            comfortable level...


                      And, Jesse... I'm a little pissed I'm
                      number two on that list. Who the fuck is
                      number one?

            The room erupts with LAUGHTER. Everyone except Bud and Jesse.





            Jesse's truck moves over an old wooden bridge through
            sweeping fields that stretch to a vast, wooded area.



            Jesse stops at a long drive protected by locked iron gates.

            A surveillance camera zooms in. Jesse looks up. A second
            camera pans on Jesse, staring...

            MOVE IN as crackling, electronic pixels FILL THE FRAME and... 





            A BANK OF MONITORS showing Jesse at the gates. A GUARD sits
            in shadow, hits a button: We see the gates unlock and open.



            pulls down the private road.

            Shafts of light mottle then burst, REVEALING an elegant


            Jesse parks -- walks up the porch, where Catfish is relaxing,
            shoulder holster, revolver. And Buzz, cleaning a pistol.


                      Jesse.

            Jesse nods, eyes Catfish.


                      I'm here to see Lucian.

            Catfish grinds out his cigarette, gets to his feet.


                      He's busy right now; You can come in and
                      wait.





            as Louis XIII pours to the rim. From elsewhere in the room:


                      This operation of your's has become big
                      business. You need relationships now more
                      than ever...

            THE VOICE belongs to RICHARD MORRIS, 40s. He sits in a
            leather chair, facing Lucian Adams, who's face we cannot see. 

            Seated next to Morris, is Daniel Kiersey.


                      ...We've done business successfully
                      before, Mr. Adams. But it's a larger
                      scope now. I'm here today because I want
                      to represent you exclusively. You need
                      someone lobbying at a state level, as
                      well as in Washington. My organization
                      can provide both. We've got contacts that
                      you don't have and other people can't
                      get. Now, I'm aware that you have
                      multiple businesses... However you need
                      one go-to guy, so that all your ventures
                      stay coordinated and all transactions and
                      contracts are realized. I am that person,
                      Mr. Adams. That's what I do.

            LUCIAN'S HAND lifts the cognac out of frame, drinks.


                      What's this going to cost us?


                      As a retainer, I want an advance of three
                      hundred-fifty thousand, along with ten
                      percent of whatever economic benefit I
                      bring to this organization.


                      Three-fifty? C'mon, Dick. That's out of
                      line.


                      If you want a quality global economic
                      plan, that's what you pay for-- 


                      We'll give you two, Mr. Morris...That's
                      what it's worth.

            Morris goes suddenly silent, looks across at Lucian.


                      The advance is a drop in the bucket. The
                      real money is the percentage. It's in
                      your interest to see it my way.

            Morris stares across the desk, several tense moments. Then:


                      You've got a deal.



            Morris emerges from the office. He glances at Jesse, then
            shrugs on his coat and leaves... 

            Jesse looks back at the office doorway. FOLLOW Jesse in...



            ...past Kiersey, behind a massive desk in this impeccable
            room, we finally SEE LUCIAN ADAMS.

            Jesse is not invited to sit.


                          
                      Give us a minute.

            Kiersey walks out and shuts the door... 



            he crosses slowly to a credenza, selects a clean shirt.


                      You have a son now, right?


                      Yeah...

            As he removes the shirt he's wearing, REVEAL tattoos: BLACK
            SUN on his back. GERMAN RUNES, SS BOLTS, HRUNGNIR'S HEART.
            And around his stomach, a belt of NORSE GODS with the words,
            "INVISIBLE EMPIRE." Prison tats, dark and aged.


                      What'd you name him?


                      I named him Ray.

            Lucian, no emotion, puts on a pressed dress shirt, fastens
            cuff-links.


                          
                      Heard the cops smacked you around inside.


                      'Wasn't too bad.

            Lucian checks his hair.


                      You've been a busy man, Jesse. More ways
                      than one.


                      Looks like you done just fine without me.
                      Business rollin' through the door.

            And Lucian finally turns; looks at Jesse, eyes measuring...


                      Last I saw you, you asked for time. Time
                      to raise a family.
                      Time to straighten things out. 
                          
                      I gave you that time... Then safe jobs
                      start poppin' up. Lafayette. New Orleans.
                      Clinton. Baton Rouge. All over. The boys,
                      they think it's niggers, gone widespread
                      on a hunt for pig's feet. But they all
                      professional. Burn jobs. Hot-weld oxygen.
                      Laid out, burned, laid back, perfect.
                          
                      I knew right then and there, only a white
                      respectable burglar could've done this.

            Jesse smiles slightly. They know each other well...

            ...When Lucian's smile suddenly drops. There's a flash of
            controlled anger across his face; and WE FEEL a curtain of
            tension fall heavily on the room.


                      Jesse... With all the work you been
                      doin': Diamonds. Emeralds. A dozen safe
                      jobs, behind my back...
                          
                      Where's the tribute to the greater cause?

            Jesse he pulls from his pocket, a tiny pouch. Sets it on the
            desk...

            He pours the contents into Lucian's palm: DIAMONDS and



                      Like I said, I just needed time.

            Lucian approaches the desk, opens the pouch: DIAMONDS and
            EMERALDS... A slow smile spreads across his face.


                      Well, even prophets stumble once in a
                      while.

            Lucian embraces Jesse. Tight. Then, softly in his ear:


                      It's a shame about your brother.

            As they part, their eyes meet. Something passes between
            them...



            Jesse at the wheel, glances nervously in the rearview. Lynn
            in the passenger seat, baby in her lap. They're driving under
            the cover of darkness... 


                      I don't understand. Why do we have to
                      leave the state? You're not tellin' me
                      something. You're not tellin' me a lot.


                      It ain't safe here no more. You wanted
                      out? This is out.





            Marandino looks through BINOCULARS: As an electric fence
            slides back. Jesse's truck approaches, drives through.



            A twin-engine PLANE idylls. Lines of blue lights, strobe like
            rivers, air traffic above... And Bud, leaning against a
            nearby car with Shepard and Cobb.

            Jesse helps Lynn and the baby from his truck. Together, they
            walk toward the plane...

            Bud, watching from a distance, nods to Lynn.



            Jesse and Lynn stare at each other. She's crying as he pulls
            her close, one arm around the baby. He says something to them
            we cannot hear...

            Then with the baby, Lynn boards her plane. An AGENT shuts the
            door. The engine SCREAMS to life, taking off...

            Jesse turns to shield his face. Lights STROBE and BLAST...
            Then, ABRUPT DARKNESS AND SILENCE... 



            now alone on the tarmac. Bud approaches; then...


                      Lucian took the stones. Talked about
                      jobs. High-end, boxcar.


                      Your family's safe now.
                          
                      Let's go to work.





            Several AB SOLDIERS stand watch as Jesse pushes a heavy, 10"
            drill through a jeweler's vault door... Jesse throws tumbler
            and relock mechanisms aside, reaches in... jewels, gems.



            Bud and Jesse parked next to each other, trading info.



            AB counterfeiting bills... Printing press and metal plates...
            Hands stain bills with coffee grounds and cigarettes, then
            industrial dryers... Jesse at a table behind tall stacks of
            cash, inspecting, approving...



            Bud with Jesse. Info, names and written amounts.

            INSERTS: HANDS file serial numbers off guns... HANDS building
            silencers... loading guns in suitcases below false bottoms...



            Jesse on the line... Bud on the other end, taking notes...



            AB Soldiers unload crates from trucks, "Chrysler Corp."...
            "Remington Firearms"... Antique furniture... Machinery...

            INSERT: A MONEY MACHINE counts large denominations of cash.



            Parked under the interstate. Bud looks over Jesse's info.



            A large fishing boat arrives. Numerous Fisherman load marlin
            onto refrigerated trucks... Catfish, Buzz, numerous AB start
            up the trucks... Jesse hands the Head Fisherman a canvas bag
            of cash... 

            PULL BACK to reveal Shepard, Cobb and Marandino on the roof
            of a neighboring port, snapping photos. Taking notes.



            Trucks arrive. AB bring the marlin inside... Atop a crate,
            Jesse slices a marlin open, revealing kilos of cocaine. More
            marlins are cut. More cocaine.



            Bud on the typewriter, hammering out Jesse's contacts and
            movements. Files piling on his desk.



            An organizational chart, as Bud pins AB mug shots, arrest
            sheets and surveillance photos wall to wall.

            Bud steps back, observes. His case building. Getting huge.





            Wood secluded. Lucian, Jesse and Kiersey sit around a table.


                      There's a variety of matters to discuss
                      today, gentlemen. Eddie Moran's trial
                      starts next week. One of the jurors
                      reached out. He's asking six thousand up
                      front plus a job at four hundred a week.
                      That guarantees a hung jury with a push
                      for an acquittal.  


                      Three hundred. Give him a no-show at the
                      trucking firm.


                          
                      Construction on the building Morris
                      brought us, in south-east Florida, is
                      complete. Every unit sold. We should see
                      revenues of one point four million over
                      our original projections. 

            Lucian lights a cigar, smoke curls from his lips.


                      Lastly, our "friends" from the Middle
                      East. They put a final offer on the
                      table. They'll fund our operation in
                      Louisiana if we agree to act on their
                      behalf. Political targets mostly, on the
                      basis of our approval...
                          
                      I advise we do a test case. Perhaps a
                      sample of their resources.


                      "Final offer?" Demands... 
                          
                      Close the deal. We'll cook the cash for
                      it. By the time they realize, we'll have
                      our return.
                          
                      You believe they're travelin' all the way
                      to Louisiana just to get fuckin' robbed?





            Jesse and Lucian walk together through green, expansive
            countryside. A pair of Arabian mares graze nearby.


                      I want you runnin' point on this one...  


                      I'll be honest, I was hopin' for
                      somethin' bigger.


                      What do you got in mind?


                      How 'bout a few of them heads off the
                      list?


                      We got guys for that now. Catfish, Buzz.
                      What do you want to go back to that for?


                      The money's worth twice this. Bring back
                      a head it's fifteen grand; Bring a heart,
                      it's thirty, right?

            Lucian looks at Jesse, who feels Lucian's scrutiny.


                      Tell you what. Do this other thing we got
                      lined up...
                          
                      Then I'll give you that taste.



            Dark, factory skyline. Burnt out cars sit before a WAREHOUSE.



            HEADQUARTERS for the Baton Rouge operation. A beehive of
            government activity. TECHNICIANS listen to tapes... PHONES
            ring off the hook... Bud and Fitch going over the case:


                      There's pressure from Washington. They
                      send compliments for Jesse's work. But
                      our primary concern is that list. I need
                      names we can protect.


                      We know that, Fitch. He's workin' on it.


                      If Jesse can just get a direct order...
                      from Lucian to him, on a wire--


                      --A wire?! He just went back to work, you
                      want him to wear a fuckin' wire?
                          
                      Put a tap on that God damn lawyer's
                      phone, that's what you should do.


                      He's an attorney, Carter. Anything we get
                      would be inadmissable.


                      It's information, Fitch. 

            Fitch, annoyed, but staying on track.


                      Bud. We need Jesse to engage Lucian on
                      the record. Otherwise it's just hearsay.
                      He's disconnected from everything, like a
                      ghost. 

            Bud, cooling his heels. As the phones RING and RING...



            A violent rainfall.

            AERIAL SHOT swooping along the HIGHWAY, then rising above the
            deep woods to reveal a TRUCK STOP ahead.



            Closed for construction. A VAN arrives. A blinking barricade
            is pulled back, allowing entrance...

            Generators light the scene: A group of SHIITE MUSLIMS wait by
            a pair of idle FREIGHT TRUCKS. A crew of five AB SOLDIERS
            exit the van: Jesse, Catfish and Buzz among them.





            The door to one Freight truck rolls to the top, revealing a
            converted ASSAULT WEAPONRY SHOWCASE.

            Below covered scaffolding, both crews stand. Guns bulge
            through their coats. No talking. No sudden movement. 

            Shiites watch Jesse and Catfish examine the merchandise: SEMI


            Everyone looks at each other. Jesse acknowledges worth.

            Catfish pulls a large CANVAS BAG from the van, filled with
            cash. As he carries it toward a bench, a large Shiite 
            reaches for the bag before Catfish can set it down... 

            ...Both men hold tight. Neither letting go. And there's a
            moment.


                          
                      Catfish.

            Catfish and Omar are eye-to-eye. Then, Catfish lets go with a
            smile:


                      Go 'head. Count it.

            The Shiite leader, NASEEM, sees the strife.


                      There a problem?


                      No problem. Money's all there.

            Omar hands the bag to Naseem. The count starts. Both crews
            watch closely...  

            ...All except Catfish, fixated on Omar, who stares back.


                      'The fuck you lookin' at...?

            The count stops. Naseem looks to Omar. Questions in Arabic go
            back and forth. The pressure getting to the group...


                          
                      Catfish, would you shut the fuck up? This
                      ain't the time.


                          
                      Yes, listen to your boss.


                      What?! What fuckin' "boss?" You best
                      watch your ass, sand nigger.  


                      Piece of shit--!

            Everyone reaches for their guns. Threats SHOUTED in Arabic
            and English.


                      Take it easy! Take it easy! 

            SUDDENLY ARC LIGHTS BEHIND A DISTANT BARRIER IGNITE, flooding
            the scene. Everyone turns.


                          


            Omar reaches for the bag of cash...

            BLAM! Catfish FIRES, point blank, shooting Omar in the face.

            And World War III erupts.

            AB's FIRE. Shiites RETURN FIRE. From several stakeout
            locations, ATF AGENTS deploy and OPEN FIRE.

            Jesse is grazed in the shoulder, slips, staggers-runs.

            SHIITE #1 FIRES THREE SHOT BURSTS at AB #1, who's blown
            apart. A generator and ATF #1 collapse.

            ATF #2 and #3 with pump shotguns OPEN UP on the AB's van.

            Naseem, over a Mercedes roof, FIRES A BURST at ATF, then
            swings onto AB #2 and FIRES, killing him. Naseem jumps into
            the Mercedes, yells at the DRIVER to go.

            Buzz RAPID FIRES, hits Shiite #1 in the back. Shiite #1 is
            spun around and Buzz shoots him in the head.

            Catfish FIRES into the lot... Hitting SHIITE #2.

            IN THE MERCEDES, Driver floors it. ATF re-emerges, kneels and
            PUMPS SHOTS into the Mercedes.

            Jesse has taken off, past the lumber storage. Catfish and
            Buzz follow, breaking for the Freight truck.

            IN THE MERCEDES, Driver is blown apart by ATF. The car
            CRASHES into a dumpster, knocking Naseem out.

            Jesse, Catfish and Buzz jump into the Freight. ATF FIRES.
            WINDOWS EXPLODE. SHIITE #3, trying to climb in is shot down.

            Jesse, behind the wheel... BURNS rubber pulling out of the
            stop, over and through a scaffold, collapsing it.

            The Freight truck draws everyone's FIRE. Jesse pilots it
            through the CHAOS. Scaffold DRAGGING behind. Sparks fly.

            JESSE'S POV: Where he's going. An opening in the
            construction, leads back to the HIGHWAY and ONCOMING TRAFFIC.

            ATF CARS speeds in, the opposite way...



            lock eyes. And the Freight makes the highway, scattering
            traffic, to the sound of ongoing GUNFIRE...





            The moon hangs low as Jesse parks the Freight truck among
            tall grass, where a vacant BREAD TRUCK is waiting.



            As Catfish exits the truck...

            ...Jesse takes Catfish's gun, grabs him by the neck and SLAMS
            him against the cab. FACE TO FACE.


                      You're a piece of work, Catfish.

            Buzz grabs at Jesse; Jesse HURLS him to the ground.


                      Them niggers crossed the line...I had to
                      burn 'em--


                      --You had to keep your mouth shut! On a
                      job, you don't do fuckin' shit 'less I
                      say!


                      'The fuck off me--!

            Jesse slams him back again. HOLDS his throat.


                          
                      Fuck me up again, you hear me? I'll leave
                      you where I find you. Got that?

            PAUSE. Catfish glares, then concedes. 


                      Unload the fuckin' truck.

            Jesse starts moving crates from the Freight onto the bread
            truck. Catfish and Buzz watch for a moment, then join.



            Televisions broadcast news coverage of the shoot-out. AGENTS
            work, uncomfortable, as Bud and Fitch argue. Explosive...


                      Keep your voice down! This was out of my
                      control!


                      I'm telling you, your agents best pull
                      their shit together! Who the hell y'all
                      trying to protect?!


                      Look, Carter. This is a joint task force
                      with multiple agendas, that run up the
                      chain of command through me. Intel came
                      forth at the eleventh hour that Naseem
                      Kazuri - an international arms dealer -
                      would be present at this meet. ATF was
                      tasked to observe and report. 


                      That ain't what they did--!


                      --No! Because your informant--


                      My informant, that's right!--


                      --Your informant and his psychopath crew
                      greased half our political interests --
                      over a bag of fake cash! You weren't
                      informed, so what?


                      Well I better be informed! 'Cause this
                      ain't fallin' short! Now, any of y'all
                      got a collaborative agenda in the works?
                      I want to see it. These other agencies,
                      what time-lines they lookin' at? What
                      deadlines and why?


                      Above your pay-grade--


                          
                      And is there a purposeful lack of
                      communication between competing agencies,
                      who are right now charting future
                      mistakes, as we fuckin' speak?!


                      That's not your concern, Carter!

            Braddock suddenly arrives, steps into the room...


                      We're not talkin' about me!!


                      Bud!


                          
                      What?!


                      You're over-involved here.

            And Bud's taken off stride. Braddock looks Bud right in the
            eyes, so there's no doubt...


                      I'll handle this.

            Bud, red with anger, walks out. 

            Braddock watches him go. Fitch comes over, relieved...


                      Thanks for coming down, Mike. He's been
                      berating my agents for the last hour.

            Braddock pours a cup of coffee.


                      We're trying to band-aid a situation
                      here, and frankly, Carter's preference
                      for thug tactics isn't helping. It'll all
                      be in my report...


                          
                      "Isn't helping?"

            A big mistake. Now Braddock turns on Fitch, zeroing in...


                      "Isn't helping?" Let's not miss what
                      happened here, Fitch. We work for the
                      same cause doesn't mean we work for you.
                      What are you gonna do now? Send Jesse
                      back out? Earn his trust? Bud Carter
                      delivered the biggest informant in the
                      history of this state to your lap, and
                      you and the people you work for are gonna
                      let it go to shit.
                          
                      You can expect that will be in my report.





            STEELWORKERS warped in heat waves swing ingots into troughs.
            The seven story furnace is deafening.



            Lucian is met by Kiersey. They walk together through glassed
            in hallways to a closed office door. 

            Lucian keys in, REVEALING a disheveled Morris seated in a
            chair with two large AB Soldiers on either side.



            Lucian shuts the door and sits before an ill at ease Morris.


                      Look. I had no previous knowledge of any
                      business with Muslims. So if stealing me
                      here in the middle of the night, is some
                      kind of accusation--


                      I'm not accusing you, Mr. Morris. But I
                      do find it interesting that right about
                      the time I employ you, my operation
                      starts having problems.


                      Yes, but--


                      That is interesting...isn't it?

            Morris swallows hard as Lucian stares intensely.


                      I want to know if this was an isolated
                      incident. If the ATF impeding on my work
                      is the result of a deeper threat.


                      What are you suggesting?


                      I'm suggesting you contact your friends
                      in Washington.


                      With all due respect, Mr. Adams, that's
                      not what I was retained for.


                      Well now it is.


                      That sort of information requires
                      clearance I don't have. If I start
                      sniffing around, people are going to ask
                      questions.


                      I'm asking questions, Mr. Morris. And I'm
                      getting impatient.

            Morris gets stone quiet. Lucian hands him a phone.


                      You don't leave here till I get answers.

            And like that, this conversation is over.





            Off a deserted street. A DENSE FOG resides, far as the eye
            can see. And Jesse, in a PHONE BOOTH, drops a dime and
            dials...


                          
                      Hello...


                      It's me.


                      You okay?
                          
                      Honey, you alright?


                      I'm okay. Just need to hear your voice.
                      How's little Ray...?


                      I'll put him on.

            SILENCE for a moment...then a quiet baby's voice. 


                      It's daddy on the phone, say hello.

            Emotion rises to Jesse's face. He holds it in, barely.



            a lone CAR is parked in the shadows, fog rolling past... 

            ...Jesse sees it, can't see who's inside it. 


                      Jesse?

            He hangs up. 

            A LONG MOMENT... Jesse stands there, watching the car... He
            slowly makes his way toward the back of the store, where his
            truck is parked. Pulse pounding, he tries the door...it's
            locked. Eyeing the car, he unlocks his truck.   

            THERE'S SUDDEN MOVEMENT. Jesse spins. And out of the darkness
            -- steps Bud -- ready to pounce... 


                      Where the hell you been?
                          
                      Two days missin', you broke protocol.
                      Three, and you're a flight risk.
                      Agents'll hunt your ass down.


                          
                      I can't keep doin' this. I can't fuckin'
                      breathe. Even the shadows got eyes.    


                      This is the job. If I don't hear from
                      you, I can't protect you.   


                          
                      Protect me?! I about got my head fuckin'
                      shot off, 'cause your guys was
                      "protecting" me!


                      Those ain't my guys!


                      I don't give a fuck-- I don't want your
                      protection! I want out!


                      There is no "out." Not for either of us.
                      Not till it's done...
                          
                      Get me that list.

            Jesse STARES -- a malevolence in his eyes that freezes Bud to
            the spot. Then, Jesse climbs in his truck and drives off.






            Bud pacing; Braddock sits at his desk.


                      I'm losin' him, Mike...


                      Just relax. We gotta let things settle,
                      that's all. 


                      It ain't gonna settle, it's gonna blow. I
                      can feel it.  


                      What do you want me to do?


                      Push 'em back. 


                      Who?


                      The Feds. All these suits, fuckin'
                      outsiders. Everyone. Get me some room.
                      Some time to reel this thing in. 


                      I'll talk to Nokes. 'See what I can do.





            Morris  sits across from Lucian.
            Kiersey at an adjacent table.


                      There's an investigation underway, funded
                      by the U.S. Attorney. And you're the
                      target.

            Morris opens his briefcase and hands over a pair of dossiers.


                      They're receiving assistance from both
                      the ATF and FBI, who are stationed right
                      here in Henderson.


                          
                      How long they been active?


                      My sources tell me three months.

            Lucian puts on his reading glasses, opens a dossier.


                      Three months...

            Lucian peruses surveillance photos: Images of AB activity
            goes by in a blur. Lucian's eyes absorbing, rigid, unerring. 


                          
                      This is U.S. Attorney John Nokes, at the
                      helm. He's been after us for years.


                      Who they got for a mouthpiece?


                      A "mouthpiece"?


                      Who's the rat in the woodpile? Who the
                      fuck's giving 'em information?


                      I couldn't dig that deep. But it's
                      someone close.
                          
                      I suggest you gentlemen disband.
                      Immediately.

            Kiersey, foraging through reports. Page after page. Each
            minutely detailed.


                      Lucian...


                      Yeah.


                      The investigation's local point is a
                      detective out of East Baton Rouge.
                          
                      His name's Bud Carter.

            ON LUCIAN. Thinking...Thinking...



            Jesse, alone in the dark, seated on the couch... There's a
            SOUND outside... 



            Jesse moves soundlessly through the house, gun ready, toward
            the back door.

            JESSE'S POV: as the door opens slow, HE/WE SEE ON THE PORCH: 



            seated comfortably in a chair... 


                      Couldn't sleep.

            Jesse looks to the darkness. Dogwood trees. Thick growth.



                      Got somethin' on your mind? 


                          
                      There's been an adjustment to the list,
                      Jesse...

            Jesse's silent. YOU CAN CUT THE TENSION WITH A KNIFE...


                      We got this...heathen. A whore of an
                      Irishman...down in Baton Rouge.
                      He's protected. Got a lot of guys around
                      him. That's why it pays. That's why
                      nobody wants the job... That's why we're
                      here talkin'.


                      Who is it?

            Lucian sets a photo on the table, face down with an address
            written on back. 

            Jesse flips over the photo: It's Bud, in uniform. 


                      This cop... he's got a mouthpiece...
                      somewhere. Ain't yet figured out who.
                      In the meantime, shut him down.

            ON JESSE, a frozen moment. He forces out the words:


                      It's done.

            With that, Lucian gets up and leaves, disappearing into
            darkness.





            Jesse climbs into his truck and pulls out to the street... 



            JESSE'S TRUCK heading up the INTERSTATE, crossing into EAST
            BATON ROUGE, then driving through dark RESIDENTIAL STREETS of
            Bud's neighborhood...



            He pulls to the curb, parks. Jesse racks a MOSSBERG SG, loads
            it with solid shot, then lays the gun on his lap. 

            THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: Bud's house in the distance.

            And Jesse sits there, several moments...WAITS...BREATHES...
            Then he exits the truck...



            Jesse moves -- fast, soundless -- toward the house. With his
            shotgun, scales the fence, as we--





            A VAN arrives, stops. No headlights, two hundred yards from
            the house. INSIDE THE VAN: Catfish and Buzz. Several AB
            SOLDIERS in back, armed to the teeth.


                      That's his truck.


                          
                      Let's see what he does.

            The motor ticks and ticks and...



            It's dark, quiet; but the muted glow of a tv in the living
            room. JESSE MOVES IN SHADOW, shotgun leading... He stops.




            ...Jesse moves toward it...



            Catfish, Buzz, the soldiers watching Bud's house intently.


                      The fuck's takin' so long? 
                          
                      I would've shot that pig dead already...
                      'made a pulled-pork sandwich.


                      Give him a minute. That's a cop, lives
                      there. 


                          
                      I'll give him two.

            Catfish, loading his gun, as--



            Through a window, WE SEE Bud washing dishes. Then, slipping




            watching him. Pulse pounding, his mind on overdrive, trying
            to untangle identity and consequence... Then...

            He taps the window, and Bud looks up...





            Bud opens it:


                      Jesse. 'The hell you doin' here?


                      You been made, Bud. We gotta skin out.





            Catfish, anxious now, racking his gun again and again.


                      Somethin's wrong... 


                      Relax, Catfish. You said two minutes.


                      Fuck you, man! This don't feel right.


                      Just give it a second. 
                          
                      A few more seconds, right guys?

            Catfish, breathing hard, bent on bloodshed...


                      Let's kill 'em both. Let's do it now,
                      right now, let's go--


                      Catfish--


                          




            Bud quickly dials the phone --


                          
                      Yeah.


                          
                      Hey. Meet me at the office in ten
                      minutes. Cobb and Marandino too.


                          
                      Why, what's up?


                          
                      I'll explain later. Just get there. Now.

            QUICK CUTS as Bud hangs up, shoves a .38 in his waistband.
            Slams a clip and holsters a 9MM.


                          
                      Let's hit it.

            Bud and Jesse start for the door...



            AB Soldiers loading their guns. 



            starts the engine; POV THRU THE WINDSHIELD: Jesse and Bud,
            leaving the house.


                      That's them! Together, you see?!


                      I see 'em--


                      You see?! They're fuckin' dead!



            Jesse hurries down the lawn. Bud to his Chevy.







            Jesse drops behind a neighbor's sedan.

            Bud dives behind the Chevy. ROUNDS SLAM through sheet metal,
            interior, and out the other end. 

            AB Soldiers exit the van, spread and keep FIRING. Jesse's
            sedan takes hits. WINDOWS AND TIRES EXPLODE. 

            Bud and Jesse aim over their roofs. Take and RETURN FIRE. 

            Catfish emerges, kneels and pumps SHOTS into Bud's Chevy.

            The WINDSHIELD is BLOWN APART -- Shattered glass covers Bud.





            Shepard at the wheel. We hear dispatch on the police scanner:


                          
                      All units: 10-17 in progress. 1825
                      Hyacinth. Multiple shots fired--


                      What the fuck?


                      --Units please respond...

            Shepard hits the BRAKES, peels a hard U-turn and SLAMS the
            gas toward Bud's house...





            Buzz rounds the van and OPENS FIRE.

            Jesse and Bud cover. Their eyes connect. Bud signals towards
            the house. Jesse nods...

            ...then lays cover fire with the Mossberg. AB #3 is spun and
            thrown. 

            Bud, under fire and firing back, races back into the house.

            Jesse keeps FIRING.



            Bud YANKS an M-16 from the closet and slams the door.



            Jesse, on his knees, pulls a secondary .45 from his waistband
            and fires over the hood of the sedan.




                          
                      Fuck!

            Jesse hits the dirt, WRIST PUMPING BLOOD.

            AB #4 and #5 move in for the kill, when out of nowhere --
            SHEPARD'S CAR SPEEDS ON SCENE -- His door kicks out; SHEPARD


            Buzz comes up from behind, aims -- BULLETS FLASH AND PUNCH




            Bud swings the M-16 through the glass and BLASTS AWAY,
            killing AB #4, as Jesse staggers toward the house, holding
            his wrist...

            ...and DIVES inside, then kicks the door shut.





            Catfish, Buzz and AB Soldiers flank the house.



            On the floor, Jesse rips out his belt, a tourniquet around
            the armpit. He holds it with his teeth and ties his arm.

            Bud reloads and slides Jesse a .357 Python. Jesse takes it up
            with his good hand.

            Suddenly in the darkness beyond, MUZZLE FLASHES DISCHARGE.
            THREE TRIPLE-AUGHT ROUNDS EXPLODE. Bud ducks, scrambles, as
            rounds splinter the wall. 

            A BACK KITCHEN DOOR is bashed open and AB #5 steps in,


            Bud lets fly -- FIRING. Big bore rounds punch through AB #5.
            His insides hit the wall. 





            A LONG-HAIRED AB on the lawn fires dozens of shots from an  


            Catfish and Bud exchange CROSSFIRE as...

            ...Buzz starts up the van and Catfish jumps in, followed by
            Long-Hair...



            Bud runs out to the street, M-16 FIRING at the fleeing van.

            Bullets shatter the back window as the van speeds around the
            corner through garbage cans and a residential fence...



            standing there. He turns, and STOPS when he SEES...



            inert, bullet-ridden.


                      Shepard!
                          
                      No...

            Bud holds his partner, horrified. Around them, bodies on the
            lawn. Disabled vehicles. Doom overlays the property.





            Pandemonium as the street is clogged with POLICE VEHICLES and
            MEDIC UNITS. Braddock arrives with Cobb and Marandino.

            Bud moves alongside a PARAMEDIC wheeling a gurneyed Jesse,
            with a pressure bandage and splint, onto an ambulance.


                          
                      We run 'em now, Mike. Right fuckin' now!


                          
                      What do you need?





            A huge BATTERING RAM knocks it right off the hinges. SWAT,
            Bud rush in with rifles...

            ...Room by room. Everyone clears. The house is empty.


                      Nothing.



            SWAT TEAMS have secured the premises. Two HELICOPTERS sweep
            the grounds via SPOTLIGHT. A manhunt for Lucian Adams.

            INSIDE, Cobb on his radio: 


                      No one here, Bud...



            Bud listens on his radios as SWAT OFFICERS file out of the
            vacant house.


                          
                      Empty. 

            Bud stands there, infuriated...





            Jesse, unconscious in bed, with IV lines re-infusing plasma.
            Bud is with a DOCTOR, who washes his hands in a sink...


                      His bleeding's under control. There's
                      tissue damage. Projectile fragmentation
                      in the right forearm. We have most of it
                      removed. Two fingers are gone. A portion
                      of the palm. There's no chance of
                      reconstruction.
                          
                      I'll be monitoring his vitals.

            Doctor walks away. Bud turns as a NURSE dims the lights and
            pulls the curtains, obscuring Jesse...



            Bud, absorbed, walks past crowded emergency room activity...



            Braddock is waiting. 


                          
                      You have to let go now.

            Bud says nothing.


                      It's over.


                      It's not.


                          
                      The cover's blown. Lucian's gone. There
                      ain't nothin' left on this one.

            Bud, hearing it. Feeling every bit of it.


                      Get to a safe-house, Bud. 
                          
                      'Squad car over there is your's.

            Braddock walks off. Bud watches him go.



            Bud drives in dark silence. As the hospital recedes, Bud
            pulls a flask from his coat, takes a drink...





            Sunlight rises through a gap in the dark sky. 



            SHEPARD'S FUNERAL. UNIFORMED POLICEMEN saluting as a PRIEST
            gives the eulogy. 



            at the gravesite, with Braddock, Cobb and Marandino. A salute
            is FIRED with rifles.



            Bud stands alone. Dry-eyed, vacant stare.





            Flashbulbs burst rapid-fire as coroner crews and police
            secure a crime scene: Richard Morris sits dead at the wheel
            of his car, a plastic bag over his head filled with blood.  

            IN THE FOREGROUND, lit by police lights, is Bud and Cobb.


                      ...His cranium was smashed with a lead
                      pipe. Then the plastic bag. He choked to
                      death while it filled up with blood.


                      Got I.D.?


                      'Name's Richard Morris. He's a top dog
                      lawyer-lobbyist out of Washington.

            Cobb proffers Morris' wallet. Bud sifts through cards --
            Several businesses, out of state -- Then stops cold at one:

            "Daniel J. Kiersey, Attorney at Law" 


                      Put a tap on that line.


                      Braddock ain't gonna like it.


                      Do it.

            Braddock arrives on scene. Disturbed expression:


                      Bud. I just got off with Nokes. 


                      And?


                      We got a problem.





            A PARTITIONER bandages Jesse's swollen and stitched hand. Two
            fingers and thumb remain.

            There's a KNOCK O.S.

            Jesse looks up to see Bud enter from the hallway.


                      Give us a minute, Doc.

            Partitioner exits. Jesse, raw nerves raked. Looks to Bud. 


                      Where you been?





            Lynn emerges from the grocery, looking sad and prematurely
            aged. Her baby in the cart, tucked between bags of food. 

            FBI #3  helps Lynn and the baby into an Unmarked Car.



            Lynn sits in back with the baby. Tom, at the wheel.


                      Anything else while we're out, Mrs.
                      Wheeler?


                      No thank you.

            THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: FLASHING CONSTRUCTION LIGHTS come
            into view. A DETOUR. And a team of LABORERS at work. 






                      There's a dozen cops comin' in and outta
                      this place. No one's sayin' shit. 'The
                      hell's goin' on?

            Bud stares intently, waits for his cue, can't find it...



            LABORER #1 steps INTO FRAME with a STOP SIGN.


                          
                      Wait here a moment, sir.

            A crane moves past, hoisting steel. Tom IDLES the engine.
            Then:


                          
                      Thanks for waiting. Go ahead.

            Tom drives onward, glancing in the REARVIEW: at Laborer #1
            watching them pull away, receding in the distance...




                      Get me out of here, Bud. I want to see my
                      family.

            Bud, the pit in his stomach widening, struggles to say:


                      There is no family.



            Tom - calm and alert - looks to his right - SEES a child's
            BICYCLE parked on the sidewalk. A BACKPACK affixed to the
            handlebars... 














            A CARGO VAN pulls up and parks. The Labor Team abandons it,
            dumping gloves and outer clothing into plastic bags,


            The bags go in the back of a waiting SUBURBAN. Catfish takes
            the wheel. The crew climbs in, drives away. 





            ON JESSE. Absorbing this. His face begins to tremble. Eyes
            press shut. They fill with moisture as he looks away.

            HOLD ON BUD. Quiet. Struggling to hide his own emotion. 


                      I'm sorry...

            And he walks out.



            MOVING WITH BUD, as he heads for the exit. Under harsh
            fluorescents...





            Pouring rain.

            It's a madhouse outside. A crowd is gathered around a police
            action in progress. MEDICS are tending to the broken nose of
            a bartender  in his 30s. METRO COP #1 stands by. 

            A car pulls up and Cobb gets out with Marandino. They
            approach the bartender.


                          
                      He's out of his mind. 'Asked him to slow
                      down; and he punched me in the face.

            Cobb and Marandino approach.


                          
                      Hey, Pete. You alright?


                      I'm alright. The bar ain't. 


                          
                      We'll smooth it out. Clear the street.

            Cobb and Marandino start toward the bar.



            The place is A MESS. Chairs broken, tables overturned. Music
            BLARES on the jukebox. And empty except Bud... three sheets
            to the wind, drunk. Pacing the ruins with his 9MM in hand...


                      Y'all fuck with me? Huh? You want to fuck
                      with me?

            Cobb and Marandino peer in the doorway to see Bud, shouting
            and threatening a vacant chair.


                      Jesus Christ.

            Bud flips another table. Continues talking to the chair as if
            someone were in it. 


                      'Look at me when I talk to you.
                          
                      You try and kill me? You like killin'
                      women and kids?

            Bud holsters his gun and beats the shit out of the chair.


                      Bud...

            Bud spins, glass-eyed and red-faced. His wavering vision can
            barely make out Cobb and Marandino approaching...


                      Easy, Bud... Easy...  


                      We got you here, Bud... It's just us.
                      Hear me?

            Bud stands his ground, tries to keep his balance...


                      Let's go home...

            There's a long moment. Bud stares at his crew, gone. Then
            he's suddenly overwhelmed with emotion...



            Two FBI AGENTS #4 and #5 walk together down this sterile
            corridor. They stop outside Jesse's closed door. A uniformed
            POLICE OFFICER is posted there, reading a newspaper. 


                      We're here to escort Mr. Wheeler.


                          
                      Sign this.

            FBI #4 signs the chart. The two agents enter...



            Jesse's bed is empty. The window open. Curtains billowing.


                      Check the bathroom.

            FBI #5 opens the bathroom door. Empty. Both Agents hurry to
            the window, SEE OUTSIDE: A large TREE six feet out from the
            ledge and a broken branch at street level. A seemingly
            impossible escape route.


                      Sonofabitch. This guy's crazy.



            A badly hung-over Bud sits with Braddock, Fitch and numerous
            agents around a conference table. 



            walks the room, says to all:


                      This is an atrocity, gentlemen.
                      Incompetence at it's highest level. I
                      gave you my name. My resources. My
                      trust...Carte blanche. And now this
                      handsome face of mine...can't step foot
                      in Washington, for fear of being laughed
                      off the Hill.

            Nokes circles behind Bud...


                      Now, I'd love to point to Local on this.
                      But truth is, they've carried their
                      weight. We are federally fucked... 
                          
                      Because Federal fucked up.

            Fitch wipes sweat, swallows hard.


                      So. Best idea wins, gentlemen. Chain of
                      command? Point of procedure? I don't give
                      a fuck. That's out the window, just like
                      our informant... 
                          
                      I want Jesse Wheeler found. 





            As everyone files out. Braddock says low to Bud:


                      You smell like a fuckin' distillery, Bud.
                      Clean up... 'find your boy.

            ON BUD. Tired eyes. Everything else, and now this...



            A metal door rises up. Jesse, in silhouette, steps in.

            A BARE BULB comes to light. Mottled with fly excrement.

            Jesse unlocks and opens several SAMSONITE SUITCASES. Stacked
            in grey packing foam are rows and rows of GUNS.

            Jesse hefts his choices. Checking line and breach: A 12 Gauge
            Shotgun. A Colt .357 Magnum. A Remington sawed-off with
            pistol grip. Les Baer Tactical .45. Glock Semi-auto 9MM. Buck
            Knife. Duct tape. 5-Gallon gas cans. He loads up a gym bag.

            Jesse pulls scissors from a grooming kit and stands before a
            grimy mirror. He cuts off his hair. Then using clippers,
            shaves his scalp and mustache. 

            Jesse yanks a tarp off a '75 beat-up Chrysler. Pops the
            trunk. Throws in the gym bag. Then drives away. 





            A lone, dilapidated HOUSE BOAT sits heavily in the bayou.
            Lights on inside. Dense FOG overlays.



            Long-Hair on the couch, watching tv, drinking liquor. SPEED
            METAL MUSIC blasts from a stereo somewhere.

            There's a METALLIC BANG O.S.

            Long-Hair looks up.

            The screen door rattles. Long-Hair grabs an aluminum bat,
            slowly approaching...


                      Who's there?

            Sudden surprise as the screen SNAPS OFF and a SILHOUETTE
            breaks the glass, opens it.


                      What the fuck?!

            Long-Hair RUSHES for the door as THE BUTT OF A 12-GAUGE SLAMS


            Long-Hair collapses with a shattered knee and muted scream.

            Jesse steps in, racking the gauge with one hand, takes aim on
            the helpless Long-Hair writhing on the floor.





            The front lights go out. A terrible darkness.



            A door flies open. Jesse, eyes darting, pushes Long-Hair in.
            Bandaged hand clamped to the collar. Shotgun at the neck.

            They move down a dark hallway. SPEED METAL throbs, growing
            LOUDER... Long-Hair, gash gushing, leg crunches with each
            step... They turn another hallway... Light spills from under
            a door, shadows behind it... Jesse edges Long-Hair forward,
            reaches the doorway, creeps through...



            The door swings wide on the room, REVEALING: Buzz, on the
            bed, furiously fucking a dark-haired HOOKER, over a bureau.

            As Long-Hair rounds the corner... Buzz looks up, SEES Jesse.
            Dives for a gun. CHROME FLASHES. Everything EXPLODES at once.   

            The WALL DETONATES and Buzz goes down. Shocked. Choking.
            Blood juts from his side. He tries to get up. Can't.

            The HOOKER SCREAMS and cowers terrified in the corner.

            Jesse pumps, aims through the haze and fires again. Stereo
            explodes. MUSIC CUTS OUT, plunging us into silence.

            Jesse tosses clothes to the Hooker.


                      Get out.

            The Hooker does.



            Two chairs. Buzz and Long-Hair back to back. Hands and feet
            tied. Blood spigoting. Jesse circles them with the shotgun.

            The boat rocks gently.


                      We got some shit to discuss.

            Buzz, to Jesse, unintimidated:


                      Ain't got nothin' to say to you, Wheeler.


                          
                      I need a doctor! I need a fuckin' doctor!

            In one motion, Jesse racks the shotgun, thrusts the barrel to
            Long-Hair's chin AND BLOWS HIS HEAD OFF.

            Buzz screams, REARS UP, chair collapses beneath him, DRAGGING
            a dead Long-Hair along the floor, still tied together.





                      House call.

            Jesse YANKS Buzz up. His chair rocks upright, into place.


                      Where's Lucian?!


                      I don't know!

            Jesse punctuates, shotgun butt against Buzz's head. Neck
            snaps. Teeth rattle.





            Jesse strikes again, connects. Buzz goes down in a heap, eyes
            swollen purple slits. His skull gushing red.


                      ...fuck...

            Jesse steps over Buzz, pins the shotgun to his jaw.


                      Who killed my family?


                      Ah shit, man!

            Jesse shifts his aim an inch, pulls the trigger. SHOT REVERBS
            HARD. Buzz SCREAMS, hysteria. 


                          





            Jesse puts down the shotgun. Pulls from his gym bag, two CANS
            OF GASOLINE, one of which, he splashes over Buzz's face.


                          
                      The fuck is that?
                          


            Jesse pours the rest over Buzz and the lifeless Long-Hair.


                          


            As Buzz pleads for his life, Jesse unloads the shotgun, dead
            aim...FIRES.



            Instantly, a FIRE ERUPTS. Buzz and Long-Hair's corpses BURN.

            Jesse empties the other can of gas, FEEDING THE FLAMES. THE


            Jesse stands there, the heat reflects the intensity in his
            face. For a moment, it's a vision in hell.





            Engulfed in flames. SIRENS and LIGHTS as FIRE TRUCKS and FIRE
            BOATS douse the burning boat with hard water.

            Among a crowd of SPECTATORS, the shaken Hooker is being
            questioned by Marandino.

            Bud and Cobb stand apart. 


                      We've had a tap on Kiersey's line forty
                      eight hours now. It's clean. Whatever's
                      he's up to, Bud, it ain't comin' through
                      the front door.   

            Bud starts leaving the scene. Suddenly FITCH and two AGENTS
            barge forward.


                      Carter! We need to talk. 


                      Get out of my way, Fitch.


                          
                      This is my investigation. Jesse's cowboy
                      bullshit is not how it's done!


                      While your agents build their cases and
                      set for court, he'll erase the debt owed
                      to all of you. Overnight.


                      So you're implying I should thank him?

            Bud shakes his head in disgust, keeps walking...


                      Look, Carter, whether we like it or not,
                      you and I have to work together on this.
                      We entice Jesse back. I'll get him full
                      protection, if he agrees to testify. 


                      That'll never happen.


                      Why the hell not?!


                          
                      'Cause it's over, Fitch. It's done. He
                      has nothing. Why do you think he lit that
                      fire? To plant a flag. To let us know he
                      doesn't need our protection. Doesn't want
                      it. He would've just left 'em for dead.


                      For God sakes, listen to me! I'm not
                      taking the fall for this! The plan is--


                      No, the truth is, Fitch, you ain't got
                      balls big enough to relate to this guy.
                      If you had listened to me, we wouldn't be
                      in this situation. Jesse wouldn't be in
                      this situation. And you wouldn't be
                      askin' stupid fuckin' questions!
                          
                      I'll bring him in myself. Just keep your
                      agents off my ass.

            Bud storms off.







            Lynn stumbles through the woods, holding her baby. Scared.
            Lost. Their skin bleached-out. Eyes hollow. Like apparitions.

            We're in a dream. A sadistic enhancement.





            His family's image dissolves inside them.

            WIDEN to reveal Jesse before a cracked mirror in a SERVICE
            STATION BATHROOM. Perspiring, he re-bandages his hand as
            blood swirls down the drain. 



            An expensively dressed Kiersey emerges from a courtroom,
            flanked by a pair of well dressed AIDES.


                      Get back to the office. Follow up on the
                      Arthur Bierce case. I need names and
                      numbers on my desk by three pm.

            The Aides scurry down another corridor, as Kiersey exits the
            building through the glass front doors...



            Kiersey moves to a parked Cadillac pops the trunk and sets
            his briefcase inside, when...

            A RUSHING POV FROM BEHIND: Slams the trunk on Kiersey's hands.

            Kiersey SCREAMS, drops to his knees. His wrists wedged in the
            trunk. And standing over him...is Bud.





                      You know who I am?




            Bud kicks him in the stomach, doubles him over.


                      You know who the fuck I am?!





                      Who's Richard Morris?! Why was he killed?

            No answer. Bud pounds on the trunk. Kiersey CRIES OUT.


                      I'll break every fuckin' bone you got.
                      Start talkin'.


                          
                      I can't-- I can't--

            Bud slams both fists on the trunk. All his weight.


                          
                      Can't what?! What can't you do?!

            Bud, enraged, kicks Kiersey's ribs in. Again.


                      You piece of shit, talk!


                          
                      He made Jesse...The investigation...
                      Everything...


                      His family?


                      Everything! After that, he was just a
                      loose end!

            Bud opens the trunk. Kiersey crumbles to the ground, shaking.


                      Where's Lucian Adams?


                      I don't know!

            Bud jams a foot in Kiersey's neck. Grabs his hands and bends.
            We HEAR bones snap.


                      Lucian's goin' down. You either go down
                      together, or you give him to me.


                          
                      I never talk to him directly! I swear,
                      they page me-- 

            Bud roughly searches Kiersey.


                      --Every night at five, for a six o'clock
                      call! They page from different numbers!

            Bud finds a PAGER on Kiersey's slacks, yanks it off. Then
            leans down with a smile, venomous:


                      You're a dead man, Kiersey.

            Bud storms off. Kiersey on the ground, a trembling mess.





            Catfish does a rail of meth off the counter.

            He lights a cigarette and sits down in a re-upholstered lazy
            boy where a TATTOO ARTIST is setting up... 

            Catfish proffers his forearm, displaying a row of notches
            . And Tattoo Artist begins to outline two more...


                      'Bout out of room, Catfish. You best
                      start collectin' scalps.

            Catfish smugs. Drags on his cigarette...

            WHEN A SUDDEN GUNSHOT SPRAYS CATFISH WITH BLOOD. Tattoo
            Artist drops dead on the floor.


                          
                      What the fuck?!

            Jesse, standing over Catfish. A .45 comes down twice fast
            with a CRACK! Catfish is knocked cold.



            Bud, on police radio, driving high-speed.


                      What do you got? 





            Bud's VOICE over speaker phone. Marandino on the line with a
            sheaf of paperwork. Cobb enters.


                      He's in the French Quarter. All numbers
                      paging Kiersey between five and six p.m.,
                      the last seventy-two hours, are pay
                      phones within a three mile radius.


                      Alright.


                      Bud, you gotta talk to Braddock. He's
                      lookin' for you, he's fuckin' pissed. 


                      Hold him off. I'll square it with him
                      when I get to the Quarter. 

            Bud punches the gas, traveling 90 mph.



            CATFISH'S EYES blink awake - pinpoint dilated. WIDEN TO
            REVEAL he's stripped to his boxers, tied to the lazy-boy.

            And Jesse is seated beside him.


                      I'm gonna ask questions... 

            Jesse rolls a tattoo tray of various HARDWARE towards him:
            Needles. Rusted pliers. An electric tattoo drill.


                      When I'm satisfied with your answers, I'm
                      gonna kill you. How long it takes and how
                      much blood you want to spill...that's up
                      to you.

            Catfish grins. A wide, Amphetamine smile.


                      What do you want to know? Want to hear
                      about your brother? How we had him shot
                      up with strychnine? How he died slow
                      death?

            Without warning, Jesse grabs the PLIERS. A flash of movement,
            and there's a TERRIBLE SCREAM AS CATFISH'S FRONT TOOTH IS
            RIPPED OUT. He bucks violently in his chair.

            Jesse jams the DRILL into Catfish's gums, high speed. BLOOD
            SPRAYS. Loud, electric pain and Catfish CRIES OUT IN TERROR.

            Jesse sets down the drill, deadpan.





                      Four days ago, my wife and son were
                      killed.
                          
                      I hear you took the contract?

            Catfish smiles. Lips quivering with hate.


                      Forty-four pounds, Miznay-Schardin. Like
                      you taught me. Fuck yeah, I took it. Blew
                      your bitch and kid sky high.

            Jesse grabs the pliers, YANKS another tooth. Catfish HOWLS.




            BLOOD SPEWS as the drill digs in. Catfish SCREAMS. Jesse
            tosses teeth on the tray.


                          



            Jesse grabs Catfish's rapidly swelling jaw and yanks hard.


                      Where's Lucian?

            Jesse TIGHTENS his grip. Vice-like. Blood fills Catfish's
            mouth. He gurgles, then SPITS in Jesse's face... 

            ...FLASHES OF STEEL and two more teeth rip out at the root.
            Catfish SCREAMS then passes out. Jesse slaps him awake.


                      Where's he hidin' out?

            Catfish, last ounce of spite, cracks a blackened grin: 


                      Get fucked.

            THE DRILL STRIKES. Bone deep. Gum line splays open. Teeth
            crack and split. Catfish SCREAMS UNCONTROLLABLY. Blacks out.

            Jesse stops. A brief reprieve. He gets up and looks around
            the apartment. SEES: Magazines. A few revolvers. Empty liquor
            bottles. Meth on the counter. And on the stove:  

            A HYPODERMIC NEEDLE. Beside a pie tin, speed base boiling.  

            Jesse stares. He lowers the syringe into the tin, plunger up,
            drawing fluid...

            ...then very deliberately sticks Catfish's arm with the tip
            of the needle, pops a cc.  

            Catfish bolts awake, EYES WIDE. A long, wet WHEEZE.


                      Where's Lucian?

            Catfish's head lulls. Jesse grabs him by the hair. Leans in.


                      Where's Lucian?


                          
                      New Orleans...


                      New Orleans. Where in New Orleans?


                      New Orleans...

            Jesse looks Catfish dead in the eyes. And death is there...
            Begging.


                          
                      I believe you.

            With that, Jesse pushes the plunger down...ever...so...slowly.

            Blood burps and bubbles from Catfish's throat. Lungs convulse
            and spasm. Eye go wide then roll back. A suicide dose. 



            JESSE'S CAR racing up I-10, along the roaring Mississippi,
            toward a blood red horizon of a Louisiana sundown.



            Cars line crowded streets in the heart of New Orleans. 



            TIGHT ON A DASHBOARD CLOCK: 5:04 p.m.

            Bud, waiting, parked outside a POLICE PRECINCT in the Lower
            French Quarter. Kiersey's pager on the dash. Waiting. Then:



            Bud grabs it, hurries out to a nearby pay-phone. Dials... 


                          
                      It's Bud. I got a number. 





            Cobb on a database, phone cradled...





                          
                      Governor Nicholls Wharf. Between St. Ann
                      and Toulouse. You're a half mile south.


                      Get your ass down here.

            Bud slams down the phone. Jumps in his car. Hits the gas.



            A busy promenade near the down river end of the Mississippi.

            Bud waits low in his car, parked in a distant lot. Through
            the windshield, WE SEE the subject of his surveillance...



            on a crowded sidewalk. Faces pass. A Man in a JACKET arrives
            at the phone. He waits. Checks his watch...

            ...Bud checks his clock: 6:10

            The "Jacket" picks up the phone and dials...




                      Here we go.

            Jacket waits. No call. Walks away. Bud FOLLOWS on foot...



            A sprawling swirl of humanity, live jazz and bars. The Jacket
            passes through. Twenty feet back, Bud keeps pace...  



            Jacket enters. Pumps coins into the PAY-PHONE. Dials... 


                          
                      You've reached the law offices of Daniel
                      J. Kiersey--

            Jacket hangs up. More coins. Another number...


                          
                      Hello, you've reached the Kiersey
                      residence. No one's home right now--

            Jacket hangs up. Exits east onto BARRACKS STREET. Glances
            over his shoulder, then ahead, as Bud rounds the corner...



            Jacket crosses into a LIQUOR STORE. 

            Bud stalls at the corner, casing the street. Takes everything
            in. He reaches for his cigarettes, finds a crumpled back.
            Then crosses the street to...



            outside the liquor store. Bud buys cigarettes and a newspaper.

            He opens the paper, glances at the headlines. At the same
            time, peers into the LIQUOR STORE WINDOW... 

            ...The Jacket walks toward the back of the store and out a
            door to an ALLEY.

            Bud heads south on Decatur. Lights a cigarette, as he passes
            various stores on the block. A private two-story building
            with blacked out windows at the far end: "TIBEDAUX'S TAVERN".

            Bud turns into... 



            Lined with boutiques on one side. Back of Tibedaux's on the
            other. A cargo gate is up and MEN are hoisting crates into a
            truck...  

            The Jacket is there, talking to them:


                      Should've been on the road twenty minutes
                      ago. Hurry it up. 

            Bud pauses at a DRESS SHOP. Stares into the storefront glass,
            reflecting the Jacket and Men...   

            Jacket walks off. Bud flicks his cigarette, enters...



            ...and peers out the window, watching the Jacket leave the
            alley and enter a FRENCH COLONIAL.



            A SECURITY GUARD behind a desk. As Jacket walks in... 


                      What's goin' on, Jack?

            Jacket moves through a warren of CORRIDORS. Hardened MEN
            shuttle in and out of private offices. Plates on the doors:
            "Material Management." "Plating &amp; Metal". "Demolition"...  

            Jacket knocks on a door. Opens it to...



            A bulked-out man at his desk... MILLS. Looks up as Jacket
            enters:


                      Talk to me.


                      Got nothin' to tell. Kiersey didn't call.  


                      Try his office?


                      'Ain't there. His home neither.

            Mills picks up the desk-phone. Dials...


                          
                      It's Mills. I need sweepers through Baton
                      Rouge. Find Daniel Kiersey.
                          
                      Keep pagin' him.



            Jacket exits the Colonial and enters a corner CAFE. INSIDE,
            WE SEE Jacket move to a pay-phone and dial...



            ON KIERSEY'S PAGER, as it BUZZES again.



            now seated at the window of this second-story room, using
            BINOCULARS to case the surrounding perimeter. 


                      C'mon. Show me somethin'.

            POV THROUGH BINOCULARS: as the night comes alive. Trucks pull
            to and from the alley. Patrons valet and enter Tibedaux's. 





            Braddock, walking down the hall with two POLICEMEN, unlocks a
            heavy door and enters...



            ...where Kiersey waits. Pale skin, beaded in sweat. Both
            hands in casts.


                      Mr. Kiersey. I'm Captain Mike Braddock.
                      How can I help you?


                      Detective Bud Carter is out of control!


                          
                      Detective "Lieutenant." Now how can I
                      help you?

            Kiersey, a shaky breath.


                      How long till you make an arrest in your
                      investigation of Lucian Adams?

            Braddock, just stares.


                      I'm willing to provide you with documents
                      and information to secure his conviction.


                      Why?


                      Why do you think? I'm afraid for my life.
                          
                      I'll confirm whatever Jesse Wheeler's
                      given you.



            AERIAL SHOT: LOOKING DOWN as a TOWN CAR circles the block.


                          
                      Got a possible here.



            The TOWN CAR passes slow... REVEAL NOW: MARANDINO, staked,
            having dinner outside the cafe. Crowded tables around him.


                          
                      Town Car. Black. Second time around.

            MOVING WITH THE TOWN CAR, as it turns onto ESPLANADE AVENUE
            and parks before the Colonial.

            REVEAL NOW: COBB, in a nondescript VAN. Parked a quarter
            block off Esplanade. He triggers photos through tinted glass.

            STILL PHOTOS CLICK -- the Town Car doors open. Two AB
            SOLDIERS step out. Bulges where their holsters are. Then a
            third man from in back: A boss, HAROLD KAY, 50s.


                          
                      Bud, you see this?



            BUD'S POV THROUGH BINOCULARS: Kay escorted into the Colonial.



            Parked on Chartres Avenue. Covering the alley. With
            binoculars, he can SEE the high point of the Colonial. 

            And we see now, Bud has this place surrounded.


                          (as a light goes on, into
                           radio)
                      They're on the second floor.



            Bud grabs the phone. Dials...





            Braddock on the line:


                          
                      It's Bud...


                      You better have something fuckin' good.


                      I'm in the French Quarter. Sittin' on AB
                      activity. 


                      Lucian?


                      Don't know yet. I got Harold Kay so far.

            Braddock looks to the AB ORGANIZATIONAL CHART on the wall.
            MUG SHOT of HAROLD KAY atop one branch of AB SOLDIERS.


                      Looks like they own the God damn block. 


                      Well I got Kiersey just walked in. Two
                      fractured wrists and scared as all hell.


                      I can explain--


                      He wants to make a deal, Bud. I can keep
                      Nokes in the dark twenty-four hours, but
                      that's it.

            Cobb's VOICE comes over the radio:


                          
                      Bud, we got movement. 


                          
                      Hold on, Mike.

            Bud cradles the phone, picks up the radio:


                          
                      Go ahead...



            OUT THE BACK WINDSHIELD: A LINCOLN arrives at the cafe. Car
            doors open...

            COBB CLICKS PHOTOS -- another boss emerges, EDGAR BINGHAM,
            flanked by two more AB SOLDIERS.


                          
                      Holy shit.



            BUD'S POV THROUGH BINOCULARS: Kay and Mills exit the
            Colonial. Bingham and Kay shake hands.


                          
                      It's cookin', Bud. It's cookin' fast.


                          
                      Mike, I've got Edgar Bingham now. Just
                      showed with two of his crew, for a sit
                      down with Kay.



            he scans the AB CHART again. MUG SHOT of HAROLD BINGHAM atop
            another branch of AB SOLDIERS.



            Bingham, Kay, Mills and two Soldiers start toward the CAFE.


                          
                      Marandino, they comin' your way.

            Marandino looks up from his table, to find this crew of men
            walking right for him. Marandino stares. A frozen moment... 



            Bud throws down his binoculars and takes up a .50 CALIBER
            BURROWS RIFLE, lays an eye on the SCOPE.

            BUD'S POV THROUGH THE SCOPE : the cross-hairs find
            Kay and Bingham moving toward Marandino...


                          
                      Got 'em.



            The crew of men getting closer now, a few yards away...

            Marandino - heart racing - slides his Browning 9MM out and
            slips it onto the table, below his napkin, aims...

            ...When the crew abruptly turns and enters the cafe.
            Marandino exhales relief...




                          
                      They're inside.

            Bud sits back. Then: 

            KIERSEY'S PAGER BUZZES AGAIN. 


                          
                      Mike, I need Kiersey to place a call.
                      Five minutes, or this opportunity's gone. 


                          
                      Give me the number...



            Bingham, Kay and Mills at a booth, sipping coffee. Two
            Soldiers guard the front and back doors. 

            Mills looks at Jacket, who waits by the pay-phone. Both
            noticeably on edge. Finally --

            The PAY-PHONE RINGS.


                          
                      Excuse me.

            He gets up, walks toward the phone. When Jacket answers,
            Mills takes the receiver from him. 


                          
                      Yeah...



            A nervous Kiersey on the line. Braddock, Policemen nearby.


                          
                      We've been pagin' you over two hours.
                      Where the fuck you been?


                      I apologize. I've been tooth and nail
                      with the D.A., in court, all day.


                      Everything good?


                      Everything's fine. Just lay low. Regular
                      time tomorrow.   

            Mills hangs up.

            Kiersey turns. Pale. To Braddock: 


                      Now get me protection.



            Mills returns to the booth. Kay and Bingham look at him.


                      So?


                      All good. Let's eat.



            Marandino watches as Bingham, Kay and Mills pull their coats
            on and exit the cafe... 


                          
                      Call went down.



            BUD'S POV THROUGH THE SCOPE: watching as Bingham, Kay and
            Mills enter Tibedaux's Tavern.


                          
                      Entering Tibedaux's Tavern...



            A busy nightclub crowded wall-to-wall with PATRONS.

            FOLLOW Kay, Bingham and Mills, passing tables, greeting
            "connected" types... and through a far door into a back room. 



            FOLLOW Marandino as he walks down the street, knocks on the
            back of the Van. 



            Cobb, now dressed in evening attire, throws open the door and
            Marandino climbs in. They exchange transmitter for headset
            and Cobb leaves the van for the street...



            Cobb approaches the front door, where a pair of large DOORMEN
            stand.


                      Can we help you?


                      Just lookin' for a drink and a bite to
                      eat.


                      Think you'll find what you're lookin' for
                      across the street.  
                          
                      Try the cafe.

            Cobb stares at both Doormen #1 and #2, immovable forces. 


                      Alright. Thanks.



            BUD'S POV THROUGH BINOCULARS: Cobb leaves Tibedaux's and
            positions himself at an outdoor table in the cafe.


                          
                      Negative at Tibedaux's. Can't walk in.
                      What's our move?


                          
                      We wait.







            waiting. Patrons empty out. Cars drive away.







            He waits. And waits. And nothing happens. Finally:


                          
                      I've got movement. Back alley...



            POV THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: Back of Tibedaux's. A BALCONY
            GUARD emerges with a rifle, posts.


                          
                      Talk to me.


                          
                      I've got a man on the south balcony.
                      Armed.

            The door below opens and a second GUARD steps out, posts.


                          
                      Second man at the door now. Street level.
                      Possibly armed.


            Marandino ducks, a reflex action.



            Lights from a CADILLAC and a GRAND MARQUIS appear and come
            down the street - past Cobb - SLOWLY. Blacked out windows...



            POV THROUGH WINDSHIELD: as the cars turn into the alley...


                          
                      A Cadillac and a Grand Marquis, just
                      pulled in the alley.

            ...and stop behind Tibedaux's. 

            Passenger doors of both cars open, two AB SOLDIERS emerge.
            They open the rear door of the Cadillac and shadow the man
            they're escorting: LUCIAN.

            Balcony Guard looks on as Door Guard allows Lucian and his
            Soldiers to enter the building.


                          
                      Bud... we got Lucian Adams...



            Bud, pulse building to a boil.


                          
                      Hold position. Give me a head count. 


                          
                      Two men flanking. Drivers have not left
                      the cars. Initial perps still on post.
                      Lucian's entering the building...

            Bud pulls on a KEVLAR VEST, holsters a .45. Extra clips on
            the waistband. Checks a loaded PUMP SG.

            Ready.



            Marandino, fastens on a vest, loads a 12-Gauge, locks.

            Suddenly, through the side window... A LONE FIGURE, IN A
            QUARTER TRENCH, MOVES PAST. It happens in a flash.

            Marandino LOOKS, SEES only a quick profile as the Figure cuts
            between parked cars and walks across the street... 


                          
                      I need eyes on a single, white male
                      crossing Esplanade. Possible intent...



            Cobb looks over his shoulder, SEES the Figure 75 yards away,
            moving briskly across Esplanade...

            We still can't see his face.



            Bud grabs the rifle, eye on the scope, aims out the window. 

            POV THROUGH THE SCOPE: as the CROSS-HAIRS find the Figure
            walking. SEE the BODY. Then the FACE... IT'S JESSE. 

            ON BUD, spinning now.


                          
                      It's Jesse...


                          
                      He's heading toward the alley, Bud. We
                      take him down?


            HEAD - TRACKING - RACK FOCUS... This decision... He HAS to
            decide... And he does:


                      Let him go.


                      What?! 


                          
                      Let him go.


                      Bud, that's crazy! Jesse goes in first,
                      he's gonna blow this whole thing. We
                      can't let that happen. 


                          
                      That's exactly what we're gonna do! We
                      got no way inside. Let Jesse go in hard
                      and draw fire. He pushes Lucian out to
                      us. Stand the fuck down. I'm on my way.

            Bud throws down the rifle, grabs the pump SG, runs out the
            door...



            Marandino, sweeps the alley with his binoculars. No Jesse.


                          
                      I don't see him. I got nothin'...

            POV THROUGH BINOCULARS:  to the balcony. MUZZLE
            FLASHES SUDDENLY IGNITE. Balcony Guard is shot dead. 


                      Fuck! 

            JESSE STRIDES INTO VIEW. Draws a silenced Tactical .45 and
            FIRES, putting TWO HARD ROUNDS into Door Guard. Both DRIVERS
            get out. Jesse pivots, HAMMERS two rounds to their heads.
            They drop cold. It happens in seconds.


                          
                      Shots fired! Shots fired! 



            Bud, charging through a FIRE EXIT, bounding down steps...


                          
                      Jesse hit four men! What do you want me
                      to do?!


                          
                      Call it in! Local and SWAT! Get the place
                      surrounded!



            Jesse slaps a clay plastique with a DETONATOR onto Tibedaux's
            back door, then covers.  

            There's a loud EXPLOSION as the DOOR BLOWS OPEN.



            FOLLOW JESSE through billowing smoke, into...



            as he pulls a REMINGTON SAWED-OFF, slung on a strap, to his
            left hand, .45 to his right.

            Mid-hall, AB #6 looks over, freezes.  






            Lucian with Kay and Bingham. They HEAR the explosion.
            Exchange looks.



            Jesse steps over the dead AB #6 without breaking stride.
            Comes to a door. Kicks it in... 



            ...And Mills FIRES a gun, burning Jesse's ear -- Blood pours
            down his neck -- and Jesse's Tactical FIRES.

            Mills is HIT IN THE THROAT. He falls into a chair. And his
            eyes - at the fierce face of death - are filled with Jesse,
            who FIRES TWO ROUNDS. One to the head. That fast.   



            Two AB SOLDIERS #7 and #8 hurry in. Lucian, Kay and Bingham
            stand up. 


                      Let's go. We're gettin' you out of here.

            All three bosses draw GUNS. Lock and load. 



            Outside, the sound of gunfire is heard. Jacket turns to the
            BARKEEP. Alarmed:


                      Give me that fuckin' shotgun!

            Barkeep lays a shotgun on the bar. Jacket reaches. When...


                          



            Jacket looks at Cobb. Steps back. Hands in the air.



            Bud bursts outside, full throttle. Shouts into the radio:


                      Jam the alley! No one goes in or out!



            Marandino hits the gas. TIRES SCREECH as he slides sideways
            and secures the mouth of the alley. Door kicks out. 12-gauge
            levels.



            Doorman #1, HEARING the commotion turns...

            ...SEES INSIDE THE CAFE, Cobb cuffing Jacket and Barkeep.

            Doorman #1 draws a Para-Ordnance .45, FIRES. A VOLLEY OF


            Cobb can't make it through INCOMING FIRE and covers.
            Remaining PATRONS SCREAM, drop under tables.  

            Doorman #1 KEEPS FIRING, advancing towards the Cafe, when--
            BOOM! A SHOTGUN BLAST takes his head off -- REVEALING BUD --
            behind him, running toward Tibedaux's.  



            PATRONS stampede for the door. Lucian, Bingham and Kay with
            AB #7 and #8 follow...



            ...and Bud is coming right for them.

            CLOSE ON LUCIAN. The shock of seeing Bud. 

            Lucian FIRES.

            Bud kneels and PUMPS SHOTS - hits AB #7 and #8 - killing them.

            Lucian, Kay, Bingham flee back inside.



            Jesse yanks off the cover of the main electric panel. He rips
            out incoming lines and FIRES into the lighting circuit. 





            Fluorescent units explode, plunging us into DARKNESS. Arcs
            SPUTTER and FLARE, the corridors now strobe-lit. 



            Cobb runs out of the cafe, pushing through civilians. 


                      Down! Get down!

            Bud pursues Lucian...


                      Stay on the door! I'm goin' in!



            Bud enters-

            Split-second and DOORMAN #2 OPENS FIRE from the waiter's
            entrance.

            Bud drops and FIRES BACK. Doorman #2 goes down. Bud runs
            across overturned tables and up a STAIRWELL...



            Jesse emerges. AB #9 steps out, FIRES. The bullet hits
            Jesse's vest, knocking him backwards.

            Jesse levels the sawed-off. FIRES. AB #9 falls in a heap.
            Jesse rises, keeps moving...



            MOVING WITH BUD entering, KICKING down doors, sweeping rooms
            with his shotgun... No sign of Lucian.



            Jesse is coming... 

            ...and the SLAUGHTER BUILDS. 

            He throws open a door to a BAR AREA.  

            AB #10 and #11 FIRE SMGs WILDLY, running from the room. Jesse
            UNLOADS the sawed-off. MISSING. Plaster throws and crumbles.

            A GUNSHOT rips through Jesse's left arm. The sawed-off drops
            to his side. Jesse turns - EDGAR BINGHAM is FIRING a SERVICE
            REVOLVER - SHOTS MISS as Jesse dives behind the bar.

            HAROLD KAY is moving down the stairwell. FIRING an Automatic
            wildly. Bottles and glasses explode.

            Bingham keeps firing. Mirrors SHATTER.



            bullets splinter wood, Jesse slams another magazine into the
            .45. Above him, strays catch lights, glass filaments EXPLODE. 



            Bud KICKS down a door. AB #12 charges out. Grabs for Bud...
            who breaks the grab, pulls AB #12's neck down, slams his knee
            into his forehead twice, knocked cold. Grabs his gun.    



            AB #13 emerges, HAMMERING GUNSHOTS. Bud covers. SHOTS BLOW
            HOLES in the wall.



            ...and AB #14 steps out, draws. Bud throws him in the way of
            CROSS-FIRE. AB #13 takes AB #14's SHOTS. 

            Bud aims past. FIRES ONCE.

            AB #14 is hit dead center and drops like an oak.

            Both men dead. That fast, and Bud is on the move... 



            AB #10 and #11 run out and swing their SMGs, FIRING onto the
            alley and KILLING MARANDINO... Then charging to the front--

            COBB FIRES. AB #10 is BLOWN APART, as AB #11 FIRES back,
            hitting Cobb in the vest. His ribs broken, he sits down
            stunned.


                          
                      I'm hit. I'm fuckin' hit.

            AB #11 running past as several BLACK AND WHITES now arrive.
            TAKE AND RETURN FIRE -- AB #11 is shot dead.

            Police shouting. Civilians running, as...





            Jesse rises over the bar, FIRING BURSTS into Kay, who tumbles
            down the stairwell like a rag doll. 

            Bingham shoots Jesse in the hip. He staggers, then falls and
            rolls to his back... 

            Bingham rounds the bar just as Jesse, somehow, lifts the .45
            and FIRES two slugs into Bingham's chest.

            Bingham collapses on top of Jesse. The .45 hits the floor.
            Both men, bleeding profusely, thrash along the floor...



            Bud, racing toward a stairwell, LEAPS down a flight, turns,
            and RUNS down another. 



            Jesse, trapped under the heavy Bingham, pulls the buck knife
            from his holster and sinks it into Bingham's kidney. TWISTS.
            Blood POOLS. Bingham MOANS...

            ...Jesse rolls the big man over, hoists himself high and
            impales Bingham through the throat. Dead.

            Jesse exhales, struggles up...rising to his feet...



            out of nowhere. JESSE COLLAPSES, A BUNDLE OF TWITCHING




            Lucian turns slow. Toward a cracked MIRROR. Suddenly...




            Lucian points his gun at Bud's head, who reaches for the
            trigger guard, shifts the barrel an inch -- A ROUND GOES OFF,



            Bud flips Lucian over, rips the gun away. Lucian tries to
            break free. Bud grabs him - smashes the gun over and over
            against Lucian's face.

            Lucian's head BOUNCES. Eyes roll, then right.

            Lucian quarter rolls, then CRACKS a forearm into Bud's head.
            Again, and Bud is knocked back with a gash over his eye. 

            Lucian REARS BACK and KICKS HARD into Bud's sternum.

            Lucian scrambles. Bud tackles him into a table, which goes
            down. A chair breaks. Bud lands a thunderous hook and
            Lucian's nose shatters. Another and his cheekbone caves.

            Lucian drops like a rock. Tries to crawl under another table.
            IN A MANIACAL RAGE, Bud flips the table and stomps down on
            Lucian with furious blows that come one after another.

            Lucian tries to cover up. BUD IS ALL OVER HIM. Grabs Lucian
            by the throat and presses down.

            Lucian, fighting to breathe, digs his nails into Bud's face,
            tearing skin. 

            Bud's face twists with hate as he chokes the life out of him.

            Lucian's eyes BULGE...His mouth stretches WIDE...clutching at
            Bud's fingers, trying to pull away...

            Bud SNORTS, tightens his grip... bearing down... And at the
            last moment, the cop in him reemerges...

            Bud lets go.

            Lucian rolls to his side and coughs up a thick ribbon of
            blood and vomit. Bud slams on restraints.

            Bud staggers to his feet...breathing hard...Spots Jesse on
            the floor...And he slows...

            Jesse lies in shadow. Perfectly still. We cannot see his face.
            Only the dark pool of blood around him.

            Lucian passes out.


                          
                      I got him... I got Lucian.



            ...as POLICE come in...over bodies and blood and guns, and up
            the stairs and out a broken window, to the CROWDS in the
            street held back by POLICE, past flashing lights and
            emergency vehicles... 

            ...to where life goes on in New Orleans.







            The sun is out. The sky above is clear.



            ON BUD, as he leads Lucian through the bowels of city lock-up. 

            Lucian - in prison garbs, haggard, dark bruises - looks up as
            they pass a two-way mirror of an INTERROGATION ROOM, SEES...



            ...seated, making statements to Shepard, who is taking notes.
            Stacks of Jesse's reports surround them.

            Bud walks Lucian past, into...



            ...and Lucian sits at a table. Bud across from him. Silence
            hangs, several moments. 



            starting again, knowing... There's something bigger. A slow
            smile spreads...


                      Want a cup of coffee?




