

              by
         Larry Cohen






         Revised by
        Chris Morgan






     Current Revisions by
J. Mackye Gruber &amp; Eric Bress








                                July 16, 2003




We PULL BACK to reveal we're looking at THE SUN. In the
distance lie the gorgeous San Gabriel Mountains and the
Downtown Los Angeles skyline.
In ONE LONG TRACKING SHOT, we CRANE PAST some trees to reveal
the vast expansive homes scattered in the hills of Brentwood.
HOMEOWNERS walk dogs, a PAPERBOY chucks papers fr9m a
gleaming mountain bike... It's early in the morning, and the
landscapers haven't come with their leaf blowers yet.
CONTINUE BOOMING DOWN to road level to face    the resplendent
Martin residence. We STEADICAM down the fr    ont walk, able to
admire the manicured hedges and the black E   scalade in the
driveway, to the front door decorated with    a whimsical
placard that reads, "The Martins" -- and we    pass THROUGH THE
KEYHOLE into the foyer.


We TRACK through the living room, passing framed photos of an
athletic eleven year old boy, and we hear a WOMAN'S VOICE as
she comes down the stairs with a GOLDEN RETRIEVER at her
side.


               
          Yes Donna, I'm out the door.
We TRACK over the Woman's shoulder and follow her into the
kitchen, unable to see her face.


          Just inform Kayleigh that
          anesthesia is on the way to prep
          the epidural and I'll be there as
          soon as I can.
Still looking over her shoulder, we watch her absently
straighten a PHOTOGRAPH of her son on the fridge as she
talks.


          And promise her she's about to have
          a woooonnderful labor.
As the woman pours herself a fresh cup of coffee, her
HOUSEKEEPER enters the kitchen with a full laundry basket.
They give each other a silent wave.


          Right, I'll see you in twenty.
She hangs up her cordless and takes a breath as we COME
AROUND to finally REVEAL JESSICA MARTIN; slightly weary, but
ready for the day ahead.


          Buenas dias, Rosario.




           Good morning Miss Jessica.
Jessica sees her answering machine blinking, hits PLAY.
In the background, a cheerful Rosario enters frame and heads
for the back door carrying the basket of laundry.


           
           Honey? Honey, wake up.   Pick up the-
And as she brings the coffee cup to her lips--
SLAMM!! The door EXPLODES open and a squad of FIVE GUNMEN
storm in, wearing SKI-MASKS. Everything is a whirlwind of
quick cuts, noise and confusion.
Jessica's DOG starts to lunge at the men and -- thup! -- is
stilled by a silenced pistol before its second bark.
Rosario runs for the ALARM SYSTEM --


          Get away from there! Don't touch
          that -- !!
-- but as she reaches out for the PANIC BUTTON -- BLAM!!     He
blows her away, too. The Gunman curses, then turns on
Jessica.


          
          Where is he?
Jessica cringes.


          Where is who?


          Wrong answer.
The bastard hauls back and -- WHAM I -- punches her in the
face, knocking Jessica cold.
Then he turns to his men.


          Search the house.
And as the answering machine fills the silence:


          
          -I'll call back later.
The LEAD GUNMAN spins around, and we PUSH INTO the blackness
of his masked face.






The BLACKNESS of a BLACK VAN and ESCALADE passing below us.
We quickly CRANE DOWN to see the vehicles traveling through:
An IRON GATE at the edge of an aband9ned property. They
bounce down a long lonely driveway lined with barren trees--
ANGLE ON: THE KIDNAPPERS' VAN as it arrives at its
destination; an isolated HOUSE in the Hills. The grass is
dead. The trees are dead. It's the kind of place you could
scream for a week and no one would hear a thing.
As the van stops--




A door CRASHES open. Light slices through the dark revealing
the dusty, skeletal interior. Jessica is hurled into the
room and falls to the floor. With bound hands, she
frantically pulls her blindfold off to see--


Standing in front of her.    Sturdier than the rest.   Solid.
Imposing.


          Wh... what do you want?
Unsettlingly, the Kidnapper says nothing, staring at her.
Jessica tries to remain calm under his angry gaze...
Then suddenly, the Kidnapper turns and exits the room.
Jessica breathes a sigh of relief...but it catches in her
throat as he returns ten seconds later -- with a BASEBALL BAT.
Grim as death, he stalks toward her --


          No, wait..
And reaching.her, he hauls back and SWINGS --




SMASH! The bat connects with a wooden beam an inch above
Jessica's head, OBLITERATING the ROTARY DIAL TELEPHONE that
hung there.
As phone guts shower down on her, the Lead Kidnapper turns
and stomps away, slamming the attic door shut and locking
Jessica in the darkness.
Only now that they're gone does Jessica allow her fear to
show through. Trembling, tears running down her face,
Jessica finally breaks down, pleading to the empty attic--




            Wha... what the hell is happening?!
The attic's suffocating silence is the only answer she gets.




Skimming along the water.
And we TILT UP to reveal the majestic beaches of Southern
California, and at the center of it all, the SANTA MONICA




It would be a typical day, except for that some PEOPLE are
preparing for a "HEAL THE BAY" rally at the end of the pier.
VENDORS set up, preparing for the daily grind ahead.
BIKERS gather around a bad-ass HELLCAT G2 CONFEDERATE
MOTORCYCLE and admire its cutting-edge design.
HOT CHICKS in bikinis try on sunglasses at a stand.
FISHERMEN crack beers while awaiting the next bite.




The screen displays a car-race arcade game. A computer
generated hot-rod passes other racers at breakneck speed.
Playing the sit-down game, DAYTONA USA, is:
RYAN ACKERMAN, early twenties, looks like he grew up on the
beach without so much as a pot to piss in. His lethal
reflexes and bold recklessness, however, have made him a Jedi
Master of the game.
Ryan's score approaches the HIGH SCORE at the top of the
screen.


            You recording this?


            Yeah, sure...
CHAD, his best bud, aims a BLUE TOOTH VIDEOSTREAMING
CELLPHONE at some CUTE GIRLS instead. We can see their faces
on the tiny SCREEN of the cellphone.
Ryan's car gets caught behind a blue speedster, then passes
on the shoulder.




            Move, bitch.
He gets an EXTENDED PLAY and the screen flashes "NEW RECORD."
Nearby, a KID watching the game nods.


            Nice.
The HIGH SCORE starts rising to match Ryan's score.


            Get that?
Ryan turns around to see Chad has shoved the cellphone down
the front of his tattered shorts. And he's freeballing it.


            Check it; Attack of the Bubblegum
            Monster in Hi-Def videostream-


            C'mon Chad, I gotta put my mouth on
            that.
Holding a cup of soda between his teeth, Chad pulls the
cellphone out of his pants and hits "SEND".


                 (through cup-holding
                  teeth)
            Sweet. It's going to my email
            right now.
S9me soda inadvertently SPILLS onto the cellphone and Chad
wipes it dry on his pants.


            Watch it dude, I gotta return that
            thing in seven days.


            They aren't giving you shit yet?


            Nah, whenever I return it, I just
            list off why the phone sucks and
            they give me a new model. Figure
            by the tenth time I'll have to go
            somewhere else.
Ryan's car finally CRASHES in a wall of flames.       Game Over.




As seen looking over the rail of the pier.      The tide is in,
but it's still a forty foot drop.


RYAN stares over the railing like a death row inmate
contemplating his last meal.


           Go already. No one's looking.
His left hand holds his WALLET.


           
           Need me to hold that?
Ryan sticks it in the pocket of his surfer shorts -- he zips
a zipper, tucks a Velcro flap. Pats his pocket proudly.


          Waterproof.
But as soon as Ryan covertly CLIMBS ONTO THE RAIL, his left
leg starts trembling like crazy.


          This is stupid. I could get
          killed. Pick another dare.
Chad lowers the phone, irritated.


          My ass. Not after you made me
          march in the Gay Pride Parade
          wearing a thong.


          Screw it then. In one... Two...
          Two and a half--


          Whole numbers only, Rabbitfoot.
Ryan stares at the waves crashing below. His leg starts
snaking like crazy... And he chickens out, hopping back to
the deck.


          Just so you know, I'm emailing this
          to every chick you ever met.
But suddenly Ryan's oblivious to the dare.   His eyes are
glued to something else--


          
          Transmitting pussy file now.
CHLOE, early 20s, a head turner, confident, funny; she can
pull you in like a tractor beam. She and some CUTE FRIENDS
carry heavy cardboard boxes toward a table set up for the
"Heal The Bay" rally.
Ryan walks over like he owns the place.




           Got any more? I'm here to help.


           Thanks, but no, we got 'em all.


           What's in 'em?
Chloe opens the box.    Hands him a "Heal The Bay" pamphlet.


           Cool, you're handing these out
           during the concert?


          Yeah, wanna help?
Ryan tries to ignore his thundering heart.


          Hell yeah.     I'm all about "Heal the
          Bay. "
His eyes ricochet off the pamphlet in his hand.


          Me an Chad do the monthly cleanup
          thing, of course...
An awesome wing-man, Chad appears over Chloe's shoulder,
pretending to read a pamphlet, but really holding it up so
Ryan can see it. Piece of cake, now.


          We've collected water samples with
          the Stream Team, raised money on
          the Promenade... I'm surprised I
          haven't seen you.
He offers his hand.


          Ryan.
She takes it.


          Chloe.
The handshake lingers a second longer than necessary, and
they both smile at each other. Chad splits.


          I can't tell if you're full of it.
Ryan stops posturing, gets real.


          You ever go up to Santa Barbara?
          My dad used to take me there all




           the time. Their pier is amazing,
           clear water, huge crabs everywhere,
           oysters right there on the rocks,
           starfish... Hard to believe it's
           the same ocean sometimes.
He's managed to win her back.


           Maybe you and I can take a break
           later when Pat Benatar goes on.


           Sounds like a plan.
There's a moment...     Then --


          Oh no -- I forgot. I still have to
          pick up a box of T-shirts at the
          Kinkos on Venice.


           I'll do it for you... if you want.


          Seriously, you would?


          Sure.     How much is the bill?


          Nothing.    It's been paid up front.


          Do you promise not to go anywhere?


          Done.
Ryan makes a graceful exit.       Turns back.


          Okay, I won't be long.


          
          Bye.
Ryan grabs Chad, and as they walk out of earshot:


          Dude, does Santa Barbara have a
          harbor or a pier?




A short time later, Ryan cruises through a Venice
neighborhood.


Ryan drives an early 70's Ford Bronco; clothes are strewn
across the backseat, and a box of "Heal the Bay" T-SHIRTS now
sits on the shotgun seat.
Ryan reaches into the glove box and pulls out a toothbrush.
He sips warm soda from a bottle and begins brushing.
Checking himself out in the mirror, he sniffs his pits, whoa,
and grabs the cellphone.


                
           Dex, wassup? You won't believe the
           hotties I just met at the pier.
           Smoking. You wanna meet them?
           Yeah? Well don't get too excited
           'cause I need my money.
Ryan stops at a red light.


           Bullshit, you're not going
           anywhere,
                
           I'm pulling up right now.
Some AMBULANCES SPEED BY, SIRENS BLARING.   It's deafening.
Ryan lays on the horn.   When the light changes, Ryan peels
away angrily.


              
          What? Yeah, you better be. And I
          need your shower, I'm talkin' code
          red stankage-
The CELLPHONE begins to CRACKLE with STATIC just as Ryan
drives under an OVERPASS.
Suddenly --
The car ahead of him STOPS in the middle of the street. Ryan
notices too late and has to jam on the brakes. The car
skids, he SCREAMS... and comes to a stop an inch before
hitting the other car's bumper.
He lifts the phone receiver to his ear but the call is WASHED




          
          Dex? You still there...?
And as has happened to all of us, he loses the call.


          Damn.


As traffic resumes and Ryan clears the overpass--


ID                                                                   iu






     Ryan picks up the phone.


                Sorry, got cut off.      Hey -- what's
                my Caller ID say?
     But there's no voice on the other end, only shuffling sounds.


                Yo Dex...?






12   Their insulation picked off and spliced together. PAN ALONG 12
     the attic floor, past the rubble of the shattered phone,
     foll9wing the crudely repaired wires to JESSICA'S HANDS,
     tapping the dialer wires together. She's trying so hard to
     simulate a NUMERIC PULSE that she almost doesn't hear:


                Hello...?
     Jessica's hands go suddenly still, then -- WHOOM! -- her head
     slams down INTO FRAME on top of the crushed earpiece, a
     desperate hope filling her eyes.




     With still no answer, Ryan pulls the phone from his ear --


                Whatever.    Signing off-
     -- and is just about to hit END CALL when he hears a tiny
     female voice on the other end.


                Wait!    Don't hang up!
     Ryan puts the phone back to his ear.


                Hello?


                There's not much time! I need you
                to go to the police. My name is
                Jessica Martin; I've been kidnapped!


                     
                Oh really? Kidnapped, huh?


13                                                                          j.j






                  Please. I know what you're
                  thinking, but it's real! I'm in an
                  attic somewhere. I think they're
                  going to kill me! You need to-


                  Awfully polite kidnappers to give
                  you a phone...
     Jessica's voice TREMBLES uncontrollably.        Desperate, fearful
     and frustrated.


                  No!   You don't understand!
     Suddenly, the cellphone BLIPS twice in Ryan's ear.          He pulls
     it away and looks at its faceplate.


     The LCD reads:     CALL WAITING.   ACCEPT?




                  If you were really in trouble, you
                  would've called the cops, not me.
                  Now I've got a real call on the
                  other line--




     A WIDER SHOT so we see Jessica's bound hands. Her bruised
     face. Whispering frantically into the DEMOLISHED TELEPHONE
     she's JERI-RIGGING back together as she talks.


                  Goddamn it, listen to me! The
                  phone I'm on...it's shattered!
                  There's no dialer! I've been
                  clicking wires together for hours
                  trying to get someone, anyone, and
                  you 're the only connection I was
                  able to make!
                       
                  If you hang up, I may not get
                  anyone else.


     SFX: Ryan's call waiting BLIPS again.        He considers
     everything Jessica has said, then:


                  Hmm. Sucks to be you. Try crank
                  yanking someone else. Late.










                  Wait!     Don't hang up!    DON'T HANG UP!!
     But -- CLICK!       Ryan flashes over to the next call.


                  Dex?




     A TELEMARKETER checks Ryan's name on a list, then glances at
     the script.


                 Hello, Mr. Ackerman. My name is
                 Mark and I'd like to discuss with
                 you the benefits of Mastercharge
                 Credit Union's-


                 Awesome, I can totally use a credit
                 card. Tell me more.


                 Absolutely.     We've lowered our APR-


                 -Shucks, now's really not a good
                 time, but why don't I get your
                 number and get back to you later.


                 Sure, it's 818...


                 That's the office number?


                 Yes.


                 Why don't you give me your number
                 instead. That way I can call you
                 when you're having dinner with your
                 family.
     A beat.


                 Sorry to have bothered you.
     Click!    The Telemarketer hangs up.


                 Damn skippy.
     And that's when he notices the message flashing on the
     phone's faceplate: CALL ON HOLD. Ryan clicks the FLASH
     button to pick it up...and Jessica is still there.






           --an you hear me?!


           You still there? You're getting
           kinda creepy, lady. See ya.


          No!    Don't! They're going to kill
          me!    They're going to kill me!!
A silent beat.   A calculated look in her eyes...
RYAN pulls the phone from his ear and is about to hang
up...when he hears the one sound that stops all men cold.
On the other end, Jessica begins to CRY.


          Oh, it's like that, huh?     Nice with
          the fake tears, lady...


          Please...   I just need help.
But Ryan won't be manipulated.


          You need acting lessons. Now go take
          your meds and bug someone else.


          These men!!!--
Jessica stops herself short, quieting the rising hysteria in
her voice before it gives her away. She glances anxiously at
the attic door, then continues, more in control.


          These men killed my housekeeper.
          My dog. You have to help me.
Ryan bristles at being saddled with anything, much less this.


          No, actually( I don't. Not with a
          hot chick waiting for me at the
          pier.


          Please...you're my only hope.
               
          What's your name?
That catches Ryan off-guard.   He stalls, not wanting to make
this personal.


          Why, you writing a book--?


19                                                                  x?






                --Please, just tell me your name!
     Ryan glances around the street, his eyes falling on a stone
     fountain outside a French Restaurant.


                Uh...Johnny. Johnny Fountain.


                Johnny... What if it was your
                mother who was calling for help?
                How would you feel?


                Well, I'd be damn impressed,
                considering she's dead.


                Goddamn it, how difficult is it to
                hand this phone off to the police?!
                I'll pay you!


               How much?


               Five thousand dollars.


               Sure you will. I'm hanging up now.


               No, wait! WAIT!! Even if there's
               a eighty percent chance I'm lying,
               you nave a one in five chance to
               make five grand f9r a lousy twenty
               minutes of your life.
                    
               Haven't you ever bet on a horse or
               bought a Lottery ticket? I'm
               talking one-in-five odds, twenty
               minutes.
     Ryan slaps the radio off.


               What do you want me to do?






     In EXTREME SLOW-MOTION, chaos unfolds around us like a
     nightmare --
     OFFICERS manhandle a drunk toward the back, a HOOKER screams
     at us with unholy rage, in the far corner, a JUNKIE spits on






     an OFFICER'S FACE and there's a lethal race for disinfectant
     through invisible soup.
     Sounds are distant, eerily muffled.      A HIGH-PITCHED WHINE
     lets us know we're in hell.
     CLOSE UP:    BOB MOONEY'S EYES.    Concerned, but not panicked.
     MOONEY'S POV. Still surreal, SLOW-MOTION, as an Officer with
     a CREWCUT responds by spinning the Junkie's face into a wall,
     legal but hard.
     SFX:   A HEARTBEAT.    OURS.    FAST... And possibly IRREGULAR?
     CLOSE UP - SLOW MOTION - The RIGHT THUMB presses into the


     MOONEY'S EYES.      Watching.   Counting... Suddenly --
     WHAM!! Back to reality when a YOUNG GANGBANGER is slammed
     into the station desk by a ROOKIE.


                 Problem, Mooney. If I put this one
                 in with the others, there's gonna
                 be a bloodbath.


                 Put me in there! I'll waste all
                 them pussies!
     REVEAL SERGEANT BOB MOONEY -- a tough, fifty-something beat
     cop who's fighting growing old every step of the way. He
     rolls his eyes at the situation and takes a bite of PIZZA.


                 Come on Powell, put the Sharks with
                 the Sharks, the Jets with the Jets
                 and make room.
     Rookie Powell suppresses his irritation and roughly yanks the
     Gangbanger back over to the holding cells.
     Mooney puts down the pizza, no appetite, and stares at the
     news story playing on the TV mounted in the corner.


     a NEWS REPORTER is in the middle of a segment. Over him,
     FOOTAGE rolls of six guilty-looking cops testifying in court;
     being led away in handcuffs.


                 ...was somber when the indictments
                 came down this afternoon in the
                 23rd Precinct corruption scandal.
                 Though the names of six police
                 officers were read aloud, the
                 District Attorney stated that this
                 was merely the "tip of the iceberg"
                 and that unfortunately many other
                 arrests are likely to be coming as
                 the investigations proceed.




     As DETECTIVE JACK TOMLIN passes Mooney, he nods toward the TV.


                Sucks for the fellas at the Two-
                Three right now, huh?


                Dirty pricks deserve what they get.
                Public hates us enough without this
                shit.


                
                There's good men over there.
     A FEMALE OFFICER passes Mooney and reaches for his box of
     pizza.


               Mooney? What are you doing?      You can't
               be eating this crap.
     Mooney plants his own firm grip on the box.


               Keep walking, Shelly.   Nothing to
               see here.
     A friendly tug of war.


               You sure you wanna do that?     What
               would your wife say?
     That's it. Mooney snatches his lunch back and turns to
     lecture this little girl.


               She'd say nothing, 'cause she's not
               gonna know about it! Christ, Shel,
               my old man had eleven heart
               attacks. Eleven! I have one
               little infarction and you guys
               start treating me like an invalid!
               I'm a grown man! Leave me alone,
               will you?!


                    
               I was merely referring to your
               cottage-cheese ass.
     Mooney sighs and lifts his pizza to his mouth when --
     WHAMM! The station doors burst open and two dozen GANG
     MEMBERS are bum-rushed into the room by a squad of COPS in
     riot gear. The screaming is deafening.












                I hate this place.




     The Ford Bronco roars up; snags the handicapped spot. Ryan
     hops out and limps theatrically the first few steps until
     he's far enough away from the car to start running.


                    
               I'm here.


     Cops try to wrangle the dozens of shouting GANG MEMBERS who
     cram the Station Desk, waiting to be booked.
     Ryan takes a deep breath and shoves his way through the
     mayhem to the extremely shorthanded Station Desk where:


     is busy doing ten things at once. Signing release papers.
     Booking a DRUNK whose wife-beater Tee is drenched in blood,
     Etc.


               Excuse me, officer --
     But Mooney ignores him in favor of the three cops that
     suddenly need arrest sheets signed.


               Hey, I've got an emergency here --
     Just then, CREWCUT OFFICER shoulders his way through with a
     cuffed CRACKHEAD TRANNIE in tow. The Trannie's wrists ache.


               Loosen these, man, please?! Jus'
               gimme a chance--


               Hey, Moon! Where do you want me to
               put Whitney Houston?


               Christ, I've only got two hands here!
               Stick him in the can, will ya?
     Crewcut nods and moves off towards the bathroom.


                    
               Come on, man! I've got some lady
               on the phone here who says she's
               been kidnapped!








     Ryan holds up the phone.         Mooney looks around.


                Nice try, kid, but I got no time
                for pranks.


                Seriously, a lady was murdered!


                Which is it, a kidnapping or a
                murder?


                Take the phone and find out moron!
     A COP snickers somewhere.




     Jessica holds her breath. She stares apprehensively at the
     attic door, praying for Mooney to just take the damn phone.


               Please. . .


     Ryan looks sincere.     Mooney deliberates, then sighs.


               Okay.   Give it here.
     Ryan thrusts the phone at him, happy to get rid of it.


                    
               Oh thank God! You've got to help
               me. My name's Jessica Martin and
               I've been kidnapped. This morning
               five men broke into my home in
               Brentwood and kidnapped--
     Mooney strains to hear.     His eyes go wide and he quickly jots
     notes on a pad.
     Mooney's eyes shift as three TWEAKERS, wide eyed and sweating
     profusely, are led inside by their ARRESTING OFFICERS.


               Ah shit.
     Mooney holds out the phone.


               Hurry kid, take this upstairs to
               Robbery/Homicide and ask for
               Detective Tomlin.










     Ryan reluctantly takes the phone back as more people converge
     on the Station Desk.


     Jessica hears the phone being shuffled around.


                Where?


                Hello?    Officer? Hello?!


     Mooney, recognizing an emergency when he hears one, ignores
     the incoming CROWD him long enough to assist Ryan.


               Up the stairs, Tomlin!
     Ryan turns away, and as he returns the cellphone to his ear,
     he's startled to hear--


               
               Oh my God...


               What? What is it?




     Jessica hears:




               Lady, what's going on?!
     Jessica drops the phone. Has just enough time to shove it
     behind her before -- SLAM! -- the attic door swings open and
     two of the masked kidnappers stride in. When they reach her,
     they stand silently, trying to unnerve her.


               Where's your husband?


               What?     I don't-
     The masked leader SLAPS HER SHARPLY across the face! Jessica
     wants to collapse to the ground, but remains sitting TO KEEP
     THE PHONE HIDDEN behind her.
     The Leader bends down and yells right in her face.












                 Where is he!?


                 At work!     Why, what do you want--?
      SLAP!!!   This one's even nastier than the first.








      Phone to his ear. Wide-eyed. Hearing it all.         For the first
      time, starting to believe Jessica's story.


                 Oh shit...
      Panicking, Ryan turns and walks, then jogs, then all-out runs
      for the station stairwell.




-v
      The Lead Kidnapper stands ominously over the trembling
      Jessica -- Oh God! Does he see the phone cord?


                 Please, he should be at work!
                 That's all I know.
      The Leader nods, then turns away. Jessica exhales with
      relief that he didn't spot the phone. But her victory is
      short-lived as:


                You have a little boy, right? Ricky?
                The Wyman School in Westwood?
      Jessica gasps like a sledgehammer just hit her in the chest.






      But -- the men silently head out the door -- SLAM!       The door
      locks. Jessica scrambles back to the phone.


                Johnny!!






                I know.    I'm trying to get help.












                My son --
     Suddenly, as Ryan reaches the first landing -- STATIC starts
     breaking up the call.


               
               Oh my God! What's happening?!


               It's just static. I'm running
               upstairs to the detectives. Hold
               on, I might lose you for a sec--


                    
               No, don't! Stop. You can't lose
               me--


                    
               Wait, we're almost there.


                   
               Stop! Johnny, goddamn it, stop!


     Hearing her fearful tone, Ryan stops reluctantly.


               Well, what the hell am I supposed
               to do?!
     Ryan looks at himself, standing on the stairs like an idiot.


               Jesus!   I'm almost there!
     Ryan checks the SIGNAL STRENGTH INDICATOR on the phone.
     There's only one bar left. Defiantly, Ryan takes a step
     UP...and the bar DISAPPEARS. He quickly hops BACK DOWN.


               Crap!
                    




     There's no response.   Ryan can't believe this.


               You're shitting me.


               Johnny, what time is it?! Johnny!


               
               Who? Oh -- one-twenty.










                


     Jessica calms herself, resolving to save her child's life.


                Johnny, listen to me. My son's
                school lets out at 1:45.


                Good, then if I get a cop--
     Ryan exits the stairwell to find Mooney -- but Mooney's not
     there anymore! There's some NEW GUY -- and he's SWAMPED!


                No. There's not enough time. You
                have to pick him up before they--


               Pick him up? Hell no, lady!     I
               ain't goin' nowhere else--
     Ryan tries to get the NEW GUY's attention, in a dream.


               Please please stop standing there!
               He 's just a little boy!


               But I'm in a police station!


               Go!
     Ryan grunts in frustration.




     ECU - THE FORD BRONCO'S TIRES -- Burning rubber...




     The furniture in this abandoned house is all covered with
     sheets giving the entire place a creepy, haunted feel.
     FOLLOW the LEAD KIDNAPPER as he descends a nearby stairwell
     and pulls off his mask--


     Forties, salt and pepper hair.    He looks to his crew:












     They're all trim. Athletic. In good shape. They're
     UNMASKED, watching the TV with interest. The news on the
     corruption scandal.
     Greer snaps the TV off.     Checks his watch and nods grimly.


               Go get the kid.
     Instantly, a hulk of a man  and an arrogant, red-
     headed prick  stand and exit the house.
     As Greer stalks away( BOOM DOWN the bar to REVEAL a telephone
     sitting there, unnoticed by the men -- and on its face, the
     LINE-IN-USE INDICATOR LIGHT is lit.
     PUSH IN on the flashing orange light that threatens to give
     Ryan and Jessica's call away. Closer and closer, until we
     ENTER the phone and TRAVEL THROUGH THE WIRES to --


     As we PULL BACK we see that we're in the Ford Bronco, racing
     through:


     Ryan guns the engine as Jessica panics on the other end of
     the phone. We can hear her hyperventilating.






               Where are you now?!


               I just got off the 405.


               You've got to go faster, Johnny!


               You've gotta chill! You're
               stressing the crap out of me!
                   
               Where the hell is a cop hiding in a
               speed trap when you need one?
     Ryan takes a hard right, tires squealing.    Pushing it against
     his better judgment.


               What do these guys want, anyway?


               How should I know?!


               What do you do?


               I'm an obstetrician. They don't
               want anything from me.








     Ryan slaloms around other cars like a racecar driver.


                So your husband's like, uber-rich?


                What--? No. He's an accountant.
                I make more money than he does.


                Could they've mistaken you for
                someone else?


                No! I don't know.    None of this
                makes any sense.
     Jessica starts losing it completely, upsetting Ryan so much
     that he takes the next corner too fast and -- SKKRRASH! --


     The BRONCO EXPLODES through an orange-and-white "ROAD CLOSED"


     And dead ahead is a CONSTRUCTION CREW resurfacing the road!


               Oh...SHIT!!
     Ryan SLAMS on the brakes and SWERVES to avoid hitting a group
     of workers -- and OBLITERATES THE BRONCO'S PASSENGER SIDE
     MIRROR against another BARRIER --
     Ryan cringes with every muscle!
     And the mirror ricochets off the ground -- and smashes
     through the windshield of a recently waxed Acura Legend!


               
               ...Ain't that a bitch.
     As the heavily-muscled workers start running to beat the shit
     out of him, Ryan floors the gas, sending a shower of wet
     asphalt all over the cursing workers as he peels away,
     CRASHING through a FINAL BARRIER.
     More cautiously, Ryan rounds the next corner and --


               There's the school.
     Ryan's right.   Just ahead, we see:




        private prep school for boys. Ryan pull: A private prep
       it. Walks quickly toward the building.    school for
                                                 boys. Ryan
     pulls over and hops
     out,














                Okay, I'm here.


                How much time do we have?
     Ryan checks his watch.     It reads:   "1:40 PM".   He enters.


               Five minutes. What's your kid's name?


               Ricky.


               Ricky what?


               Martin.


               Ricky Martin? You named your kid
               Ricky Martin?! Why didn't you
               tattoo "kick me" on his ass while
               you were at it?


               He was named before the singer ever-


               Forget it.     What does he look like?


               He's eight years old. Blonde hair.
               Green eyes. Small for his age.
               He's wearing a light blue shirt and
               dark blue pants--


               They're all wearing blue shirts and
               pants!
     Ryan turns down a hallway and we see that he's right.      It's
     filled with IDENTICALLY-UNIFORMED LITTLE BOYS.
     As a TIMID BLONDE BOY passes in front of him, Ryan grabs him
     and wheels him around.


               Ricky Martin?
     The Boy's eyes get huge.     He tries to pull away.


               Don't touch me!


               No, kid, it's okay!    I didn't mean
               to--












                Help!   Don't touch me!   Don't touch!!
     Ryan quickly moves on... aware that other ADULTS are now
     beginning to take notice of him.


                Does he have anything else? A
                jacket? A backpack? What's his
                lunch box look like?


                I don't remember.


                You don't remember your own kid's
                lunch box?!


               I don't pack it! Rosario, our
               housekeeper does! Sometimes Craig,
               but...
     Jessica begins to sob, which causes Ryan to panic further.


               Ricky Martin, where are you!?
     None of the Stepford kids respond.


               
               I wish I could give you more.
     Now Ryan's running.    He yells into a BATHROOM.


               Ricky Martin?


               Can I help you, sir?
     Ryan turns to see a MUSCULAR GYM TEACHER looming there.
     Clearly, the guy thinks Ryan's peeping into the boys' room.


               I'm looking for a little blond boy--
                    
               --No, no! Not like that!


               Sir, come with me, please!
     Ryan isn't going anywhere. And that's when the BELL RINGS.
     Like a nightmare, HUNDREDS OF UNIFORMED LITTLE BOYS come
     racing out of their classes.


               Oh shit...








     As the boys stampede by, Ryan yanks the WHISTLE from around
     the Gym Teacher's thick neck and starts blowing it like
     crazy.








               WHERE RICKY MARTIN IS?1 I can't
               believe I'm yelling this at an all-
               boys school.
     All hell is breaking loose. The kids ignore him. The huge
     Gym Teacher races after him. Jessica yells in his ear.


               Was that the bell? Was that the
               bell?!


               Yes.    RICKY! RICKY MARTIN!!
     Ryan wades through the sea of uniforms.


               He'11 go to the parents' pick-up
               spot. Oh God, they're going to get
               him!


     Ryan turns around and starts bulling through.    The Gym
     Teacher violently grabs his arm and yanks--


               Where do you think you're going?
     --causing the phone to fly out of Ryan's hand and --crack!--
     hit the pavement.


               No--!
     Ryan tugs his arm free and races to the phone.   The LCD
     display GLASS is cracked into a SPIDERWEB.


               
               Jessica? You still there?!


               Yes?
     Relieved, Ryan turns and races for the front of the school.


               No one's gonna get your kid!    He's
               not slow, is he?


               What--?   No!












               Then he won't go anywhere with
               strangers.


               Unless they have our Escalade. Ricky'11
               think it's Rosario and hop right in!
     She's got a point. Ryan picks up the pace and arrives at the
     pick-up spot. Scans the lot.


               What color?


               Black!


               
               Of course it is.
     PAN AROUND to see what Ryan sees -- three black Cadillac
     Escalades.


               There's three of them.    What's your
               plate?


               4..7..wait, no...3 -- Oh my God, I
               don't remember!


               Like you don't remember the lunch
               box? Or anything else about your
               kid--
                    
               Oh, man. This is a prank, isn't
               it?


               No!


               Bullshit! Oh, you're good lady.
               Your friends too. Getting me to
               scream out 'Ricky Martin' at a boys
               school. Damn, you really nailed
               me.


               No--


               This is great, the police think I'm
               a whack job. The school thinks I'm
               some kind of perv child molester.
               I'll probably get the Herpes from
               the gym teacher's whistle --












                No, Johnny, you have to listen to
                me-- /.'
     But Ryan's had enough.     He turns to leave --


               I'm done being your entertainment for
               the day. I'm going back to the pier
               while I still have a chance --
     -- and passes right by a blonde-haired, green-eyed, EIGHT-
     YEAR-OLD BOY carrying a Lord of the Rings lunchbox. Ryan
     hesitates and is about to stop the kid...but then decides
     "screw it", and keeps on hoofing.
     Ryan rounds a corner to leave -- and is confronted by the Gym
     Teacher and a RENT-A-COP SECURITY GUARD.


               Here he is! He's the one that's
               been stalking the students.


               Stalking?!     No, I can explain--
     The Rent-a-Cop mumbles into his walkie.


               Okay, we got him. We're at the
               front of the school.
                    
               Sir, come with us.


                   
               Hey, HEY RENT-A-DUDE--!!    Hang on a
               sec! This is a huuuge
               misunderstanding--
     A little RENT-A-COP CAR  pulls
     up in the driveway below. The Security Guard starts forcibly
     leading Ryan toward it, but as he gets close--


                    
               Lord of the Rings! I forgot his
               father bought him a Lord of the
               Rings lunchbox last week!
     Ryan's heart stops in his chest. He turns to see the Boy
     with the Lord or the Rings lunchbox racing down the school
     steps and up to one of the waiting Escalades.


                   


     The Boy opens the car door...but turns as he hears his name
     called. For the briefest moment, Ricky and Ryan lock eyes--














         --and that's when a HAND reaches out, snags his backpack and
         YANKS Ricky into the dark of the car! Instantly, the door
         slams shut and the Escalade begins to take off.
         WHIP PAN to Ryan's shocked reaction. He's the only one who's
         seen it. He tries to struggle free of the Guard.


                    Oh shit!    You just see that?!
         Losing control of Ryan, the Rent-a-Cop calls to his partner
         in the car.


                    Roy, some help over here!
         Below, the Escalade is leaving the driveway.


                        
                   Goddamn it, that little kid was
                   just kidnapped!! Do something!!


                   Roy--! !
         The second Rent-a-Cop, hops out of his car and runs over, but
         as he gets near -- Ryan breaks free!






         They chase after him, but Ryan hops over the hood of the
         idling RENT-A-COP CAR and throws himself into its driver's
         seat.
         Rent-a-Cop #1 reaches through the open window and grabs
         Ryan's collar -- and is dragged twenty feet as Ryan throws
         the little car in gear and burns away.


         Trying to catch the Escalade, a quarter-mile ahead. Ryan
         feels completely conspicuous in the security car as he
         slaloms through the streets of East Hollywood.


                   What's happening, Ryan?!


                   Don't worry, I can fix this.


                   Oh my God.
         There are three cars between Ryan and the Escalade.


                   It's okay, I can see them ahead.










                  Don't lose them! If you follow them
                  back here, you can tell the police
                  where they're holding us!


                  Okay.




     The mountainous Deason drives as Ellis sits shotgun. In the
     back sits Jessica's son, RICKY; who eyes the two men
     suspiciously. CCR plays on the RADIO.
      Ellis, turns down the radio.       Faking sincerity, he turns to
      face Ricky.


                       
                  Do you want me to change the
                  station to something else?
     Ricky refuses to answer.        Ellis turns around, his fake smile
     quickly vanishing.


                  Yeah.   I like Creedence too.
     He's about to turn the radio volume up when --


                  Where's Rosario?


                  I told you, kid, she had a doctor's
                  appointment, so your mother asked
                  us to pick you up. Don't worry,
                  you'll see your mommy in a few
                  minutes.
     Ricky nods... but we can tell by the look on his face that
     he's not buying their story one bit.




     Cautiously, so as not to give himself away, Ryan PASSES one
     commuter car. Then the next. Narrowing the gap between the
     rent-a-cop car and the Escalade to one last auto.
     It takes Ryan literally standing on the gas pedal to get up
     enough speed to get around the final car. Now the Escalade
     is dead ahead. Ryan begins gently closing the distance
     between them, and is just starting to relax, when--


     merges into traffic from a Bus Stop right ahead of him!














       Ryan SLAMS on his breaks and is forced to crawl along at a
 ainful 25 m.p.h.. Worse, he has his view of the Escalade
glocked by the bus' titanic silver ass.


                Johnny!


                Damn!     There's this stupid bus--
      Ryan jags left and right, catching glimpses around the bus of
      the Escalade still ahead.


                
                Come on!
      But the bus doesn't pull over. Ryan tries flashing the
      security car's CLEAR BUBBLE LIGHTS on the roof, but who the
      hell would pull over for that? The bus sure doesn't.


                Jesus.'


                Can't you go around it?
      There's an ungodly amount of opposing traffic--
      But suddenly there's    a break in the  flow! Seizing the
      moment, Ryan SLAM-SH   IFTS the rent-a -cop car's uni-cylinder
      engine into gear and    starts to tear  around the bus -- but has
      to SWERVE BACK as a    SPEEDING TRASH  TRUCK rounds a bend and
      almost creams him!


                Goddamn it!


                What?!    Did you lose him? !


                No, I just almost got killed, is
                all.


                Oh thank God!


                Thank God?
                     
                That's nice.
     Just then, the bus signals that it's pulling over.


                Hey, here we go!








     As the bus pulls aside, Ryan floors the wanna-be cop car
     around it...but directly in front of him is a HOMELESS MAN,
     dressed like a sheik, dragging his caravan of TWO COVERED






     Ryan SLAMS on    the brakes, SWERVES HARD to avoid a collision --
     and loses cont   rol of the car! The rent-a-cop car goes POWER
     SLIDING across    oncoming traffic, HORNS BLARING AT HIM and
     heads straight    for a the FLOOR TO CEILING WINDOW of a CAR




     SMASH!!! The car goes through the window and RACES down the
     center aisle. CAR SALESMEN and PATRONS are forced to dive
     out of the way as the rent-a-cop car MOWS DOWN DISPLAYS and
     everything else in its path.




     The mountainous Deason drives. In back, Ellis sits with
     Jessica's son, RICKY, who eyes the two men suspiciously.
     CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL plays on the RADIO.


                    
               Anyone following us?
     Deason checks:


     We see the bus about five car lengths behind, but the rent-a-
     cop car is nowhere to be seen.
     Deason flashes an evil grin.


               Nan.




     The rent-a-cop car exits the dealership, SMASHING through
     another GLASS WINDOW!
     Ryan quickly regains control of the car and steers it back on
     the street. Only to find that the Escalade has disappeared!


               What's happening?! Are you okay?!














                What?!    Yo u lost--


                No, No!    just give me a second--
     As Jessica goes off, Ryan tosses the phone down and focuses
     on finding the Escalade. He floors the rent-a-cop car, engine
     CLATTERING, to the intersection.
     Ryan franticly searches in every direction, but the Escalade
     is nowhere to be seen. He floors it.


                Jesus!    Where the hell did they go?
     Dreading talking to Jessica, Ryan slowly picks up the
     receiver.


               Jessica, I--


               You let them get away.
     Ryan wants to snap at her, but guilt crushes it right out of
     him. He knows she's right.


j    INT. 15TH PRECINCT - LOCKER ROOM - DAY                           45
     Mooney changes out of his blues, his ears glued to THREE COPS
     in the corner, boasting about an arrest.


               -- so of course everyone's playing
               dumb to what kind of drugs he's on.
     The cops start to snicker; they've all heard that one before.


               So I start searching the place.
               I'm about to open a closet door
               when a kid with a Mac 10 jumps out
               of the bathroom. He shoots.
               Misses me and hits one of the
               E.M.T's. Fires again, but the gun
               jams and BAM! Blows half his face
               off. Had enough black tar heroin
               in the closet to resurface the 405.
     Mooney tries to join in on the conversation.


               It must've been around '84, when...
     The Cops turn around, while grabbing their stuff.










               Sorry Moon, we're late for a
               briefing.
     Mooney waves them on, but looks disappointed for not being
     able to join in.


               I'll bet in your day you had some
               stories.
     Mooney whips his head around to see DETECTIVE JACK TOMLIN.


               Hey Tomlin.


               Taking off?


                    
               My anniversary. You know, duty
               calls; pricey dinner and then some
               crap-ass play.
                    
               Hey, I sent some college kid down
               to see you this morning. Had some
               rap about a kidnapping --


               I haven't seen anyone, but I'll ask
               around. Kidnapping, huh?


               I thought it was a prank at first,
               but the kid was so worked up--


               Well, don't you get worked up.
                    
               If the kid comes back, page me, and
               I'll be sure to see him.


                    
               Yeah. Okay, Jack. Thanks.
     And as Tomlin walks off --




     Ryan lead-foots the gas. The speedometer climbs.   Forty.
     Fifty. Sixty miles an hour.


               Look, Johnny, you've got to go back
               to the cops--












                 Are you high?! I just jacked a car!


                 Goddamn it, stop thinking about
                 just yourself! You can explain
                 everything to them later!






                 What now?
     Ryan pulls the phone away from his ear and checks it out.


     The BATTERY INDICATOR is flashing:         LOW BATT.   LOW BATT.


                 Great!   Now the battery's dying.


                Don't you have a charger?


                It's in my car!      Hold on.
     SFX:   BEEP-BEEP!    The battery indicator has lost another bar.
     Ryan fumbles around in the armrest. Finds nothing. Opens
     the glovebox and -- a snub-nosed .38 SPECIAL tumbles out.


                Jesus -- !


                What's going on? Did you find one?


                     
                Not exactly...
     SFX:   BEEP-BEEP!!     Jessica starts growing afraid.


                Johnny, don't lose me!


                Well what the hell do you expect me
                to do?!
     Just then, Ryan rounds a corner -- and sees traffic GRIDLOCKED
     to a halt ahead. He tries to maneuver around it, but is
     almost immediately boxed in.




                Johnny--!










                 I know, Jessica!
     The phone starts a STEADY BEEPING now, dying imminent. And
     traffic isn't going anywhere. Ryan looks around desperately.
     Nothing. No emergency lane. No shoulder. Just a long drop
     down a HILL to a strip mall below--
     STRIP MALL?! Ryan scans it and does a double-take on one of
     the store's signs: "VERIZON WIRELESS".
     Traffic inches forward. Now he sees an OFF-RAMP a quarter-
     mile ahead -- but at this rate, it'll take forever to make it
     there.


     Ryan's got to do something.      Now.


                 You know that money you promised me?


                 Yes.


                 I'm giving myself a raise.


     And with that, Ryan CRANKS the steering wheel hard right and
     HITS THE GAS!   Despite other drivers' protests, the little
     Rent-a-Cop vehicle blasts across the gridlock, TEARS through
     the rusty GUARD RAIL and -- VROOOOM! -- flies off the side of
     the hill!
     Ryan lets out a frightened yell as he SAILS through the clear
     blue sky.




     THUMP! The Rent-a-Cop car touches down on a steep downslope.
     Ryan struggles to control the bucking automobile,
     miraculously avoiding the minefield of ROCKS and TREE STUMPS.
     He needs both hands for the job and holds the phone by its
     antenna in his teeth.
     There's so much noise, the only thing Jessica could possibly
     hear is a CACOPHONY OF NOISE and Ryan HYPERVENTILATING.


                What's going on?!


                     
                mmmrrmph mrm mrmph!
     Ryan is bounced around like a corn kernel in a popper until
     the car hits a jutting rock and -- WHOOOOM! -- goes up on two
     wheels. It looks like it's going to roll but gravity brings






     it back down -- SLAMM! -- so hard that the phone goes flying
     across the car!


                Shit!
     Ryan scrabbles for the phone -- but gives it up when he
     bounces over a rise and sees A BILLBOARD DEAD AHEAD!




     Ryan whips the wheel and navigates the little car between the
     billboard's concrete posts, but -- WHAM! -- obliterates the
     rent-a-cop's BUBBLE LIGHTS on the billboard's lower edge.
     Somehow, Ryan muscles the bucking econocar safely down the
     rest of the hill and into the strip mall parking lot, where
     it SKIDS OUT.


                
                Jessica?! Can you hear me?!


                I'm here!
     Ryan hops out and races inside--


     And of course, they're having a sale and the place is packed.
     Every SALESPERSON is beyond busy in the feeding frenzy.


     Panicking, Ryan pushes his way to the front of the counter --


                Hey, what do you think you're
                doing? There's a line!
     -- to the OVERLY-PERKY SALESMAN helping someone else.


                ..and if you get the new Nokia
                9200, you can switch out faceplates
                to match your mood! And we have a
                special today on tiger stripes...
                Are you feeling fierce?
     The salesman makes a playful paw swipe with his hand.


                Oh, how fun!


                Excuse me--


                I'm sorry, sir, I'm with a customer
                now.










                       (indicates a number
                       dispenser)
                  But if you take a number, someone
                  will be with you shortly.
       Ryan glances at the dispenser. A BIG YELLOW SMILEY FACE with
       tickets ejected from the mouth. The next ticket it offers is
       "#97"...and the Now-Serving Display on the wall reads "#71".


       Just then, a BUSY SALESWOMAN walks by.     Ryan grabs her.


                  Hey! Hey!      I've got an emergency
                  here --


                  Sorry, I'm on break--


                  Damn it, will you listen to me?!
                  I've got a life and death call on
                  this phone and my battery's dying!
                  Do you have a charger?


                  Sure.
                       
                  Take a number and one of the sales
                  associates will grab you one when
                  your turn comes up.






                  Bu t-- !


       Ryan breaks out in a cold sweat. Can't catch his breath. As
       a SALESWOMAN rushes by, Ryan reaches for her.


                  Help, I --


                  Take a number.
       The room starts spinning around him. It's clear no one's
       going to help him. Like the clap of doom, the NOW-SERVING
       DISPLAY on the wall flips happily to "#72"




       Frantic, Ryan glances at the phone. And just as the last
       BATTERY BAR on the power indicator FLICKERS and DISAPPEARS --


                  Aw, screw this...
       -- Ryan pulls the rent-a-cop's big .38 SPECIAL from his
       pocket and BLOWS THE SMILEY FACE DISPENSER TO DUST!








     Instantly, people hit the dirt.


                Oh look! Now serving thirty eight
                special!
                     














     Mooney exits the mayhem of the s   tation and walks to a SQUAD
     CAR. Gets in. As he pulls his      seatbelt on, something
     CRINKLES in his breast pocket.     He pulls it out -- the SCRAP
     OF PAPER where the scribbled the    words "JESSICA MARTIN" and
     "BRENTWOOD" when Ryan handed him    the phone.
     Mooney crumples the paper and is about to throw it away...but
     stops himself. He stares at the words, then unable to let it
     go, punches keys on the MOBILE DATA TERMINAL. A name and
     address appear on the screen:




     Mooney stares at the name. Then, after a moment, he sighs
     and pulls a LA LAKERS cellphone from his coat. Dials.


               Hi, honey. Yeah, I'm gonna be a
               few minutes late...
     And as Mooney closes the door and starts up the engine--




     We PAN PAST PHOTOGRAPHS of Jessica's family over to-
     AN ANSWERING MACHINE RINGS... ANSWERS.    We hear Jessica's
     outgoing message, then a BEEP and-


                    
               Jessica? Damn, where are you?
                    
               I called earlier and... Jess, I'm
               in serious trouble. I can't explain
               right now, but we're all in danger.
               Please, just grab Ricky and meet me
               in left field.
     PAN UP to an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN listening to the machine.














     Just as the phone literally dies -- Ryan rips a new CHARGER
     from its packaging, slaps it into the phone and voila, it
     begins CHARGING.


                Whew!   That was so no bueno!


                You found a charger?


               Among other things...
     Ryan glances at piles of phone gear he's appropriated from
     Verizon. EARBUD MIKES. MANUALS. RECEPTION BOOSTERS.


     Ryan fiddles with the now war-torn phone.


               Thank you for doing all this,
               Johnny.


               Yeah, look, about that...
                    
               My-name isn't really Johnny
               Fountain.


               Good, it sounded like a porn star
               name.
                    
               It's okay. I know. You don't have
               to tell me --


               It's Ryan. Ryan Ackerman. I'm a
               bar-back. I'm twenty-two, and just
               a little freaked out right now.
     Jessica is moved with emotion by his honesty.


               Thank you, Ryan.
     But before they can say any more, suddenly--


     Jessica JUMPS with a start. Tries to push the PHONE GUTS
     behind a beam with her foot as Greer enters -- but fails.
     The receiver sits in front of the beam, EXPOSED!
     Greer crosses the room and sits on a box next to Jessica.    He
     stares at her for long, uncomfortable moments. Then:












                Do you want to die here?
     Jessica drains white -- Does he see the phone?!




     Slams on the brakes and skids up to the curb.      Covers the
     mouthpiece.


                Oh shit!


     Greer's question still hangs in the air.


               N-no...
     Jessica scoots away, trying to draw Greer's eyes in another
     direction from the phone that lies OUT IN THE OPEN.


                ...but I am going to, aren't I?


               Up to you. Your husband left a
               message asking you to meet him in
               left field. Where's that?




               What?   I don't understand--?
     Greer winds up and BAM! Hits Jessica in the stomach, knocking
     the wind out of her and causing her to fall to the ground.


               --A base ball field !? Wh ich o ne
               does he mean?!


                    
               I... I don't know what you want me
               to say. I swear--


               Shut up!!! Which field?! He
               wouldn't leave a message that
               didn't make sense to you!
     Greer tightens his fist and is about to hit Jessica again--


               Wait! The bleachers behind left
               field at Dodger Stadium! That's
               where we first met.








      Greer stares at Jessica for a long uncomfortable moment,
      searching her soul. She's lying.


                  Please! Believe me. That has to
                  be where he means. I swear to God.
     Then he stands, looking away for just a moment -- but long
     enough for Jessica to NUDGE the phone back behind the beam!


                  Working in my profession as long as
                  I have, you begin to recognize the
                  truth when you hear it.
     Jessica, trembling, hangs on Greer's every word.


                      
                  Go to the window, Jessica. There's
                  something I want you to see.
     Relieved at hiding the phone, Jessica gets up and moves to
     the attic window -- and GASPS.


     Down in the yard below, Jessica's eleven-year-old son Ricky
     stands uncomfortably in the middle of a basketball half-court
     as one of the kidnappers (a severe-looking ex-con named
     HODGES) stands nearby, watching.


     Jessica's knees nearly buckle.


                  Ricky!


     Hodges looks up and sees Jessica's face in the window.   Then
     turns and tosses a basketball to Ricky.


                  Shoot hoops.


                  I..   I don't feel like it.


                       
                  Shoot.
     Nervously, Ricky begins to bounce the ball.


     Jessica sees her son start shooting the ball -- completely
     oblivious to Hodges, who flicks open his coat, revealing
     SILENCED PISTOL tucked into his waistband.












               You have three seconds to tell me
               where he really is or you're going
               to a funeral.




     Ryan's listening.     Helpless.   There's nothing he can do.


               Oh Jesus!    Oh Jesus!!


     Jessica drains ghost-white. On the verge of passing out.
     Down below, Ricky shoots baskets, unaware of Hodges closing
     his hand around his gun.


               One.. .


               Please!     Please, believe me!
     Ricky plays innocently -- while Hodges now COCKS his pistol.


               Two.
     Frantic, Jessica locks eyes with Hodges, silently pleading
     for him not to do this. Hodges stares back with glacial ice.


                   
               Please, he's just a child!




     Ryan is more frenzied than Jessica.


                    
               Goddamn it, listen to her!     She
               doesn't know!!


     Ricky backs up to retrieve a high rebound. Jessica watches
     in horror as Hodges begins to slowly DRAW HIS GUN.


               No...no.'    I swear that's all I
               know!
     Greer gives a sigh of disbelief --












                  Thre--


                  OKAY! ... okay...
                       
                  LAX Airport! There's a bar called
                  Left Field. That's where we met.
                  We were in college on our way to
                  Mardi-gras.




       Ryan's completely floored by Jessica's admission.     She knew
       all along?




                 Please God, I swear that's the
                 truth. Don't kill my son!


                      
                 Most people don't get past two.
       Greer signals, and:


       Hodges tucks his gun away...just as Ricky turns around.     The
       kid startles that Hodges was so close.


                 Okay, kid.     Let's go.


       Jessica watches as her son is led away to the GUEST HOUSE
       across the yard. Once he's inside and out of view, Jessica
       collapses in a heap on the floor.
       Greer is about to exit the attic -- when Jessica speaks.


                 You won't get away with this.
                 When I didn't show up at the
                 hospital, someone must have called
                 the police--


                 The police are the last people on
                 earth I'm worried about...
       Greer pulls a Police Scanner out of his jacket and shows it
       to Jessica.














      listening to the call with every fiber of his being.


                  We get one hit on the scanner about
                  you, we'll be picking out family
                  plots, comprende?
      Suddenly, a HUMMER, with the BASS THUMPING at ear-shattering
      decibels, pulls alongside Ryan's car. DMX.












      Jessica hears it first. The pumping cacophony coming from
      the phone behind the beam. It's subtle at first, but grows
      increasingly louder. She closes her eyes, praying Greer
      won't hear it--
      But Greer does hear it. On the verge of leaving the room,
      Greer stops. Cocks an ear. Instantly, Jessica tries to
      cover it with her own voice.


                  Do you honestly expect me to
                  believe we're going to walk away
                  from this alive?
      But Greer isn't listening to her. He strides back into the
      room, listening to the noise under her voice.


                       
                  Shut up.


      Oblivious of Jessica desperately trying to clue him in.


                  How can I SHUT UP? You threaten to
                  kill my child and you expect me to
                  act like a MUTE?! If this --
      Suddenly, it hits Ryan like a punch to the face.     And he
      scrambles, trying to cover the phone.


                  Oh shit!   Where's mute?!




                  ...your child, then--










     BLAMM!! -- Greer shoots a hole in the wall next to Jessica's
     head. Afraid, she shuts her mouth... and prays.




     Ryan finds the MUTE BUTTON.      Presses it and--


     Greer listens intently... and HEARS NOTHING but silence in
     the still attic. Soon, he turns to leave. Only when he's
     gone does Jessica's heart start beating again.




     The HUMMER finally pulls away.




                  NIGGAS) they would ...
     As the thumping bass subsides, Ryan sighs with relief.


                                                                              x - &gt;




     Deason and Ellis wait for Greer, who enters, pulling off his
     mask.


                  Well?


                  The Left Field sports bar at LAX.


                  Are you positive?
     Greer ignores him.    Then turns to Deason.


                  Tell Hodges we move in ten.
     Deason nods and moves off.




     Jessica lies on the floor, sobbing into her knees.
     Soft as an insect's buzz, we can hear Ryan calling to her on
     the broken phone.












               Jessica...? Answer me, goddamn it I
     Soon, his voice pierces the suffocating gloom around her and
     she crawls desperately over to it.




     Ryan's freaking out.


               I'm here.


               You all right?!     I thought they--


               I'm okay.


               What are you doing?    Why'd you lie
               to them?




                    
               Do you think I like gambling with
               my son's life?


               I can't tell. You seem pretty good
               at it --


               Don't you see, Ryan? Once they get
               Craig, we're all gonna die.


               You can't know that for sure.


               Be realistic. Does letting us live
               benefit them in any way? No! The
               only chance he's got is if you can
               get to the airport and find him
               before they do.


               Wait, wait--!


               Ryan, please! There's no time!
               Just get to the airport--


               It's suicide. They'll kill me!












                They won't! You're invisible to
                them! They don't know who you are.
                They don't know anything about you.
                Please! You've got to try!


                Lady, I've jacked two cars, been
                accused of being a child molester,
                obliterated a car dealership, and
                busted three caps in a Verizon
                store. -- Don't tell me I'm not
                trying!
     Jessica tries another tack.


               Look, I have no right to ask you
               this Ryan, but you re my family's
               only chance...and I am asking.
     Something in the way she says that last sentence, a mixture
     of strength and vulnerability, gets through to Ryan.
     And against his own will, he's swayed.


                    
               I'll get the phone to your husband,
               but that's gotta be it, okay?!






     Ryan, heading toward the airport, floors the gas.




     A PATROL CAR prowls down a quaint residential block. Comes
     to a stop in the driveway of what we know to be Jessica
     Martin's house. Mooney gets out. Knocks.
     The door opens, revealing the ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WOMAN from
     before.


               Ms. Martin?


               Yes?


               Jessica Kate Martin?
     The Woman nods. Mooney is plainly disillusioned by the
     woman. Maybe his hunch was wrong...


               Cam I help you, Officer...?
     She scans Mooney's badge.












                Mooney.
                     
                No. No, I guess not. Must've been
                a prank. I m sorry to have
                b9thered you, Ms. Martin. Have a
                nice day.
     The Woman smiles and nods, and Mooney walks off. When he
     gets to his car, he CRUMPLES the paper with Jessica's name
     and address, and shakes his head, chuckling at himself.
     As Mooney drives off--


     walks back into the house and flips open her CELLPHONE. When
     she finishes dialing, a familiar DEEP MALE VOICE answers.


                Hello?


                It's Bayback. Remember the Fusco
                brothers?
     Silence.


                Well, I've got an itch that needs
                scatching.






     Too close to make out who it is just yet--


                What's the problem?


                We're in the middle of a shit
                storm, and I need you to put a
                leash put on an officer.


                Who?


                An Officer Mooney from your
                division. Know him?
     Now, we start PULLING BACK, revealing the man's features.


                Mooney? He's a desk sergeant.      What
                would you want with him?












               I had to do a B &amp; E and he came
               snooping around the house looking
               for the owner.


               And what did you say?


               That I was her, of course.
     Continue PULLING BACK.   We can almost recognize him now...


               Did he believe you?


               I think so. He said he thought
               someone was pulling a prank on him.


               Mooney doing an investigation?
               What's are you really up to?
     The man swivels around in his chair and we see clearly it's--


               And no bullshit. Right now you're
               entire department's hot, so if I'm
               gonna get in the tub, I've got to
               know how deep it is.




     Ryan drives like madman toward the airport, blowing through
     lights. Jessica is frantic.


               Where are you now?!


               I'll be at the airport in twenty
               minu --


               Twenty minutes! Oh my God, Ryan,
               you've got to drive faster! Please--


                    
               Jessica, this car has a sewing
               machine for an engine! I can't go
               any faster!


               Sorry.   I just...












     Jessica's voice trails off as she catches a glimp se of
     herself in an OLD MIRROR standing in the corner.  Bruised.
     Clothes torn. Staring at her own cracked reflect  ion, she
     breaks down, but silently this time, locked in he r own
     personal hell.
     For Ryan, the silence is deafening. Despite his frantic
     driving, he feels her pain. And hates being unable to help.


               Jessica... ?
     There's an emotional beat, then--


               Do you think God will forgive me?


               What do you mean--?


               For what I've done...   For giving
               up Craig...
     Ryan is moved by the emotion in her voice.


               Jessica, they have your kid. You
               had no choice.


               I don't know. I don't know...


               1 know. I heard what they were
               doing to you over there. You held
               out for as long as you could.


                    
               My son and I are going to die here,
               Ryan. They already have us. But
               maybe I could've saved Craig...
     The truth of this has a profound effect on Ryan. And just
     when Jessica is about to lose herself to despair --
     Ryan finds a resolve within himself even he didn't know he
     had.


               Jessica, listen to me. I promise
               you, I'm not going to let that
               happen. I could care less about
               your money. I'm risking my life
               cause I know I'm gonna get you and
               your family out of this. You hear
               what I'm sayin'?










     There is a moment between them, two people connecting on a
     human level...
     But the moment is suddenly cut short as a STATICKY VOICE
     start bleeding into their phone call -- some BRITISH ASSHOLE
     having his own phone call.


                -- Yeah, the show just bought me a
                Cadillac XLR convertible. No, you
                can't ride in it. Not until you do
                something with that road kill you
                call hair. And what's with your
                makeup? Kabuki Theatre is not in
                style --


                     
                Jessica? Are you still there?


                Hey, hey?!    This is a private call!
     Jessica's voice starts fading as the CROSSTALK gets worse.


               
               I'm..ere, but y...reaking up!


               Get off my line! Are you there?
               Mom? I


               Listen dude, this woman's in
               serious --


               --That's not my problem, lady.
     Lady?! Suddenly, STATIC starts drowning out Ryan's side of
     the call.


                    
               Jessica, don't hang up! You hear
               me?! Whatever happens --


               Look woman, tell your kidnapping
               story to someone who gives a shit.
     Ryan can't hear Jessica's side of the conversation; only the
     British Asshole's, which comes in loud and clear.


               Jessica?!     Jessica?!
     As Ryan goes mental, a CAR PASSES HIM on the opp9site side of
     the road -- a new Cadillac XLR convertible! Inside is an
     appropriately asshole-ish looking guy. He could only be the
     British Asshole.














                 Gotcha.
     Ryan pulls a HARROWING 180 DEGREE TURN, barely missing an
     oncoming car by inches.
     He RACES up to the Cadillac, which has a VANITY PLATE that
     reads, "IDOL MKR." Ryan looks through the window at --




     The driver, who in a typical LA celebrity sighting, turns out
     to be none other than SIMON COWELL, host of American Idol.
     Simon continues his spittle-spraying rant -- at no one.      It
     appears he's using the car's SPEAKERPHONE.




     Ryan eyes Simon's mouth while hearing:


                
                Murdered your housekeeper? Don't
                bullshit me; I work in the Industry
                that invented it you stupid COW!
     Ryan sees Simon Cowell MOUTH THE WORDS "STUPID COW" in synch
     with the conversation. BINGO!
     Ryan floors the Rent-a-cop car ahead of the Cadillac and
     PULLS A 90 DEGREE turn at an intersection; cutting Cowell
     off!
     SCREEEECH! Cowell, trying to avoid a collision, SLAMS on the
     brakes, causing the Cadillac to SKID twenty feet.
     Ryan jumps out of the rent-a-cop car he's left in the middle
     or the intersection and runs over to the Cadillac, banging on
     the window with the .38 Special.
     Cowell practically jumps out of his skin at the sight of the
     gun and the kid with the crazy look in his eyes.






                Give me that phone... or I shoot
                your car!
     Cowell is prepared to comply -- but suddenly behind them--












     -- Ryan notices a 10-TON SEMI heading straight for the Rent-a-
     cop car too late. The DRIVER SLAMS his brakes, but --




     EXPLODES into tiny pieces of junk as the semi PLOUGHS THROUGH
     IT! Flaming debris rains down around Ryan, and he covers his
     mouth, unable to believe his shitty luck.


                Ain't that a bitch!
     Ryan turns back to Simon Cowell.


                Out of the car! Now!
     Cowell all but dives out.


               Where's your phone?!


                It's on speaker!
     Ryan turns to the car.    Calls out.


               Jessica?


               Ryan?!    I'm here!
     Her voice says she can't believe her ears.
     Relieved, Ryan jumps in the Cadillac XLR and tosses his phone
     on the passenger seat, next to a LAPTOP computer. Guns the
     engine and STOMPS the gas.
     As he passes the ruins of his rent-a-cop car, he slows just
     enough to open the Cadillac's door and snatch up his bag of
     Verizon goodies laying on the pavement -- then peels away.
     Practically frothing at the mouth, Simon Cowell chases after
     on foot, cursing as his beautiful new Cadillac disappears in
     the distance --


               Your career's over!    YOU HEAR ME?!




     As Jessica's voice RESOUNDS around him, he notices the
     phone's controlled through the radio. He turns it up.


               
               I thought they... I thought I was--












                    You're okay. It's okay now.




         Along with the million other cars, FIND the Cadillac
         threading its way up to the main terminal.


         Ryan tries to avoid eye contact with the TRAFFIC COP
         assisting the flow of cars.


                    I'm here... Oh shit!
         SCREEEECH! Ryan steps on the brakes, seeing something ahead.
         WHIP PAN AROUND to see what Ryan's staring at. Just ahead,
         JESSICA'S ESCALADE is pulling up to the curb.


                    What?


                   Your car's here.
         Ryan pulls along side the red curb and watches as four tough-
         looking men exit the vehicle. We recognize them as Greer,
         Deason, Ellis and Hodges.


                   Hurry, Ryan! Just find Craig!
         Ryan hops out -- but stops when the car CALLS OUT TO HIM.


                   Wait, Ryan! What about me--?!
         Ryan searches the car and finds the HANDSET in the armrest.
         As he grabs it and races after Greer into the airport, a
         Traffic Cop comes up to the car.




         But it's too late.   Ryan's already gone.


         Greer and his men stride through the airport like sharks
         honing in on bleeding prey.
         Soon, the Kidnappers break up into two groups: Greer and
         Ellis heading for the DEPARTURE GATES; Deason and Hodges go
         the other way towards the INFORMATION KIOSK.


         Ryan heads toward the --












     Greer, who waits in the LINE OF PASSENGERS waiting to pass
     through airport's METAL DETECTORS. This is Ryan's chance.
     He cuts through the line.


               Oops. Excuse me. Pardon me. My
               grandmother needs her walker...
     Soon, he makes his way to the front, right behind Greer and
     BUMPS into him. As he does, NOTICE --
     ECU of Ryan slyly slipping the rent-a-cop's tiny .38 Special
     into Greer's heavy motorcycle jacket.
     Greer turns, glaring -- But no one's there.
     Greer looks around, and there's a heart-stopping moment that
     we're afraid he's going to notice Ryan, who now stands
     innocently the next line over--
     --but Greer's eyes pass right over him as he scans the crowd.
     Ryan breathes a sigh of relief as Greer finally turns away to
     walk through the metal detector and...


     ...sets off the alarm.


               Excuse me, sir. Would you mind
               emptying your pockets over here?
     Confused, Greer does. He lays his wallet on the table, then
     his keys... Then looks baffled as he pulls out -- the GUN 1


               Code red!     Code red!
     The response she gets is stunning. SECURITY GUARDS jump out
     of the woodwork with guns drawn. ALARMS go off. SECURITY
     GATES start coming down. Travelers start SCREAMING and








                   
               Wait, this is a mistake--




     As one, the entire security force POUNCES on Greer and Ellis,
     TACKLING them to the ground and IMMOBILIZING their limbs.








     And while that chaos is going on, Ryan slowly backs through
     to the metal detector...and starts running for Left Field.




     GREER AND ELLIS are crushed under the dogpile of security.
     Behind them, a door slams open and a formation of NATIONAL
     GUARDSMEN race on-scene, showing just how seriously security
     is taken in the wake of Sept. 11th.




     Ryan jogs down the concourse when--


               Attention travelers. Due to a
               security problem, all persons are
               required to clear the terminal and
               return immediately to the security
               checkpoint at the entrance to
               Concourse B...
     At once, everyone begins filing out of the terminal. Ryan
     looks like a salmon swimming upstream, the only figure moving
     against the tide of people rushing to get out.


               "Left Field" is in Terminal C.


               Listen to me! They're clearing the
               terminal. Before your husband passes
               me, what does he look like?


               He's thirty-eight. Six feet.     Trim
               build. Thinning hair...


                    
               That's not enough! What's he
               wearing?


               I don't know! We have completely
               different schedules. I was fast
               aslee p--
                    
               -- A suit... He wears glasses,
               thick rims, like Buddy Holly or--
     Bingo! The Buddy Holly glasses is what did it. Ryan sees a
     man in the distance hurrying in his direction -- CRAIG.


               Found him!








        And just as Ryan bee-lines it towards Craig--


        Excuse me, sir--
        Ryan turns and finds a NATIONAL GUARDSMAN right behind him.


                   You can't be here now. You have to
                   leave the area.


                  But --


                  Now, sir.
        And as Ryan is marched away he sees--




        Knees in their necks.    Hands covering their faces.


-- if you'd just listen to me! I
can explain! Someone reach into my
coat pocket! Goddamn it, reach
into my pocket!


         A YOUNG GUARDSMAN does -- and in a big reveal, we see that he
         WITHDRAWS A BADGE. A Los Angeles policeman's badge...
       Ryan's jaw drops.      He can't believe it -- they're cops?!


                  Hey, this one's on the job.


                  Holy shit, Jessica, these guys are
                  cops!


                  What?!
       The Guardsman's SUPERIOR OFFICER examines it.      Is it real?


                  Run it.
                  (the Guardsman runs off;
                  turns back to Greer)
                  Is that your gun?


                       
                  --yes. Yes. It's my piece.


                  Well, you're supposed to declare it.












                I know. We just got focused on a
                rabbit we're here to nab.
     Just then, the Young Guardsman returns.


                He's clean. Badge matches his I.D.


                
                Unhook 'em. Stand down security.




     Ryan looks relieved when the airport's alarms SHUT OFF._ The
     P.A. system cheerily thanks everyone for their cooperation
     and, all around, security gates begin to rise.


                    
               Hey, can I go now? Can I go?!
     The Guard nods, and Ryan takes off like a shot, racing back
     towards the bar.
     Ryan spots Craig Martin outside the Left Field sports bar.
     Ryan grabs him by the elbow and starts hustling him through
     the concourse.


               Hey, what the hell?!    Get your
               hands off m--!!


               Shut up and keep walking. If they
               see us they'll kill us both.


               What--?


               Your wife sent me.


               She did?   But how--?


               Would you hurry your ass?! You
               need to hide. They're here, and
               they're looking for you. They
               already have your family.
     Craig looks at him, growing terrified.


               In here!










     Ryan pulls Craig into the MENS RESTROOM.






                I don't understand--


               It's okay. She'll explain it to you.
                   
               Okay, Jessica, I'm handing you over now.




     Relief can be traced on Jessica's face.


                   
               Ryan, you've done so much.     I don't
               know how to repay you...
     An awkward, emotional pause falls between them.


               Forget about the cash. Just get you
               and y9ur son home safely and we'll
               call it even.


               I will.   I promise.


               I know you will.
     RYAN hands the cellphone over to Craig.


               I'm gonna be outside this door.
               Don't come out unless I get you.
               Got it?


               
               Okay.
     Ryan walks out the restroom door as Craig puts the phone to
     his ear. He sighs with relief -- it's finally over.




     GREER and ELLIS stride toward the bar.










                     
                Nice move. What the hell you bring
                a gun for?


                I didn't.


                   
               What do you mean?


               Just keep your eyes open!
               Something weird is going on.
     Greer stares daggers at everyone he passes.
     Ellis Io9ks around before glancing down at a PHOTO COPY of a
     California driver's license.




     Trying to act inconspicuous, Ryan guards the entrance to the
     Men's Room. He's starts to check out a magazine rack at an
     adjacent concession stand when he hears:




     Ryan turns. RACK FOCUS past Ryan to Craig standing fifty
     feet back, holding the phone out.


               This isn't my wife.


     As it sinks in.   Disbelief.    Anger.   Dread.


               My wife's name is Patty. I'm not
               Craig. I'm Paul. Paul Boyd.
     In utter disbelief, Ryan turns back toward the gate -- and
     sees Greer, Ellis, Hodges and Deason, cornering another MAN.
     Tall. Lean. Thinning hair.
     And wearing Buddy Holly glasses.    The real CRAIG MARTIN.


               Shit!




     Greer seizes Craig by the arm.










                 Make a scene and you'll never see
                 your family again. Now who's here
                 with you?
     Craig's eyes swell with fear.


                 Who, what?... No one!   Nobody!


                 Answer me!
     Greer looks around the crowded airport.


                 I'll forget I saw anything, just
                 leave them alone!
     Whatever.    Greer manhandles Craig toward the exit.


                 For your family's sake, you better
                 not have done anything stupid.
     RYAN snatches the phone from the bogus Craig Martin -- and
     hauls ass through a sea of travelers, trying to catch up to --


"x
     who scan the crowd bulling their way through throngs of
     people, leading Craig Martin between them.


     Has more difficulty. Gets STALLED and SWEPT AWAY in the
     crowd long enough for the kidnappers to make it outside--


     To their car. Craig is forced into the ESCALADE between
     Greer and Ellis.


                 You goddamn animals better not have
                 hu rt --
     Greer surprises him with a vicious ELBOW to the face.


                 Animals?
     Ellis whips a burlap hood over Craig's head and they drive
     off just as--


















                    Yes. He said you looked distracted
                    when you left. He wants you to
                    relax, Bob. He said they found
                    that kid you were looking for and
                    that you were right, it was all a
                    prank. Nothing to worry about.


                    Yeah, I know.
       She pulls him back down for another kiss.


                    What am I gonna do with you?


                    You're gonna dance with me all
                    night long, until we're too pooped
                    to pop... Well almost.
       A giggle.    They kiss.


                    You'll never change.


                    Yes I will, after I shower.
       They both share a laugh.


                    Lame ass.   Come on.
       She pushes herself down the hallway and he follows.




       As it pulls off the road onto the driveway of the kidnappers
       safe house and parks. Craig still wears the hood as Greer
       exits the car.


                    Get out!
       As Craig reaches blindly for a door handle, Ellis opens the
       door and shoves him out onto the driveway. Greer yanks him
       up by his collar.




       With guns at his back, Craig is dragged inside the house.


                    p
       The darkness is oppressive.       Craig is pushed inside and pulls
       the hood off.












                 Goddamn it, what the hell are you
                 people going to--


                 Craig?
      Craig stops dead, hearing the voice. Scans the cobweb-filled
      room, seeing nothing -- then from the depths of the shadows,
      Jessica materializes looking haunted and lifeless as a ghost.


                Jessica?
      Jessica races for the safety of Craig's arms, but just as
      she's about to be embraced, Greer steps forward and YANKS
      Jessica back by her hair. She squeals in pain.




      Craig moves to object, but -- OOF! -- Deason sends him
      gasping to the floor with a sledgehammer fist to the gut.


                No, don't hurt him!
      Jessica struggles and, with an annoyed shove, Greer sends her
      spilling into Craig. She hugs tightly against him.
      When Craig gets his wind back, he comes to his knees and
      manages to croak out--


                Ricky...?
      Jessica nods gravely. He's here, too. Craig looks at his
      wife's face, bruised and hurt, and tears rise in his eyes.


                Oh, God, Jess... What have they
                done to you?
      But Jessica won't let this moment be about pity.


                Who are they, Craig?
      Craig doesn't know what to say.


                Tell them, Craig. Tell them they
                have the wrong family. Tell them
                they've made a mistake--
      But something in his eyes disagrees.


                What?!      What is it?








               .u          CRAIG
                 This isn't a mistake, Jess.
      And that's all it takes for Jessica's world to shatter.
      GREEK emerges from the shadows, startling them, and backhands
      Craig's jaw with the butt of his gun.


                 Where is the disc now?
      Blood trickles from the corner of Craig's mouth.


                 You have to promise. If I give it
                 to you... you'll let my family go.


                 I'll tell you what, you tell me
                 where it is--
                      
                 --and I won't blow her brains all
                 over you right now.
      Greer traces the barrel of the gun down Jessica's cheek.
      Craig looks utterly helpless.


                 Your call Craig. It's an eighty-five
               ''cent bullet to me.






      Greer lowers the gun to her neckline( pulls her shirt
      lower... She pleads "no" at Craig with her eyes, but he
      finally breaks.


                Okay. Enough, you win.      But if
                anything-


                    
                Just shut up and talk.




      Ryan rides back into the city in a cab.
      He listens some more, then covers the phone's mouthpiece and
      taps the CABBIE on the shoulder.


                I dropped it down the mail chute at
                work. It's gotta be in the
                mailroom.


                (for Ryan's benefit,
                weakly)
                You hid it downtown?












                   Change of plans.      I need to get to
                   downtown fast.




      Greer pulls Craig to his feet.


                   Get up.     We're going.


                   How will I know she's okay?


                        
                   Move!
      When he gets near the door, Jessica is overcome with emotion
      and races to her husband.


                   Wait!   WAIT!!
      She brushes past Hodges and hugs on tight to her husband,
      tears flowing from her eyes.
v
      Hodges goes to pull them apart, but Greer stops him.        He
      knows this is going to be their last time together.


                   I love you.
      Craig squeezes the good years of their marriage into a
      strong, loving embrace. Jessica hugs him closer. Leans into
      his ear to seemingly whisper her love in return -- but what
      she actually whispers takes Craig by surprise.


                        
                   Pretend I'm telling you that I love
                   you. There's an open phone line in
                   here. You'll have help at the
                   office, but if you give these men
                   what they want, we're dead.
      Jessica kisses her husband on the lips and withdraws, leaving
      Craig with an utterly confused expression on his face. But
      before his look can betray him--


                   Let's go.
      --Greer and Hodges move forward, ushering Craig out of the
      room. When the door locks behind them, Jessica once again
      rushes to the phone.










                 Ryan?! They're going to Fegan
                 Securities, 4th and Figuroa.




      Ryan, in the cab, weaves through cars.


                 I'm already on my--
      Suddenly, the cab rounds a bend -- and grinds to a halt from
      backed up traffic!


                You've gotta be kidding me!
                     
                Can't you back it up?
      The cabbie tries, but is hopelessly locked in by cars pulling
      up behind him. Shrugs.
      About a hundred yards up the road, Ryan sees the 4th
      Street/Figuroa Exit. He's so close...


                Aw, screw this!
      Ryan throws some bills at the driver, hops out the passenger
      side and starts RUNNING.


      A short time later, Ryan( drenched in sweat, sees Craig's
      office building in the distance --


      With an all cement exterior , it's a
      cellphone user's nightmare.


      As Ryan huffs and puffs toward the building, he sees a BIKE
      MESSENGER bullshitting with a HOT DOG VENDOR. Ryan stops and
      stares at the PACKAGE POUCH on the seat and a flashy red BIKE
      HELMET hanging on the handlebars.
      The helmet is futuristic, like something The Flash might
      wear. Ryan eyes the Messenger, grabs the bike, hops on and
      peddles for dear life toward Craig's building with the
      Messenger hot on his heels.


      As Ryan arrives at the building, the Escalade pulls up in
      front of him and Greer, Hodges and Ellis file into the
      building.




Ill                                                                  111


      Ryan skids to a stop.   Eyes the carrying pouch...


      Ryan, carrying the carrying pouch and bike helmet, enters the
      lobby. Greer and the others disappear into an ELEVATOR.
      N9W inside, STATIC starts playing hell with their connection.
      Fine in some areas, terrible in others.


                Wait, we ----ve to think!
                What ----re we going to do?


                 I have an idea...
      Ryan fights his way through the tourists to the elevator bay.
      Quickly scans the DIRECTORY. Among the long list of CPAs,
      there's a MAILROOM on the 3rd floor.




      Mooney , lies on the
      bed, watching the news.
      In the background, Marilyn can be seen in the master
      bathroom, sitting before the vanity mirror in her wheelchair.
      She puts on makeup.


                In five minutes, I'll need you to
                give me a hand.


                Whenever you're ready, hon.
      Still wearing his holster, he shifts uncomfortably on the bed
      as he watches the news.


                ...and authorities are now asking
                your help in identifying this man--
      Mooney jolts upright as they display A FUZZY PHOTO OF RYAN
      from the Verizon surveillance cameras.


                -- believed to be responsible for
                today's bizarre string of crimes,
                most notably the theft of an $80,000
                Cadillac at gunpoint.


                What..?
      Mooney watches as they continue to detail Ryan's "wild crime
      spree", but gets the bigger picture, realizing that every
      event --the Verizon store; searching for the Martin kid;






      stealing the Cadillac -- centers around the cellphone call
      Ryan tried to tell him about this morning.
      Detective gears turning, Mooney reaches for the phone on the
      bedside table. Dials 411.


                 Thank you for using Pacbell. This
                 is Claire, how may I help you?


                 I need the phone number for a
                 residence. Jessica Martin in
                 Brentwood.


                 That number is  555-8364.    For
                 an extra seventy five cents-
      Mooney hangs up, dials the number. The phone rings and
      rings. Eventually, an answering machine picks up.


                Hi, you've reached the hom  e of
                Craig and Jessica Martin.   We can't
                get to the phone right now  , but if
                you leave your name and a   message--
      Mooney listens intently -- and is troubled.


                     
                The woman at the house didn't have
                an accent.
      Marilyn smiles, realizing he's really talking to himself.
      Mooney hangs up, thoughts racing. He reaches behind him, and
      without looking he grabs his wallet and keys.
      He then walks over to Marilyn and kisses the top of her head.
      She knows him, and knows something's up.


                I'm sorry honey( but I have to
                check on something real quick.


                You've got to be kidding-


                Delay the reservation if you have
                to; I'll be back in twenty minutes.
      And Mooney's gone...


                Twenty minutes my foot.














      A few SECRETARIES get out on the second floor.
      Alone with the others, Greer eyes the mysterious .38 Special.


                      
                 Keep your eyes open.




      Dripping with sweat, Ryan shambles out of the stairwell, the
      bike helmet now strapped to his head and the pouch over his
      shoulder -- just as the ELEVATOR ARRIVES behind him!
      As Greer, Hodges and Craig get out, Ryan turns and searches
      for the mailroom that's supposed to be here! Where the hell
      is-- Ah I He finds it and hustles into --


      A wide COUNTER separates Ryan and a few BUSINESS MEN and
      WOMEN from the MAIL CLERKS that busily work the other side.
      Ryan leans against the wall, pretending to be an ordinary
      bike messenger waiting for a package as Craig and the dirty
      cops enter, brushing right past him.
      Craig scans the faces of the other patrons as they enter,
      desperately trying to figure out who is his secret ally. He
      ignores Ryan completely, whose face is mostly hidden by the
      tinted plastic VISOR attached to the helmet.
      Craig notices an AGING SECURITY GUARD stationed in the area,
      but knows better than to make any waves.


                
                Anything I can help you with Mr.
                Martin?


                Hey, Benny. This might sound
                ridiculous, but I dropped a DVD
                mailer into the chute this morning
                and I forgot to put down an
                address.


                Happens all the time. Let me see
                what's back there. Gimme a sec'.
      The Supervisor disappears into the back room.
      Greer and Hodges take a seat only a few feet away from Ryan.
      The moment is uncomfortable...and gets infinitely worse as--










                Excuse me, sir? Sir? Sir?
      Ryan turns, realizing with horror that another MAIL CLERK is
      speaking to him.


                Me?


                You waiting for a package?
      Now everyone's looking at Ryan.     Including Greer.


                     
                Sure, uh... I'm supposed to pick
                something up for Mr. Fountain over
                at the Bonaventure.


                From what department?


                I'm not sure... They said it was a
                contract, though, I know that, so
                what would that be, Legal?


                What's the tracking number?


                     
                Uh... Right. Tracking number.
      It's looking grim.   Thankfully, the Supervisor reappears.


                Mr. Martin? I found a number of
                things that could be what you're
                looking for. Mind coming back to
                take a look?
      Hodges shoots Craig a look, "go".


                Sure.
      The Supervisor leads Hodges and Craig away to the back room.
      Unfortunately, Greer stays behind.


                     
                I might... Maybe it's on the
                clipboard on my bike?
      Ryan watches Greer out of the corner of his eye as Hodges and
      Craig disappear inside the vault.












                 I, uh, may need to call somebody.




      There's an entire shelf that serves as a dead letter office.
      One plastic bin is filled with reusable interoffice
      envelopes, another bin is overflowing with small mailers,
      computer disks, unlabeled video tapes, Etc...


                Help yourself.
      HODGES cautiously watches Craig shuffle through the mailers,
      opening two or three before finding -- he turns one upside
      down -- and a DVD case slides out!
      A quick glance at the label, "ADT Digital Surveillance'.
      5/19/05 06:00 - 07:00" confirms it's the disc.


                This is it.
      Hodges seems uncomfortable with the Supervisor hovering over
      his shoulder.


                Let's go.




      Ryan now sits by the window, cellphone pressed to his ear.
      Feigning frustration.


                You believe this? Everyone's got
                their head up their ass over there.
      The Mail Clerk ignores him almost as much as Greer wants to.
      Greer opens his cellphone to make a call, but when the signal
      is no good, he wanders outside the mailroom toward the window
      at the end of the hall.


                    
                Sir? You think you could just go
                outside and get your clipboard?
      Just then, Hodges and Craig come marching out of the vault.


                Sir?
      Ryan glances at Greer, momentarily distracted on the phone.
      At Hodges, almost out of the bank. As he and Craig near the
      door --










      A moment where Craig finally locks eyes with Ryan -- and
      suddenly realizes: This is the guy!
      It's now or never.   Ryan has to do something.


                 Sir!?


                      
                 Screw the package.
      Ryan stands and, unable to find anything better, snatches a
      metal HAND TRUCK sitting by the door, and as Hodges walks by--




      -- swings it full-force into Hodges' face -- WHAMM!!   Hodges
      drops like a slaughterhouse cow.
      Instantly, employees hit the ground; scream; run for their
      lives. Craig dives for the DVD case. The Security Guard has
      come to life; drawing down on them.




      Craig does.   But Ryan grabs him and moves, racing out of the
      bank.












      At the end of the hall, GREER sees Craig and Ryan running out
      of the mailroom. Drops his phone, draws his gun --




      -- just as the Guard comes running out. His gun was fixed on
      Ryan, but now that he sees Greer with a piece, he trains his
      gun on him instead.




      Ryan and Craig are struck in the middle of the crossfire.


                     






      The instant Ryan and Craig try to escape into a nearby
      stairwell -- Greer turns his gun on the SECURITY GUARD --










      -The Security Guard drops and Greer aims his weapon at Craig
      again!
      BANG! -- Greer fires.
      Craig, SHOT IN THE BACK, slams against Ryan with the impact.
      They fall half-in/half-out of the stairwell. Craig weakly
      shoves the DVD into Ryan's hands.


                 ..run...
      But Ryan is overwhelmed.       His legs feel like a thousand
      pounds of jelly.


                 ..ruuuUUUUNNNNNN!!
      As Craig slumps to the ground, Ryan stares in shock -- but
      when Greer starts sending a hail of bullets toward them, he
      DIVES into:


      He starts flying down the stairs...but when he sees four
      BUILDING SECURITY GUARDS racing up from below--


                Damn!
      --he turns around and starts RUNNING UP instead.


      Hodges gets to his feet. Stumbles out, holding his gushing,
      broken nose. Yells at Greer, who's racing into the stairwell.


                The kid!!


                No shit.


      With the Guards and Greer only a floor behind, Ryan thinks
      fast and CHUCKS HIS BIKE HELMET down the corridor, ELBOWS the
      In-Case-Of-Emergency Glass, setting off the FIRE ALARM -- and
      starts running UP.
      Seconds later, when they reach that level, one of the Guards
      sees Ryan's helmet and the broken glass leading away.


                     
                This way!
      The other Guards follow...but Greer isn't convinced.       On a
      hunch, he turns and continues running UP also.
      Peeking over the edge from the floor above--










      Sees Greer and Hodges coming.     Big-ass guns out and ready.
      Shit.'
      THE ALARM BELLS SCREAM.     PEOPLE start filling the stairwell
      on every floor.
      Forcing his body to its very limits, Ryan bolts up the stairs
      until he sees the ROOF EXIT on the next floor up. He shoves
      open the nearest door and continues running up to the roof.
      He slips out and silently closes the door behind him just as--


      GREER and HODGES reach the floor beneath. See the door
      swinging shut -- but neither fall for the bait. They runs up
      toward the-


      Ryan's eyes SCAN the rooftop. Construction is in progress up
      here; tarpapering. Huge ROLLS OF TARPAPER lie about,
      PALATTES holding supplies covered with TARPS, an industrial


      Ryan quickly shoves a 2"x4" under the doorknob to jam it.
      Heart pounding, he races to the building's edge and looks
      down. Nothing but a straight drop 60 feet down.
      Footsteps are approaching! POUNDING on the door! Ryan darts
      behind a tarp-covered mass of supplies just as --


      GREER shakes the 2"x4" loose.     He and Hodges explode out onto
      the roof, looking for Ryan.
      Greer encircles the huge air-conditioner while Hodges hunts
      behind a large SATELLITE DISH. No Ryan.


                     
                Here.
      Cop-instincts crackling, Greer stands on one side of the tarp-
      covered stockpile and waits for Hodges to secure the other.
      This is it; they signal go at each other and spring around --
      But Ryan's nowhere to be found!


                Dammit!
      No, wait! Greer turns and sees a LARGE ALUMINUM CHUTE that
      leads from the roof and elbows down toward a DUMPSTER on
      ground level.










      Greer peers down the chute for long seconds...but nothing can
      be seen from this angle. It all falls to blackness.


      Greer cocks his head in the sudden eerie silence. The only
      sounds are INCOHERENT SCREAMS coming from the stairwell. He
      eyes where the chute empties into the dumpster, thinks...




      RYAN, wedging himself against the sides of the chute, tries
      to be as still as possible. Every slight movement makes the


      From his shirt pocket, Jessica's tiny desperate voice pleads.


                  Ryan... ? Ryan, please answer me I
      But Ryan just sits there.    Afraid to move.     Terrified to
      discuss Craig.


      Greer picks up a large roll of tarpaper and starts lugging it
      toward the open mouth of the chute...


      Ryan holds his breath.    Trembling.   His leg threatening to
      rabbit-foot again.
      Straining to hear Greer, it's impossible not to hear:


                  You have to talk to me! Ryan,
                  please you have to talk to me--.'
      The sweat from his hands causes the tiniest SLIP -- and as he
      catches himself, there is a soft metallic BOOOONG from the
      stressed metal.
      Unable to ignore her pleas any longer, Ryan carefully pulls
      the cellphone from his pocket and presses it to his ear.
      Desperate to console her, Ryan --
      BANG!! The TARPAPER ROLL flies down the chute. Ryan looks
      up to see it angrily launching itself right at him!
      He has to let go of the walls to avoid being hit.      He presses
      himself to one side but --
      WHAM!! The bloodthirsty roll bashes his wrist -- and he DROPS












      Ryan reaches out, but the phone goes sliding down the chute!




      Jessica hears a loud SCRAAAAPE, CRASH and a wash of STATIC.


                   Ryan?!    OH MY GOD, RYAN?!   RYAN--?!


      The hulking Deason hears Jessica's PANICKED VOICE and stands
      with a start. As he moves toward the attic, he notices a
      small RED LIGHT FLASHING behind the bar. As he passes, he
      checks it out and--




      WHIP PAN DOWN to what Deason sees: The red light is on one
      of the house phones. The LINE-IN-USE INDICATOR.
      And it's lit.
      Shaking like a bear pissing pineapples, Deason rages away
      toward the attic...




      Jessica is curling herself into a tiny sobbing ball on the
      floor when -- WHAMM! -- the attic door crashes open. Jessica
      jumps. Deason looms there. Sees the phone.




      Jessica hurls the phone receiver away.










      Deason roars up and grabs Jessica's neck with one hand.
      HURLS her across the attic and into the OLD MIRROR,
      shattering it in a million pieces around her.
      Desperate for anything, Jessica PALMS a TINY SHARD as she
      struggles to her feet. A two-inch chip.




      She lowers her arm, defeated, out of breath...        You win.












                        Don't hurt me, and I'll do
                        anything... Anything.. .
             There is a promise in what Jessica offers that Deason
             responds to. His fist FLASHES toward her throat, making her
             flinch. But rather than hitting her, he wraps his meaty
             fingers around her throat, almost daring her to stop him.
             Jessica trembles, but that is all, and just as Deason begins
             to enjoy his work, Jessica JABS at his face, but he predicted
             as much and easily moves to deflect it -- SNICKK! -- she
             flicks her wrist up and SLICES the underside of his upper
             arm.
             Deason flinches a little bit, like a bee sting, then laughs
             as he notices the tiny SHARD in her hand--


                        
                        Oooh.
             --but that's when he HEARS it. A DRIPPING SOUND. Deason
             looks down at his arm and is confused to see his entire shirt
             sleeve SOAKED IN BLOOD. It literally pours from his arm onto
             the floor like a river.
             Deason drains white; dizzy.      He looks at Jessica, confused.


                        Brachial artery. Pumps up to 30
                        liters of blood per minute...and
                        there's only five liters in the
                        human body.
             Three seconds later, Deason crumbles...and Jessica leaves the
             attic.




             RYAN'S still trapped. Sounds of approaching SIRENS in the
             distance. Ryan listens for Greer; is he still there?
             BANG!!   BANG!!   Two more heavy TARPAPER ROLLS come right at
             him!
             The first one he gets lucky with, but the second NAILS HIM
             before bouncing furiously away and Ryan loses his grip
             completely and slides out of control.


             GREER watches amazed when Ryan actually tumbles out of the
             ass-end of the metal chute into the dumpster. He drops the
             next roll of tarpaper ready to go and reaches for his gun --


















       RYAN is in serious pain.    He frantically fishes through the
       refuse to find:


       Or rather, what's left of it:      A million shattered pieces
       scattered everywhere.
       Ryan sifts through the plastic debris as if he had secretly
       hoped he could still use it. Yeah, right... He's barely able
       to sit up when --


       He ducks back down as bullets ricochet off the steel
       dumpster.
       As SIRENS get louder, closer, Ryan's got to make his move --
       he jumps out of the dumpster, landing on his ass on the
       opposite side of Greer.




       Bullets ricochet off the steel dumpster and Ryan summons his
       courage -- and takes off limping!


       BLAMM-BLAMM-BLAMM!! Greer's pistol is ill equipped for long-
       range shooting. The kid's too far away by now. He grabs his
       walkie --


                      
                 The kid's outside, headed toward
                 the front of the building--


                 -Gotta go, boss. The Guard's dead.
       Hodges waits by the rooftop door, looking concerned
       as COPS spill out around him onto the roof.




                 Who the hell's shooting up here?
       Greer points to Ryan bolting around the corner.


                 Sonofabitch shot the poor bastard
                 right in front of us!




       Jessica races across the dead brown lawn toward the guest
       house/prison that holds her son. Getting her first good look






      at the secluded premises she's on confirms that screaming
      would do no good. She's on her own.
      When she reaches the guest house, she's shocked to find a
      HUGE LOCK on the front door. Frantic, she makes her way
      around the structure to a BIG BAY WINDOW. Though it's
      protected by SECURITY BARS, she can see Ricky through the
      glass.
      Jessica pounds on the glass, and Ricky turns.    When her son
      sees her, he races to the bars.


                   Mom!


                   Baby!   Are you okay?!


                   I can't get out!
      Jessica looks around for something to bend the bars with.
      There's nothing.


      A gold FORD TAURUS pulls up in front. The driver door opens
      and Mooney gets out. Walks to the front door and KNOCKS.
      But this time, there's no answer.
      Mooney rings the bell. Still nothing. Suspicious, he checks
      around the side...and sees the back door SWAYING in the wind.




      Mooney's cop senses scream as he walks inside. A POLICE
      SCANNER chatters in the background. The place is a shambles.
      Someone's been looking for something. He then sees-
      BLOOD STREAKS the floor. It leads from over by the telephone
      to underneath the pantry door.


                       
                   Hello? L.A.P.D. Anybody home?
      No answer.    Drawing his gun, Mooney stalks carefully into--




      A SMALL STAIRCASE leads up to the second floor. As Mooney
      starts up the steps, BOOM UP to the top to REVEAL:


      Hiding in ambush at the top of the stairs, gun in hand. She
      listens to Mooney's footsteps and when she thinks he's neared
      the top -- she springs out, blasting away down the staircase!
      But Mooney's not there.










                 Drop your gun, now.   I got you.
      Now we see him. Still down in the entryway, behind some
      cover, gun aimed and steady.


                 I said drop it.'
      Bayback relaxes -- then WHIRLS around, disappearing down the
      hall! Mooney curses and quietly jogs up the stairs,
      following her into--


      A narrow hallway with multiple OPEN DOORWAYS on each side.
      The Imposter Jessica could be hiding in any one of them...
      Taking care not to give himself away, Mooney inches down the
      hallway. And just when he's thinking that he may have
      successfully created an element of surprise for himself--
      SFX: SQUEEEEAK -- the floorboards of the old house groan
      softly -- GIVING HIS POSITION AWAY!
      Instantly Bayback swings out from a doorway right next to
      Mooney, taps her gun to his chest pulls the tang--
      But Mooney DIVES OUT OF THE WAY! BLAMM-BLAMM-BLAMM!!   Two
      miss, but the third shot NAILS HIS SHOULDER!
      OOF! Mooney lands hard. Blood spreading out under his white
      dress shirt. He cocks his head... listening for the sound of-
      BAYBACK EJECTS A MAGAZINE and is about to reload--
      Mooney JUMPS UP, RETURNS FIRE -- slamming Bayback against the
      wall with two .38 caliber slugs. She collapses to the floor.


                Damn it!   DAMN IT!!
      Angry, the adrenaline drowning out the pain, Mooney turns to
      the kidnapper laying in the hall, bleeding out. Kicks her
      gun away and kneels.
      But for the first time, Bayback isn't tough.   Just scared.


                ..a-ambulance...


                Tell me where Jessica Martin is or
                you bleed to death right here.


                ..p-please..call.. I.. I'm a--
      Fuck this, Mooney kicks her ribs.












       Bayback struggles for air, reaching for him--


                  ...I'm a cop...
       Bayback squeezes her eyes shut against a wave of pain -- and
       DIES. Mooney stares at her. What did she say? Starts
       patting her down.
       And that's when he finds her BADGE.     L.A.P.D.   23rd Precinct.
       She is a cop.


                 Oh shit...
       Mooney grits his teeth against a fresh wave of pain and picks
       up the phone, dials 911.


                 Request emergency back up and medical
                 units! Officers down at-








       Ryan wanders the streets. Checks his wallet -- a measly four
       bucks. Despair overtakes him and he almost gets CRUSHED as a-
       TOW TRUCK speeds by -- An old Hyundai mounts it like a hippo!
       A lightbulb clicks on for Ryan.


                 Ho - shit!
       Ryan bolts to the nearest BUS STOP just as a BLUE LINE BUS
       pulls up.




       Jessica SMASHES A REAR WINDOW with a long thick branch and
       uses it to try to pry the bars apart. The limited leverage
       won't enable her to bend them enough for Ricky to squeeze
       through.


                 Faster Mom!
       And just then--


       Jessica leans her head around the back corner of the
       guesthouse -- and sees the Escalade pulling in!












                  
                  Get down! Get down!
       And Jessica DUCKS OUT OF VIEW just as the--


       Pulls into the driveway.
        Greer and his team are going over surveillance photos taken
        from the cameras at the Fegan Securities Building. The
  hotos are useless, though, as Ryan's face is obscured by his
E helmet and visor.


                 These are the best pictures you
                 could get of him?!


                 He was wearing a visor.
       Greer glares at him -- no shit -- and throws the pictures .


                 Useless!
       The car parks and Greer storms out, followed by Ellis and
       Hodges. They head for the house, and the moment they enter --
       Jessica reappears. But now she's STARING at something.
       The Escalade.


                      
                 Baby, listen to me. I want you to
                 get away from this window. I want
                 you to go to the other side of the
                 room as far away from the door as
                 you can --


                 No, don't leave me!     Don't leave
                 me!!
       The terror in his voice breaks Jessica's heart.


                 Honey, I'm getting you out of
                 there!


                 Where are you going?!


                 I'm only gonna be gone a second,
                 and then we're gonna go home, but
                 you have to do this first. It's
                 gonna be loud, but don't be scared,
                 okay? Now go find somewhere safe
                 like I told you.










      Ricky n9ds and runs off into another room of the house.      And
      as Jessica rushes for the Escalade --






      PARAMEDICS apply a bandage to Mooney's shoulder.      Mooney's
      pretty shaken up.


                You're lucky. Shot went clean
                through. A few inches either
                way...
      Mooney watches other PARAMEDICS carry sheet-covered corpses
      into awaiting ambulances. Flashbulbs POP from inside.
      A sedan pulls up and Mooney's relieved to see Tomlin get out.


                What the hell, Moon? It's all over
                the radio.


                Jack, she didn't identify herself.


                What are you saying?


                I shot a cop!
                     
                Dana Bayback. From the 23rd.     She
                was one of the kidnappers.
      Tomlin looks stunned by the revelation.


                Let me call the tw9~three. See
                what the hell's going on.
      Tomlin pulls out a cellphone.


                I hate to think more cops are
                involved, but--


                Did she say anything about the
                Martin woman?


                ...Never got the chance.
      Detective Tomlin frowns.














      A GONZOLEZ TOW TRUCK drives up (like the one we saw at the
      airport), and stops temporarily beside:
      Simon Cowell, from the CADILLAC XLR incident, who stands at
      the window, screaming at the JADED CASHIER.
      His car idles just on the other side of an IMPOSING FENCE.


                    Just give me my goddamned car!


                    Don't take that tone of voice with
                    me, sir. I've already told you, we
                    do not release vehicles until all
                    impound fees are paid.
      In the E.G., NOTICE Ryan skulking closer, behind the GONZALEZ




                But I didn't cause it to get
                impounded! Can't you understand
                that?! It was stolen from me!


                Sir, do you want the car back or
                not?
      Noticing Cowell standing at the window, Ryan presses further
      into the shadows, not wanting to be noticed.


                Yes!     But I'm not paying for it!
      The Cashier signals a GRUNGY YARD WORKER on the other side of
      the fence.


                Nevermind, Howie. Take 'er back.
      Howie nods, and just as he's about to drive the Cadillac back
      into the yard --


                Wait, wait! All right you bloody
                fascist, I'll pay. But if there's
                even the slightest scratch on it...
      Howie smiles, thought so, gets out and splits. As Cowell
      angrily starts making out a check, the Cashier flicks the
      switch to open the gate, and as it opens--
      Ryan slips in. He sneaks behind the wheel of the idling
      Cadillac. And the moment Cowell hands over his check --
      VRRRROOOM!!    Ryan burns rubber out of there.










                 Hey, that's my car!
       Cowell chases it -- and watches in horror as Ryan takes a
       speed bump too fast and TEARS THE REAR BUMPER OFF THE




                 NOooooooo...!!


      As he zooms away, Ryan searches the passenger seat with his
      free hand. He hunts through the car and finds -- HIS BLUE




                 Thank you!
      As he flips it open, his eyes spot THE LAPTOP on the floor of
      the passenger seat.
Ryan thinks, pulls out his SECURITY DVD and pops it in.
At first, the SCREEN is a mere wash of digital gobbledygook--
And as Ryan grunts with frustration --
--a Hi-Res QUICKTIME MOVIE suddenly fills the screen:


      The Fagen Securities Building parking lot. A police pursuit
      in progress. Three Police Cars skillfully box in a BMW with
      TWO HISPANIC YOUTHS, forcing it to come to a dead stop.
      GREER and HODGES explode from their cars, guns drawn.
      BAYBACK and ELLIS come from the back. DEASON appears, and he
      and HODGES yank the teens out of the car, who struggle
      frantically to avoid vicious baton blows. When one decks
      Hodges and tries to run, ELLIS SHOOTS HIM in the back!


      Inside the building, CRAIG gets up from his chair, hurries
      into-


      As Craig enters frame inside the Security Office.   And
      watches live-


      GREER wastes no time in SHOOTING the second man execution
      style!










       RYAN watches in horror. He PULLS OVER, too riveted to drive
       and watch simultaneously. Finally understanding the
       magnitude of this disc.


       And as BAYBACK drags a DEAD HISPANIC YOUTH out of the frame,
       legs disappear off-screen in short bursts.


       And more terrifying, GREER stops picking up shell casings,
       turning his head ominously toward the CAMERA! Noticing us!
       Greer motions to several others; DEASON and BAYBACK, who rush
       OUT OF FRAME toward the front entrance.
       ANGLE ONE: At the SIDE DOOR, ELLIS and HODGES start kicking
       in the door with full force.
       ANGLE TWO: GREER, outside, unholstering his GUN at the






       RYAN glances at the cellphone in his hand -- gets an idea!


151    ANGLE ONE: Ellis and Hodges finally kick open the door and 151
       rush inside--
       ANGLE THREE:     The COPS rush inside the building, consult the
       Directory...
       ANGLE FOUR:    Craig, panicked, reaches over to the DVD
       Recorder --


       THE LAPTOP MONITOR -- ALL STATIC.    The recording has stopped.


                 I'm so screwed.
       As Ryan speeds away from the curb, he fingers his cellphone.




       -- GREER walking up the safehouse stairs, step by step
       nearing the attic that Jessica's supposed to still be in...












      -- JESSICA quietly opening the door of the Escalade(
      trying not to give herself away. She climbs in behind the
      wheel, and says a silent prayer of thanks when she sees that
      the keys are still dangling in the ignition.


      -- RYAN, in the speeding Cadillac XLR, selects LAST INCOMING
      CALL on the cellphone. Holds his breath.


      As Greer reaches the first landing, the HOUSE PHONE starts
      RINGING. Ignoring it, Greer continues on and is about to turn
      the corner to the attic when --


                Boss, you better take this.
      Greer stops, a footstep away from seeing the open attic door.
      From the bottom of the steps, Hodges tosses him a CORDLESS
      PHONE. Greer puts it to his ear.


                What?




      Ryan, inside the Cadillac XLR, growls into the cellphone.


                Shut up and listen to me, asswipe.
                I got what you want.


                Who is this?


                You know who this is, shithead!




      To our surprise, Ryan isn't talking to Greer...but to the
      same TELEMARKETER that called him earlier.


                Look, sir, we can take your name
                off our list if you want, but you
                don't have to get nasty--


                What--?    Who is this?


                Mark.     At Mastercharge Credit Union-












 *59             A frickin' telemarketer? But I                            159
                 just hit "Last Incoming Call"--
       Ryan suddenly puts it together.


                 You bastard.
       The Telemarketer quickly hangs up before it gets ugly.




       Greer listens intently to a call.   So who is on his end of
       the phone? Tomlin.


                 Look, Captain, we've got to do
                 everything we can to protect this
                 guy. I mean, shit, with all his
                 years in he's owed a little.






                 He's with you? How'd he find out?


                 Said something about a kid who came
                 into the station earlier--
       Greer grimaces, putting it together.


                 Early twenties? Stumbled out of
                 Brian Wilson's hamper?


                 Yeah.   Something like that.


                 Tomlin. Take care of him.      No
                 witnesses.
       That's more than Tomlin bargained for.


                 Are you sure that's necessary, sir?


                 You know once the shitstorm starts,
                 there's nothing I can do to save
                 you.


                 Sure. That's what I thought.        I'll
                 tell him.










        Tomlin hangs up with a calm FLICK.   The Paramedic finishes up
        Mooney's bandage.


                   Keep pressure on it until you get
                   it stitched.


                  What's the word?


                  Not g9od. I.A.'s not throwing out
                  any lifelines with all that's going
                  on.. .
                        
                  Come on. You can write a statement
                  while I take you to the hospital.




        Greer slips the cordless into his jacket pocket, continuing
        up the stairs. Hodges follows, staring expectantly.


                  Well?   What'd he say?


                  You know a desk jockey named
                  Mooney?




        Greer sees Hodges gaping up the stairwell. Following his
        look, Greer turns...and sees the attic door WIDE OPEN!
        Further in, he can make out Deason's bloody body and the
        rigged-together phone...
        In fact, the only thing Greer doesn't see is Jessica.




        Greer turns and pounds down the stairs.






        She TWISTS the key and STOMPS the gas, sending the monster
        SUV on a collision course with -- SMASHHH -- the guest house
        window! The bay window SHATTERS and the security bar SNAP
        LIKE TWIGS as the Escalade BULLDOZES through!






        Unable to open the door because of all the debris, Jessica
        rolls down the window and yells to her son --










                  Ricky!    Come on!
       -- but he's frozen in fear at all the noise and dust.    He
       shakes his head. No.


                  Baby, please! It's okay now.
                  We're gonna go home!
                       
                  Ricky, please!
       Somehow, the kid digs deep and finds the courage to run to
       the Escalade, where his mother scoops him up into the cab
       just as--
       The kitchen door bursts open and Greer's team spills out into
       the yard. They spot her instantly.


                  Get out of the car!    Get out of the
                  goddamned car!!
       As they rush at her--


       Jessica throws the big car in reverse and tries to back out --
       but the Escalade's stuck! Caught by the debris, the wheels
       just spin.


                 Come on!    COME ON!!
       Jessica rocks the car forward, and back. Forward, and back.
       And just as it finally comes loose -- KRRRAAASHHH!!
       The window next to Jessica's head EXPLODES in a shower of
       tempered glass, shocking us. Two arms snake in and wrap
       around Jessica's neck. Greer.
       But Jessica STOMPS ON THE GAS, hoping the big car will pull
       her free.
       It doesn't. As the Escalade surges away across the lawn,
       Greer's vice-like grip holds, PULLING JESSICA OUT the broken
       window and -- THUMP! -- to the guest house debris below.
       As Jessica watches in horror:


       Careens down the driveway and crashes into a pillar.    Hodges
       races over and yanks Ricky out.


       Balls his fist in Jessica's hair and yanks her around hard.
















                 Nobody!






      Jessica screams as he yanks her to her knees.


                 Stop it!   Don't hurt her!!
      Seething mad, Greer rips his gun from its holster and is
      literally about to blow Jessica's brains out when--


      The entire world stops. There's an awkward moment: Jessica
      cowering, Greer recovering, the phone just ringing and
      ringing... The telephone is the only sound in the world,
      getting louder and louder with each ring until--
      Greer answers it.


                 Bad timing, Tomlin.
      But it isn't Tomlin on the phone this time.       It's--


                 Feel like a trade?




      Greer snaps his fingers at Hodges, indicating it's Ryan.


                 The mysterious bike messenger.   How
                 did you get this number?
      In the Cadillac, PUSH IN on Ryan t9 show the CELLPHONE MANUAL
      he picked up at the Verizon store in his hand.


                Gotta love modern technology... My new
                phone knows the numbers of the last
                fifty incoming calls.


                What do you want?


                Just the woman and her kid.


                Who are you? What's your name?












                My name is F you. I've got your
                shit, pal, it doesn't work that
                way.


                Really?
                     
                Go cut the kid's throat.
      Though Ryan's eyes widen in panic, his voice remains cool.


                Fine.     Your loss.   Nice talking to
                you.
      And Ryan hangs up. He waits nervously, sweating, staring at
      the phone for the longest seconds of his life--


                Ring.     C'mon, damn it, ring!   RING!
      Then it does. Ryan waits a couple rings, slowing his
      speeding heart, then nonchalantly picks up.


                So, how do you want to do this?


                Put on a big ass Ronald McDonald smile,
                apologize to the kid and the woman and
                bring 'em to the Santa Monica pier.


                No.     Somewhere quieter.


                Dude, you're lucky I'm still
                talkin' to your sorry ass. You do
                as I say, exactly as I say, or I
                hang up now and slap this bitch on
                Nightline, you know what I'm
                sayin'?
      There's a long beat.


                Fine.    But you come alone.


                Done.


                How will I recognize you?


                You let me worry about that.
                What's your cell number?


                 555-8342. An hour then?












                 I can hardly wait.
      Ryan hangs up.    A scared, but satisfied smile...




      MOONEY - In the sedan's shotgun seat, is trying to write his
      statement. But with his bad shoulder, it's useless.
      He winces in pain when the sedan jerks at a four-way stop.


                
                Shouldn't we be on Pico?
      To the right, some PEOPLE wait for a bus.      Tomlin turns left.


                County will have a six hour wait.
                Ten if they know you're a cop.
      Mooney grunts his gratitude as Tomlin heads toward a
      wasteland of warehouses. And just as any potential witnesses
      vanish from sight --
      Tomlin's cellphone RINGS!      He lowers the gun and answers the
      call.


                Yeah?


                Is it taken care of?


                Not yet.


                Good. We're making a trade with the
                kid at the Santa Monica Pier. Your
                boy can ID the kid for us. Bring him
                down.


                
                I'm on it.
      Tomlin flips his phone closed and turns the car around.


                We caught a break with the kid. He's
                been spotted on the pier. Think you
                can hang on a little longer? Just
                enough to ID the kid before we patch
                you up?
      Mooney clearly doesn't want to say "no."     But it hurts.












                 Whaddaya say? Up to you.
      Beat.


                 Let's solve the goddamn thing.




      An AERIAL SHOT at magic hour, tracking up the coast to the --


      Boats clog the water, and th9usands of SPECTATORS line the
      shores of the Pacific, watching the HEAL THE BAY concert on
      the pier.
      With all the CHEERING, DANCING and DRINKING going on, it's
      like Times Square on New Years Eve.


      Ryan drives up in the Cadillac XLR and parks. A group of
      COLLEGE FRIENDS stare enviously at the car as Ryan gets out.


                Lucky bastard...


                You like it?
                     
                Happy Birthday.
      THUD. The Friends' jaws hit the ground. And as they run to
      the Cadillac XLR, Ryan disappears into the crowd...


      Creeps down the wooden bridge and stops at the bottom; the
      base of the pier.
      Inside, Hodges sits behind the wheel; Jessica and Ricky lay
      bound and gagged in back.
      Hodges lifts his Nextel and thumbs the button.


                I'm in position.




      Greer and Ellis are on top of the CAROUSEL BUILDING. Ellis
      lays on his belly with a POLICE SNIPER RIFLE and some fuzzy
      PHOTOS of Ryan from the mailroom.












                  Copy.


       Excellent magnification. We skim the faces of the crowd,
       hunting for Ryan and locates HODGES.




       Greer is talking to Ellis, who's scanning the crowd ROCKING
       to the concert --


                 Only take the kid out if it's
                 clean. No guess work. The last
                 thing we need's a stampede.
       Greer paces anxiously -- when suddenly his Nextel RINGS.     He
       answers it, though it's hard to hear over the music.


                 You here?


                 Yeah.




       Greer nods to Ellis -- It's him.     Find him.


                 How do you want to do this?


                 First show me that Jessica and the
                 kid are okay.


                 Do you have the disc?


                 Yes.     Where are they?


                 See the black van at the bottom of
                 the bridge? Passenger side window.


                 Hang on.
                      
                 Okay, got it.
       Greer muffles the phone against his leg.     Whispers to Ellis:


                 He's within visual of the car.
       Greer takes his police walkie and toggles it.
















                 Hodges, show the woman. Lower the
                 passenger side window only.




      The PASSENGER-SIDE TINTED WINDOW rolls down.
      Hodges sits Jessica up, then her kid, displaying them for a
      few seconds before powering the window back up.






                 Did you see that?


                 Yes.
      Greer muffles the phone again.      Whispers to Ellis.


                He's around the passenger side.
                Have you found him yet?


                No.
                     
                I don't know what the hell he looks
                like!


                He's the one on the cellphone, you
                idiot 1


      Everyone in the crowd is on a cellphone.


                Everyone's on a cellphone! I've
                got like fifty possible targets
                here!
      Ellis' cross hairs flit from one person on a cell, to
      another, to another...




      TOMLIN AND MOONEY move along the crowd, scanning the sea of
      spectators for Ryan. Mooney moves more slowly behind Tomlin,
      skin looking pale, sheened in sweat and laboring for breath
      as they hike up the bridge.












                     Your turn.    Now you show me
                     something.


                     No. Put them on the Ferris wheel.
                     I want to see them safe first.


                     That wasn't part of the deal.


                     Deal's changed.




          The top of the bluffs, overlooking the pier below.       Among the
          crowd, some SKATE RATS scare the ELDERLY.


                    I've been thinking. Does me no
                    good to hand over the DVD and then
                    you and the funky bunch take us
                    out.
-x


                    I swore I wouldn't do that.


                    Like you swore to protect and
                    serve?
          The reference brings Greer up short.       There's a moment, then:


                    You know a lot...


                    And I'll forget a lot, too. But
                    not until they're both out of
                    danger.
          Now PAN AROUND TO REVEAL Ryan among the crowd, wearing a
          SURFING WINDBREAKER; HOODED with WATERPROOF POCKETS -- but
          where's his cellphone?
          Moving closer, we see Ryan's wearing the EARBUD MIKE from the
          Verizon store. With the earbud concealed under the loose
          hood, Ryan looks like anyone else just watching the show.


                    Your choice, man. The Martins or
                    the DVD. Either way, I'm not
                    hanging around any longer. You got
                    five seconds, then I disconnect
                    your ass.










                 You sure you know what you're
                 doing?


                 One...     Two...
      On the other end of the phone:


      GREER wrestles with his better judgment--


                 Three...    Four...
      --but Ryan's got him by the balls.     Angrily, Greer lifts his
      walkie.


                Okay! Okay.
                     
                Hodges, put 'em on the Ferris
                wheel.


                What? I


                Shut up and do it!


                Not bad. Most people never get
                past two.
      Greer flinches as his own taunts are used against him.


                     
                Keep an eye on them. As soon as we
                make the trade, take the woman and
                her kid out.




      RYAN watches from a distance as Hodges exits the van.


                Don't screw me kid, y9u won't live
                long enough to enjoy it.


                Oooh, I think I just pissed myself.
      Ryan looks optimistic when Hodges gets out and opens the back
      door. And just as he's on the brink of success--












        A woman's HAND grabs the hood of Ryan's windbreaker and rips
        it away from his face. Wheels him around. It's:


                  There you are! Where the hell were
                  you! ?


                  Chloe!    Get away from here!


                  Know how many hours I waited for
                  you to bring back those stupid
                  shirts?! What'd you do? Sell them
                  on the Prominade yourself--?
        But Ryan's got no time for this.






       A sickly-looking MOONEY glances at the commotion -- and sees
       the hoodless Ryan.


                       
                  That's him! There he is!


       Ryan desperately tries to shoo Chloe away.


                  It isn't safe to talk, get it? I --
                  People are after me!


                      
                  What -- are you high?
       Suddenly, Mooney steps up beside Ryan and grabs him.


                  
                  I've been..looking for..you, kid--
       But Ryan struggles, thinking Mooney is with the bad guys.
       Mooney grabs him as he tries to make a break for it.


                 Let go of me! Sonofabitch, let go!




-s
       GREER's pissed.     Pacing on the roof, when:








               t_             ELLIS
                    I've got him!
      Instantly, Greer jams the walkie to his face, and we--




      HODGES is about to let Jessica out of the van, when he hears--


                Hodges, do not let them go! Do you
                hear me? Do not let them go!






      RYAN struggles with Mooney. The crowd completely ignores
      them in favor of the raucous concert.
      In the heat of battle, Ryan's cellphone clatters by Chloe' s
      feet.


                    
                Jesus, kid, calm down!!
      Trying to break Mooney's stronghold, Ryan SHOVES him
      backwards, SLAMMING his injured shoulder into the PIER


      Mooney SCREAMS out in pain and grabs his shoulder, releasing--
      Ryan, who BREAKS AWAY and turns to see Mooney COLLAPSE to the
      ground, holding his blood-soaked shoulder. Ryan looks over
      to Chloe, whose face is a combination of shock and confusion.


                Oh my God--
                     
                Someone call 911!
      A CROWD starts to gather when --
      Ryan feels the barrel of a gun nudging his back.     Tomlin's
      gun.


                It's over kid.
      Fuck! Ryan's got no choice but to slowly walk toward the end
      of the pier.
      MOONEY - From his prone position, he catches a glimpse of
      Tomlin backing Ryan quietly into the crowd. Not trying to
      help. Not calling for an ambulance. In that instant, Mooney
      knows he's been betrayed. Tomlin's in on this.










                   For all the trouble you've caused,
                   you'd better have that goddamned
                   disc. Where is it?
      Just then, Greer appears through the crowd ahead of him.
      Like a nightmare, he closes in.
      Ryan slowly slips his phone into a waterproof pocket in his
      windbreaker and zips it up.


                   Aw shit...
      Ryan's world is spinning -- the NOISE, the CROWDS, the


      He KICKS BACK hard into Tomlin's SHIN. It is enough for
      Tomlin to release his grip and Ryan bolts.
      Tomlin recovers and raises his GUN to get a bead on Ryan, but
      it causes the crowd around him to PANIC.


                   Dude's gotta gun!
      Ryan navigates through the fleeing crowd and turns to see
      Greer and Tomlin quickly gaining ground.
      He has to make a choice, either go over the railing, or deal
      with Greer and Tomlin. Ryan decides on the ocean. He runs
      to a MAN FISHING WITH HIS SON and uses their ice chest as a
      step. Just as he JUMPS THE RAIL -- Tomlin gets off a SHOT!
      SLIIIIIICEE!!! The bullet tears through Ryan's shoulder as
      he spins headlong into the Pacific!
      TOMLIN AND GREER run to the railing and see Ryan HIT the
      CHOPPY WATER below.


                   Under the pier. Go! Go!


      Ryan flails, panicking, exhaling all his air and sucking in
      the dark water of the ocean --


      Ryan is struggling. Bleeding. Sinking. Dying. His lungs
      convulse, trying to breathe, burning like a thousand red-hot
      needles are pushing their way through his chest.
      The WAVES POUND against the thick pylons below the pier. Just
      as Ryan comes up for air he's SLAMMED into a wooden pylon!
      Ryan fights for his life as the surge churns him underwater,
      BASHING him repeatedly against the pillars. It's not pretty.








       As he struggles toward the shore, he's constantly thrown back
       and forth underwater like a rag doll.




       TOMLIN races down the pier towards the beach --
       GREEK aims his weapon at the ocean, daring Ryan to surface.




       Ryan finally makes it to shore; coughing, retching. He crawls
       up the sand, out of breath, blood trailing behind him.
       He unzips the waterproof pocket of his shorts, pulling out
       the cellphone, which thank God is actually dry. Ryan forces
       himself into action; stumbling, exhausted into a --


       The place is dark. Empty. An array of rowing shells covered
       in ghostly, flapping tarps make the place look vaguely haunted.
       This place is also filled with storage equipment, such as
       buoys and safety netting used by the beach patrol.




       TOMLIN - racing through the sand under the pier. He spots
       Ryan's bloody footprints and follows them toward the --




       RYAN - sees Tomlin coming.   Ryan's trapped like a rat -- and
       dripping blood everywhere.
       He looks for anything that'll save him, but finds only
       useless boating tools 


                     
                 Think! Think!




       Chloe hands Mooney a cup of water and frantically looks
       around for the paramedics. Mooney starts rising to his feet.


                 You better lie still. The
                 paramedics should be here shortly.
       But Mooney's obstinate.   He rises despite her best efforts.












                  Just keep that ambulance close by.
      And as he stumbles off--


      TOMLIN - By the time his eyes adjust to the dark, Ryan is
      nowhere to be seen. TARPS undulate over jumbles of boxes and
      equipment everywhere -- a hundred places to hide.
      Alone, Tomlin stalks among the equipment.     Gun out.   Hunting
      Ryan like a snake on the scent or prey.


                 You're wounded kid, just give me
                 what I came for, and I'll let you
                 all go.
      Police sirens in the distance grow louder.
      Tomlin's offer goes unanswered.    That's when he notices the
      BLOOD on the ground. Tomlin smiles, following Ryan's trail
      to a PILE OF BLOOD-SMEARED TARPS -- where the trail ends!
      It's obvious Ryan used these to staunch his wound. Shit!
      He's gonna have to search this whole place--
      Then, suddenly, Tomlin gets an idea. He pulls out his phone,
      making sure it's concealed from view, and writes a TEXT
      MESSAGE to--
x95   EXT. SANTA MONICA PIER - NIGHT                                     195
      Greer pulls out his ringing cell phone. On the text screen
      it says, "CALL HIM". Greer flashes an wicked grin, and dials
      the last number on his call log.




      Tomlin's ready to pounce.
      SFX:   Nearby, Ryan's cellphone starts to RING, betraying him!
      Instantly, Tomlin hones in on the noise -- coming from under
      a bulky tarp along the far wall -- and EMPTIES HIS GUN at it!
      The tarp shreds. Nothing could survive the assault.
      Tomlin walks calmly across the room to stand before the tarp.


                 Shoulda stayed at home this
                 morning, kid.
      And just then, Tomlin throws off the shredded tarp exposing--
      Ryan's cellphone.   And nothing else.












                Funny. I was about to say the same
                to you.


                What the--
      And in the instant Tomlin realizes he's been tricked, he
      turns and--




      RYAN HITS TOMLIN in the face with a 2x4, SMASHING his TEETH
      and sending him backwards. Before Tomlin has time to
      rec9ver, Ryan swings again. CRACK! -- And his KNEE CAP is
      obliterated. Ryan, looking like a psychotic Babe Ruth, gives
      Tomlin two more vicious WHACKS before grabbing his cellphone
      and high-tailing it out of there.




      HODGES - has no luck on the walkie.


                Tomlin? Anyone copy?
      Jessica, cuffed from behind, covertly wriggles the handcuffs
      under her ass toward her feet. Ricky, terrified, screams
      "no" with his eyes. But she knows she's out of time.




      RYAN - losing blood, he does his best to move quickly through
      the sand. He stumbles, but regains his footing as he makes
      his way towards the STAIRS LEADING UP TO THE PIER.




      ELLIS - still on the roof, scans the pier.


      Hodges locates Ryan emerging from the stairs.


                Got him.   He's in the parking lot.




      HODGES - listening intently to the walkie.










                    I've got a clean shot.


                    No! We don't have the DVD. Just
                    hold his location. Hodges, parking
                    lot now!
         Just as Hodges reaches for the door handle -- Jessica wraps
         her cuffs around his throat, throws her legs against the back
         of his seat and pulls like her life depended on it.
         Hodges chokes, flails, digs, and claws at the cuffs, but his
         fingertips are no match for Jessica's muscular legs.


                    Ricky run!    Find help!
         Ricky's paralyzed with fear.




         Ricky bolts from the car.




**v,


         POLICE CRUISERS race down the pier bridge, desperately trying
         to avoid the fleeing crowd.




         JESSICA - finishes squeezing the last bit of life out of
         Hodges.
         She finally exits the van, but not before grabbing the WALKIE
         TALKIE and GUN.




         RYAN - sneaking his way through parked cars, heads in the
         direction of the Police Cruisers on the bridge.




         MOONEY - scanning the pier for Ryan, hears-


                   He's heading for the cops.       We
                   should do it now.
         Mooney looks to the roof of the carousel and sees Ellis.










                ""Freeze! Drop your weapon!
      Ellis quickly swings his rifle and--
      BAM! Mooney shoots Ellis in the head, causing him to slide
      off the carousel roof.




      RYAN - stopping in his tracks, looks in the direction of the
      gun shot. He turns around only to find --
      A PISTOL pointed right at his face -- Greer's pistol.
      He PUSHES Ryan behind a SUV so as not to be seen by the cops.


                No more bullshit!     Just give me the
                goddamn disc!
      Ryan slowly unzips his front jacket pocket and removes the


      Greer snatches it and SMASHES it to pieces. Fragments fall
      through the cracks in the pier, to the ocean below.
      Ryan, pale as ghost, knows he's seconds from meeting his
      maker.


                This is about to be the most
                enjoyable part of an extremely
                shitty day.
      And just as he's about to pull the trigger --
      BLAM!! Jessica fires a WARNING SHOT. Greer( startled, spins
      around to see Jessica pointing Hodges' gun in his face.


                Tell me why I shouldn't kill you.
      For the first time, Greer actually looks frightened.
      Recognizing the homicidal look in her eyes, he SPUTTERS, but
      nothing comes out.
      Ryan, weak and pale with blood loss, looks up at his guardian
      angel.


                Jess... Jessica?     Don't.
      Jessica trembles with rage, a tear falls.


                I... I have to.












                         Lower the weapon, Jessica.


              Jessica looks behind her and sees Mooney, surrounded by EIGHT




                             (trying to reason with
                             her)
                         Ricky's safe. It's all going to be
                         okay. Put it down.
              Jessica slowly lowers the gun and looks into Ryan's face.


                         Thank you for keeping your promise.
              As the cops move in and drag Greer to his feet, Ryan calls
              out to him.


                         Hey man, your shitty day is about
                         to get a whole lot shittier.
              Ryan flips open his phone and on the SCREEN plays the
              SECURITY FOOTAGE of the murder in the parking lot. We see
              that Ryan must've copied the DVD with his videophone.


                        Ain't that a bitch?
              And through the tears, Jessica manages a laugh. A small one.
              But enough to let us know everything's going to be okay. And
              as we PULL BACK on the scene--




              The ECU OF A TELEVISION SCREEN
              showing an aerial shot of the Santa Monica Pier.
              PULL OUT to reveal-
              CHLOE AND RYAN, sitting in a hospital dayroom, engrossed in
              the NEWS REPORT that plays in the far corner of the room.
              Ryan's shoulder has now been BANDAGED, his arm's in a sling.


                        ...The Santa Monica Pier was the
                        latest setting in the ongoing 23rd
                        Precinct corruption scandal. Ryan
                        Ackerman, a local resident, risked
                        his life to save a family kidnapped
                        by officers to cover up...
              Chloe strokes Ryan's scalp with her fingers.












               """How does it feel to be a hero?


                      
                 It hurts... But you're making it
                 way better. I'm just glad it's
                 over.


                
                Modesty can be sexy.


                 And to think this was our first
                 date.


                Next time, skip the shower.
      In the background, Jessica and Ricky exit a hospital room and
      join the two lovebirds.


                Craig's very weak, but the doctors
                say it looks promising. He's
                probably going to have to walk with
                a cane, but that's the worst of
                it... I'm just thankful.
      Chloe senses that Jessica and Ryan might need a moment alone.


                Come on Ricky, let's get a hot
                chocolate.
      A small smile forms on Ricky's exhausted face. Chloe leads
      Ricky down the hall.


                I can't believe I almost lost
                everything that means... I don't
                know how I can ever thank you.


                I do.
                     
                Don't ever call me again.
      A shared laugh, then as they turn to the television--


      A CELL PHONE RINGS on a nearby table. They turn to look at
      it, neither one apparently having any idea to whom it might
      belong...
      But this time, as we PULL BACK on the scene, we realize no
      one's going to answer it.





