






                                 Written by

                                Henry Selick



                            Based on the novel by

                                Neil Gaiman








          A HAUNTING LULLABY plays against a black, star-pricked
          sky when something appears in the distance. A BUTTON-EYED
          DOLL floats towards CAMERA, through the open window of a
          small sewing room where it lands in a pair of WAITING
          HANDS, hands that are made of SEWING NEEDLES.


          The doll - which resembles a YOUNG BLACK GIRL in old-
          fashioned clothes, hair fixed with ribbons and braids -
          is placed on a sewing table. An elaborate sewing kit is
          opened, and, in flickering green light, the NEEDLE-HANDS
          go to work. The doll's old clothes are cut away; button-
          eyes torn off; hair pulled out. The doll's stuffing is
          removed and then the empty cloth body is pulled inside
          out, turning from NUT BROWN to PALE PINK.


          Sawdust is poured in the NEW DOLL's mouth; facial
          features added; blue yarn hair punched in; and then a
          fresh pair of shiny black button eyes is selected from a
          button drawer.


          The transformed doll, in a LITTLE YELLOW RAINCOAT, its
          new button eyes affixed, is released out the window and














          WIDE ANGLE on a rambling old Queen Anne-style house with
          tacked-on outside stairs. It's late winter, the sky a
          damp, grey sponge. A SIGN in the foreground reads "Pink
          Palace, Apartment for Rent".


          MR. BOBINSKY - a seven-foot-tall blue-skinned man -
          performs calisthenics on the rooftop, counting in
          Russian.




                    Dras, dva, tri, chetyri.
                    Dras, dva, tri, chetyri.
                    Dras, dva, tri ...




          A BEEPING SOUND begins and he pauses. A tired MOVING VAN
          backs into frame and up the muddy driveway. A VW BEETLE -
          suitcases roped to its top - recklessly passes the truck
          and disappears around the side of the house. Bobinsky
          shakes his fist angrily after the car and shouts:




                    Mer-sa-vich!


          He marches away indignantly. One of the MOVERS, unseen in
          the truck, speaks to his companion.




                    We're here. Time to muscle up.




          ANGLE ON moving truck's REAR DOORS as they're wrenched
          open by two men - MOVER 1, tall and bear-shaped, and
          MOVER 2, built like a brick top - to reveal a lot of
          BOXES and BEAT-UP FURNITURE.


          They haul out the LOADING RAMP towards CAMERA.


          NEW ANGLE, EXTERIOR STAIRS to BASEMENT FLAT. APRIL SPINK,
          a rotund little old English lady with bad legs, surveys
          the MOVERS as they pass by her chair-lift with boxes and
          furniture. The old gal can't wait to tell her flat mate
          below about the young, strapping men.






                    Got it? Almost there, just a few more.
                    Come on, now, LIFT.


          ANGLE ON FRONT PORCH. The job finished, Mover 2 heads
          down the front steps while Mover 1 waits for a signature
          from the unseen-but-for-his-hands new tenant. Papers
          signed, a tip of a single, grubby dollar bill is placed
          in the outstretched hand of the disappointed mover, and
          the door is shut.








          ANGLE from BACK YARD. Hiding behind shrubs, WE SHARE the
          POV of a MYSTERIOUS SPY. With a CLICK, a close-up lens is
          rotated into place to better see the movers quietly pack
          into the truck and drive away. A MANGY BLACK CAT walks
          right in front of the lens and looks at us with concern.
          OFF-SCREEN, a door bangs open. WE FOLLOW the cat as it
          races up a tree and out a branch towards the BACK PORCH
          to investigate.


          CORALINE JONES, 11, steps onto the porch in a YELLOW
          RAINCOAT with a shoulder bag. WE - SPY'S POV - CLICK to a
          CLOSE-UP to find this new tenant has BLUE HAIR and a
          skeptical face.


          NEW ANGLE, non-spy reverse, on Coraline as she glances
          furtively over her shoulder, then hops down the steps and
          moves diagonally away from the house.


          NEW Angle, SPY POV. We watch Coraline head towards the
          WOODY SHRUB we've hidden ourselves in. We DUCK DOWN.


          ANGLE on Coraline, non-spy, shrub by garden gate. She
          reaches into the shrub and breaks off a FORKED BRANCH.
          She removes the stick's red leaves, aims it like a
          DOWSING ROD and heads into the garden.


          CAM PUSH IN to shrub as the SPY RISES UP, wearing a three-
          eyed SKELETON MASK on his head and SKELETON GLOVES on his
          hands. The black cat hops into frame, glances at the spy
          and follows the girl.












          Coraline explores the drained, crumbling pond. She finds
          an old TURTLE SHELL in the muck and holds it up. After
          rapping on it to make sure it's empty, she puts the shell
          into her shoulder bag.


          ANGLE ON CAROLINE, SPY POV. WE PUSH ASIDE dead vines from
          the railing of the GARDEN BRIDGE for a better look.
          Coraline aims her forked stick once more then follows it
          up from the pond and out the BACK GATE. A gust of WIND
          blows DEAD LEAVES into a swirling eddy WE TRACK high up
          into the air.












          SPY POV on sky, now dark with GATHERING STORM. Hidden
          behind a NATURAL WALL OF STONES, WE TILT DOWN to view
          Coraline crossing frame on a STEEP HILLSIDE path. She
          steps on an old RAILROAD TIE, and her foot SINKS into the
          rotted wood, stopping her.


          WE LEAN OUT for a better view, and DISLODGE some stones
          that roll down past her. WE DUCK as she jerks her head
          our way.


          NEW ANGLE, non-spy. Unnerved, Coraline calls out.




                    Hello?...   Who's there?


          She throws a rock over the wall of stones, HITS THE
          UNSEEN SPY, causing a CRY OF PAIN. ANIMAL? HUMAN? Freaked
          out, she GASPS, runs up the trail.


          NEW ANGLE, SPY POV. We rise up to watch and the black cat
          hops onto the stone wall.









          Coraline races down past an OLD TRACTOR and into an
          ORCHARD. WIND begins to blow.


          NEW ANGLE as we move beside Coraline through the old
          apple trees, where she nearly trips on the tongue of a
          harvest cart.


          DOWN ANGLE ON on Coraline as she BACKS INTO a circle of
          TOADSTOOLS in front of a STUMP. BREATHING HARD, she looks
          out for her pursuer.


          NEW ANGLE. The black cat shoots past Coraline in the tall
          grass. She can't see him but she knows something is
          there. Already behind her now, the cat LEAPS onto the
          stump with a loud, warning MEROWWW!


          STARTLED, Coraline YELLS and whips around. She's both
          angry and relieved when she sees it's just some cat.




                    You scared me to death, you mangy thing!


          Cat GLARES at her with BLUE OPAL EYES, makes a low growl
          as she stands. She exhales.




                    I'm just looking for an old well. Know
                    it?


          Cat BLINKS EYES slowly.




                    Not talking, huh?


          The wind picks up. She grasps the forks of her stick,
          closes her eyes, and, tracing a figure eight above her,






                    Magic dowser, magic dowser: show... me...
                    the well!


          ANGLE ON CORALINE FROM HIGH BLUFF. The SPY moves into
          frame, astride some kind of MOTOR-BIKE. He presses a
          button on the handlebars and BLASTS a loud AIR HORN.
          STARTLED, Coraline SPINS around.


          UP ANGLE ON SPY. As LIGHTNING FLASHES and THUNDER ROLLS,
          Coraline sees him for the first time. With his turret-
          lensed SKULL MASK and SKELETON GLOVES and black FIREMAN'S
          COAT flapping in the wind, he looks like a PSYCHO KILLER!




                           




          He REVS his motor, pops a wheelie, then SWOOPS DOWN the
          bluff towards her. She HOLLERS IN FEAR, then tries to
          WHACK HIM with her forked stick.








          He SNATCHES it from her as he passes, KNOCKING HER to the
          ground. He SIDE-SKIDS his bike, hops off and JUMPS UP
          onto the stump. Looking TEN FEET TALL from the ground,
          THUNDER AND LIGHTNING at a peak, the Spy turns his THREE-
          EYED TURRET LENS and studies her like a predatory alien.


          And then, the thunder and lightning just FADE OUT and
          this psycho-killer, three-eyed spy pulls off his mask and
          Coraline GASPS -- he's just a short kid in a costume.


          Shoulders hunched, neck bent, the Spy - real name WYBIE
          LOVAT - aged 12 - examines Coraline's forked stick, aims
          it around.






                    Hoo! Let me guess, you're from Texas or
                    Utah; someplace dried out and barren,
                    right? I heard about water-witching
                    before but it doesn't make sense; I mean,
                    it's just an ordinary branch.


          Coraline, SNATCHES it from his GLOVED HANDS.










          Coraline smacks Wybie.




                    Ow!




                    And I DON'T LIKE BEING STALKED, not by




          He crouches, nervous, to scratch the cat behind his ears.




                    He's not really my cat; he's kinda feral
                    ­ you know, wild? Of course, I do feed
                    him every night and sometimes he'll come
                    in my window `n bring me little dead
                    things.


          The cat PURRS like a diesel.






                    Look, I'm from Pontiac.




                    Huh?




                    MICHIGAN? And if I'm a "water witch",


                           
                    --where's the secret WELL?




                    You stomp too hard and you'll fall in it!


          Coraline reacts, hops out of the springy circle. The boy
          scrapes at the ground, revealing a CIRCULAR COVERING
          made of WOODEN PLANKS. He wedges a fallen branch under
          one side, and, using a rock for the fulcrum, pries up the
          covering.




                    See? Supposed to be so deep if you fell
                    to the bottom and looked up, you'd see a
                    sky full of stars in the middle of the
                    day.






                    Huh.


          Her frown RELAXES and the black cat tilts his head,
          noticing her change in tone. He steps off the branch, and
          the well cover thumps in place.




                    Surprised she let you move in...


          Jerks his head toward the pink house in distance.




                    ... my Gramma. She owns the "Pink Palace"
                           
                    Won't rent to people with kids.




                    What do you mean?




                           
                    Uh... I'm not supposed to talk about it.


          Changing the subject, he lifts a gloved hand to shake.




                    I'm Wybie, Wybie Lovat.






                    Wybie?




                    Short for Wyborne. Not my idea, of
                    course. What'd you get saddled with?




                    I wasn't saddled with anything. It's
                    Coraline.




                    Caroline what?




                    Coraline. Coraline Jones.




                           
                    Hmmm... It's not real scientific, but I
                    heard an ordinary name, like Caroline --


          Her face goes as DARK as the rain clouds above.




                    -- can lead people to have ordinary
                    expectations about a person--




                           
                    Wyborne!




                    I think I heard someone calling you,
                    Wyborne.




                    What? I didn't hear anything--




                    Oh, I definitely heard someone, Why-were-
                    you-born.


          A distant dinner bell clangs.




                    Wyborne!




                           
                    Grandma!


          He holds up his hands in surrender, nodding with eyes
          closed, forcing some laughs.




                    Heh. Well, great to meet a Michigan
                    water witch.


          He picks up his bike, wheels it around, then holds up his
          gloved hands.




                    But I'd wear gloves next time.






                    Why?


          He points to her dowsing rod, nods.




                    `Cause that dowsing rod of yours? Uh,
                    it's poison oak.




                    Ehh!!


          Coraline drops the stick as he zooms away and wipes her
          hands on her clothes.


          The cat merows at her, shaking his head with a pitying
          look, then trots away after Wybie. She STICKS OUT HER
          TONGUE at him.


          She looks down at the COVERING to the well. Coraline
          finds a PEBBLE and drops it through A SMALL KNOT-HOLE.
          Ear at the knot-hole, she counts until there's a watery
          "plop" far below. FAT RAINDROPS start to fall around her.











          It's POURING out. Coraline looks out a window at the DEAD-
          LOOKING GARDEN, and places PACKETS OF SEEDS - pumpkins,
          squash, snap dragons, bleeding hearts - on the sill.
          She's developed a REDDISH RASH - poison oak - on one
          hand.


          The main floor kitchen, like most   things in the Pink
          Palace, is barely maintained, and   looks worn and faded.
          Coraline's MOTHER, MEL JONES, 40,   bangs away at her
          laptop on the table, MOVING BOXES   stacked nearby. She's
          plain-looking and tired and wears   a NECK-BRACE.




                    I almost fell down a well yesterday, Mom.




                           
                    Uh huh.




                    I would have died.




                           
                    That's nice.


          Coraline scratches the rash on her hand, changes subject.




                    Hmmm. So can I go out? I think it's
                    perfect weather for gardening.




                    No, Coraline. Rain makes mud. Mud makes a
                    mess.


          Coraline turns to her.




                    But Mom, I want stuff growing when my
                    friends come to visit. Isn't that why we
                    moved here?




                    Something like that. But then we had the
                    accident.




                    Wasn't my fault you hit that truck.




                    I never said it was.






                    I can't believe it -- you and Dad get
                    paid to write about plants and you hate
                    dirt.


          Mel stops typing, loses her patience.




                    Coraline, I don't have time for you right
                    now. And you still have unpacking to do.
                    Lots of unpacking.




                    That sounds exciting.


          Mel remembers something.


                                 Mel 
                    Oh - some kid left this on the front
                    porch.


          Coraline walks over and is handed a NEWSPAPER-WRAPPED
          PACKAGE. Attached note reads:




                    Hey Jonesy, look what I found in Gramma's
                    trunk. Look familiar? Wybie.


          She rips open the package and finds the BUTTON-EYED, BLUE-
          HAIRED, YELLOW RAINCOAT-WEARING DOLL from the head
          credits - it's a litte Coraline!




                           
                    Huh... a little me? That's weird.


          She crumples the note, both annoyed and charmed.




                    What's his name, anyway?




                    Wybie. And I'm way too old for dolls.


          But Coraline takes it with her and leaves the room.







          CHARLIE Jones, 40, goose-necked and gangly with thinning
          dark hair, HUNT-AND-PECKS at his ancient computer,
          surrounded by boxes of GARDENING MAGAZINES and empty
          coffee cups. Coraline, with doll, opens the SQUEAKY DOOR.
          He doesn't turn.




                    Hey Dad, how's the writing going?... Dad?


          He ignores her reflection in his computer screen as he
          types away, green letters on black. She CLEARS HER






                    Hello, Coraline...
                           
                    And... Coraline doll?...




                    D'you know where the garden tools are?


          He hears rain outside.




                    It's pouring out there, isn't it.




                    Humph, it's just raining.




                    What'd the boss say?






                    "Don't even think about going out,
                    Coraline Jones."




                    Then you won't need the tools.


          Coraline GROANS, stamps her feet. Charlie just taps
          harder on the keys. Pouting, she makes the door squeak,
          opening and shutting it till he can't take any more. He
          spins around.




                    Uhhh, you know, this house is a hundred
                    and fifty years old.




                    So?




                    So explore it!


          He grabs a pen and pad, holds it out.




                    Go out and ... count all the doors and
                    windows and write that down. List
                    everything blue!


                    Just let me work.


          She rolls her eyes, takes paper and pen and leaves.












          Coraline, with doll, jumps on BUMP in carpet that moves
          with each jump.






          She wipes off the misted glass so she and the doll can
          see out, then writes in her pad: 7 leaky windows. A drop
          of water lands on the pad, smearing the ink. She adds
          really between 7 and leaky windows.






          Coraline thumps the carpet bump again and pounds up the
          stairs.






          A FRAMED PHOTO sits in the foreground on a beside table.
          It shows a younger, happier Coraline with her parents by
          the BEAR FOUNTAIN at the Detroit Zoo. RACK FOCUS to
          bedroom door as it swings into the room, with Coraline
          hanging on it. She drops to the ground and, doll and pad
          in hand, decides to check out the bathroom.


          When she pulls aside the mildewed shower curtain she
          finds a hundred skittering SILVERFISH BUGS.




                    Ewww!


          Disgusted, she jumps into the tub and smashes as many as
          she can.


          She turns on the faucet to wash her hands, only to get
          soaked with rusty water from the shower head.




                    Ahh!!


          She shakes out her hair.






          Coraline pounds down the stairs, spots the carpet bump
          again in the hallway and jumps on it. A closet door
          opens, a light on inside, and she goes to investigate.






          ANGLE OVER water heater on Coraline. She jots down one
          rusty water heater in her pad. As she leaves, she flicks
          off the light switch, not noticing a note taped beside it
          that says: Do not turn off!









          Lights flicker and then Charlie's computer dies. He
          hollers.




                    No, no, no, no, no; GAAAA--!















          Coraline reacts with guilty alarm, runs back to the
          closet and --









          -- spots the Do not turn off note. She flips the light
          switch back on and gets out of there.









          The room is faded and cold with bare windows looking out
          on rain and gray. The floor is strewn with moving boxes,
          a few pieces of furniture, Charlie's old Nordic Track. A
          few garden tools lean against one wall; a cardboard
          mattress box leans against a corner wall.


          Coraline enters, counting windows and doors to note in
          her pad. She sets the doll on a low table beside an open
          moving box and smiles.


          The box is filled with her mom's collection of
          SNOWGLOBES. She takes out her favorite - the BEAR
          FOUNTAIN AT THE DETROIT ZOO - and shakes it. She studies
          the globe and sighs with homesickness. She sets it
          carefully on the FIREPLACE MANTEL, then unwraps the rest
          of the snowglobes and places them beside it.


          Over the mantel hangs a PAINTING of a CRYING BOY IN BLUE -
          a scoop of ice cream melting on his shirt, his hand
          holding an EMPTY CONE. Coraline takes up pad and pen and
          adds to her list, muttering aloud.




                    One boring blue boy in a painfully boring
                    painting ... four incredibly boring
                    windows ... and no... more... doors...


          She turns to grab the doll off the table by the snow
          globe box. It's gone.




                    All right, little me, where are you
                    hiding?


          Scanning the room, she spots the doll LOOKING OUT FROM
          BEHIND THE MATTRESS BOX leaned against the corner wall.
          Perplexed, she walks over and kneels down to grab the
          doll when she notices SOMETHING ON THE WALL behind the
          box.


          She shoves the box aside, and discovers the outline of a
          SMALL DOOR that's been wallpapered over.




                    Huh?


          Intensely curious, she calls to the kitchen.




                    Hey Mom...









          Mom, typing away, ignores her.




                    Where does this door go?




                    I'm really, really busy!






          Coraline tries to open it but there's no handle.




                    I think it's locked.















                    Pleeeeeeeeease!


          Mel gets up, really annoyed. Big sigh.




                    Uhhh...









          She walks over to Coraline, looks at the outline of the
          door in the ratty old wallpaper.




                    Will you stop pestering me if I do this
                    for you?


          Coraline nods her head quickly, PANTING like a dog.




                    Fine.


          She heads back to the kitchen.








          Mel pulls open a drawer, pushes a bunch of loose brass
          and nickel keys aside to find a small, sharp black key.
          Holds it up.








          Mel cuts the wallpaper around the door and sticks the key
          in the lock. Coraline looks on, giddy with anticipation,
          the doll at her side. Mel turns the key, unlocks the
          door, and pulls it open to reveal ... an UNBROKEN BRICK
          WALL. Coraline is totally disappointed.




                    Bricks? I don't get it.


          Coraline scratches her wrist rash with annoyance.




                    They must have closed this off when they
                    divided up the house.


          Mel gets up to leave.




                    You're kidding? And why is the door so
                    small?


          Mel leaving room, turns back, and loses it.




                    We made a deal. ZIP IT!


          She exits. Coraline makes annoyed sound.




                    You didn't lock it.




                    AaaaaH!!!


          Coraline pushes the little door shut, her head lowered.









          WIDE ANGLE ON HOUSE. Pouring rain. We hear Charlie
          singing a song about Coraline, badly.




                    Oh, my twitchy witchy girl,









          CHARLIE, using OVEN MITT to protect his hand, takes a
          BURNED-UP CASSEROLE DISH from the oven while mom closes
          up her LAPTOP. Coraline sits at the table with her doll.




                    I think you are so nice,
                    I give you bowls of porridge
                    And I give you bowls of ice --


          CHARLIE sets the dish on the table.




                           
                    -- cream!


          Coraline pushes it away, disgusted.




                    Why don't you ever cook, Mom?




                    Coraline, we've been through this before:
                    your Dad cooks, I clean, and you stay out
                    of the way.


          Coraline HUFFS.




                    I swear I'll go food shopping soon as we
                    finish the catalog.
                           
                    Try some of the chard, you need a
                    vegetable.




                    Looks more like slime to me.




                    Well, it's slime or bedtime fusspot --
                    now what's it going to be?


          Coraline looks to her doll, cradles its head.




                    Think they're trying to poison me?


          She makes the doll's head nod "yes." Coraline rolls her
          eyes, looks up to the heavens and --









          -- falls back, washed and dressed for bed, on her pillow.
          Still raining out. Coraline puts the doll on the chair
          beside her, then scratches at her wrist. ORIGAMI
          DRAGONFLIES are strung between the tall, thin bed posts;
          the TURTLE SHELL she found in the garden sits up on a
          box, her NIGHT LAMP that projects stars and moons is
          warming up on the bedside table. Despite her efforts at
          decorating, Coraline's new bedroom feels small and cold,
          cracked and faded.


          Coraline reaches for a framed PHOTO that rests on a toy
          PRAYING MANTIS by her night lamp.


          It's her TWO BEST FRIENDS from home, posing in the snow
          by her old school's marquee, its letters rearranged to
          spell "CORALINE, GOOD BYE!" She touches her friends'
          faces with her fingertips.




                    Don't forget about me, guys. Okay?


          She puts back the photo, hits the light switch over her
          bed and, looking over at the doll, sighs.




                    Good-night...little me.


          Her breathing slows and, with the doll WATCHING HER, she
          starts to fall asleep.









          --SURREAL MIST SWIRLS out her window. MOONS AND STARS
          SLOWLY MOVE across the walls.


          SOMETHING in the room goes t-t-t-t-t-t. Coraline sits up,
          awake. SOMETHING CHITTERS under her bed. She leans over
          her bedside, head first, peering underneath when a ghost-
          pale KANGAROO MOUSE JUMPS OUT and bounds out the door.









          She gives chase, down the upper hall, down the stairs,
          snaps on the lower hall light, sees it hop into the
          living room.









          Coraline enters. The mouse edges out from beneath the
          sofa, then hops frantically toward the SMALL DOOR behind
          the wallpaper! Coraline runs and dives, but the door is
          open a crack, and the mouse escapes.


          Coraline grabs the door's edge and pulls it open. Instead
          of a brick wall, there is a DARK, EXPANDING TUNNEL, with
          the hopping mouse heading towards a bluish light at the
          far end.




                    Whoa...


          She catches her breath, pulls the door wider and CRAWLS









          Coraline MOVES FORWARD, towards the light ahead.









          Coraline steps out through the same little door, into
          what looks like the EXACT SAME LIVING ROOM she just left,
          only something is different -- it feels deeper, more
          dimensional.




                    Huh?


          She looks around, notices the painting over the
          fireplace: the crying blue boy is now SMILING, his shirt
          clean and his ice cream back on his cone.


          From across the hall, warm light comes from the kitchen
          and the smell of delicious food wafts towards her nose.




                    MMMMM, something smells good.









          Coraline enters to see her mother cooking at the stove,
          wearing an apron and ROOSTER-HEAD OVEN MITTS. The light
          and colors are much warmer and the details more perfect
          in this kitchen. Other Mother is facing away from
          Coraline as she works.




                    Mom?! What are you doing here in the
                    middle of the night?


          Her mother turns from the stove to greet her and Coraline
          is DUMBSTRUCK: she's got BUTTONS FOR EYES! She beams with
          happiness at Coraline's arrival.




                    You're just in time for supper, dear!




                    You're not my mother.




                    My mother doesn't have b-b-buh...


          Coraline points to her own eye.




                    B-b-b-buttons? Do you like them?


          She taps one with her nail.




                    I'm your Other Mother, silly. Now go tell
                    your Other Father that supper's ready.


          She opens the oven door and the intoxicating perfume of
          great cooking fills the air. Coraline breathes it in,
          suddenly VERY HUNGRY.




                    Well, go on. He's in his study.









          Coraline goes down the hall and opens the study door.









          She sees the back of a man like her father, only with
          more hair. Instead of tapping away at his computer,
          though, he's picking notes on a BABY GRAND PIANO.




                    Hello?


          He turns around. He, too, has SHINY BUTTON EYES. He seems
          happier and a little more handsome than real Dad, and
          wears an IRIDESCENT ROBE over POLKA DOT PAJAMAS, with
          ORANGE MONKEY SLIPPERS on his feet. He smiles broadly.




                    Hello, Coraline. Want to hear my new
                    song?




                    My father can't play piano.




                    No need to ... this piano plays ME!


          DR. SEUSS GLOVES ­ connected with rods and pulleys ­ POP
          OUT of the piano's front and ONTO HIS HANDS. His hands
          RAISE UP ­ then DROP DOWN to play pounding STRIDE PIANO
          as Other Father SINGS out.




                    Making up a song about Coraline.
                    She's a peach, she's a doll, she's a pal
                    of mine.
                    She's as cute as a button in the eyes of
                    everyone who ever laid their eyes on Cor-
                    a-line.


          Coraline is amazed as his hands fly.




                    When she comes around exploring
                    Mom and I will never ever make it boring
                    our eyes will be on Coraline.


          Anxious, she taps his shoulder to stop him.




                    I, uh ­ sorry ­ but she said to tell you
                    the food's ready.




                    Mmmmm! Who's starving? Raise your hand.


          He sticks his hand up, still in a glove, and his other
          gloved hand slaps his face. She LAUGHS, then covers her
          mouth.









          Other Mother sets down a HUGE, ROASTED CHICKEN near
          Coraline on a table spread with CANDLES, fine CHINA and
          SILVER and a PINEAPPLE CENTERPIECE. FIGURE EIGHT MODEL
          TRAIN TRACKS circle twin LAZY SUSANS covered in dishes of
          POTATOES, SWEET PEAS, ROLLS, and CORN. The Other Father
          seals this Norman Rockwell moment by making PRAYER HANDS
          and a solemn face.




                    We give our thanks and ask to bless,
                    Our Mother's golden chicken breast!


          He laughs with glee then a STARTING BELL rings and it's
          time to eat. Other Father really digs in while Coraline
          tries some chicken.




                    Mmmm, this chicken is good.




                    Hungry, aren't you.




                           
                    D'you have any gravy?




                    Well, here comes the gravy train! Choo-
                    choo!


          Other Mother GIGGLES as a MODEL TRAIN circles round the
          track, pulling a GRAVY BOAT CAR and blowing its whistle.
          The train goes in one side of the centerpiece and comes
          out the other, slowing till the gravy boat lines up with
          Coraline's plate, where it POURS GRAVY on her potatoes.




                    Another roll, sweet peas? Corn on the
                    cob?


          Other Mother looks on approvingly, not touching any food
          herself.




                           
                    I'm real thirsty.




                    Of course! Any requests?


          A beautiful CHANDELIER DRINK DISPENSER descends.




                    Mango milk shake?


          The dispenser SPINS, stops and fills her glass while
          Other Mother presents dessert: a cake with candles that
          POP UP and LIGHT THEMSELVES while the words "WELCOME
          HOME!" write themselves in icing. Coraline is taken
          aback.




                    Home?


          Her Other Parents squeeze each other's hands warmly.




                    We've been waiting for you, Coraline.




                    For me?




                    Yep. Wasn't the same here without you,
                    kiddo.


          Coraline remains a little unsure.




                    I didn't know I had an Other Mother.




                    Of course you do. Everyone does.


          She smiles at Coraline, her button eyes gleaming.




                    Really?




                    Uh huh, and soon as you're through
                    eating, I thought we'd play a game.


          She taps her fingers a little too excitedly on the table.






                    You mean like, hide and seek?




                    Perfect! Hide and seek in the rain.




                    What rain?


          THUNDER, LIGHTNING, then RAIN appears outside the window.




                    Huh, what about the mud?




                    We love mud here!


          Other Mother rises, walks towards Coraline.




                    Mud facials, mud baths, mud pies -- it's
                    great for poison oak.


          The takes Coraline's rashy hand, but Coraline pulls it
          away.






                    How'd you know I--


          Coraline adjusts her tone.




                    I, I'd love to play, but ... I better get
                    home to my other mother.




                    But I'm your other mother.






                    I mean my other other mother. Mom number
                    one?


                    I think I should get to bed.




                    Of course, sweetheart, it's all made up.




                           
                    But ...


          Other Father steps in beside her.




                    Come along, sleepyhead.


          They lead her from the table towards the stairs to her
          bedroom.









          In this world, Coraline's bedroom is a dream come true:
          it is filled with rich color and light; there's a fire in
          the fireplace, a sheer, lacy canopy over her now
          beautiful bed. And her favorite toys are alive!




                    Wow.


          Her ORIGAMI DRAGONFLIES FLUTTER towards her.




                    Hello Coraline, hello, hello!


          Her BLUE SQUID greets her with a WAVE of its tentacle.




                    What's shakin', baby?




                    Hello.


          The TURTLE SHELL she'd found CIRCLES HER FEET on clothes
          pin legs, making PANTING SOUNDS. She laughs, then hears
          two voices from beside her bed.






                    Hey, how zit goin', yuper!






                    Where's your swampers and tuke?


          She jumps onto the bed, grabs the photo of her best
          friends from home, now ALIVE IN THE PHOTO.




                    Kripes a-mighty, how are my best trolls?
                    I can't wait till summer. You're both
                    comin', right?




                    We're already here, Coraline --








                    -- gone to Or-e-gine!


          Coraline grins hugely, then, exhausted, she yawns,
          stretching out her arms.


          The Other Mother, in the bedside chair, takes her hand
          and applies some SOOTHING BLACK MUD to Coraline's poison
          oak rash.




                    Oh, the mud...


          The Other Mother gently tucks her in then she and the
          Other Father smile at Coraline as she drifts off to
          sleep.




          See you soon ...              See you soon ...















          Coraline awakens. She looks around expecting bright
          colors, a magic dragonfly. But it's just her NORMAL ROOM:
          moving boxes; cracks in the ceiling -- nothing's changed.


          She notices the BUTTON-EYED DOLL on the chair where she
          left it, where the Other Mother was sitting. She picks it
          up, absentmindedly goes to scratch her wrist. She stops,
          noticing that the rash on her wrist IS GONE.






                    It's gone, my poison oak, it's gone!...









          Coraline goes to the little door, still ajar. She peeks
          behind and finds the WALL OF SOLID BRICKS. Yes, it was
          only a dream.






                    Huh?


          She shakes her head and pushes the door shut. The kettle
          blows from the kitchen.








          Breakfast. Mel and Charlie finish their "Go Lean
          Breakfast Twigs" and mugs of instant coffee. Preoccupied
          with their work, they half-listen as Coraline recounts
          her dream, her breakfast untouched. FOG lies outside the
          windows.




                    It was incredibly real, Mom! Only you
                    weren't really you; you were my other
                    mother.






                    Buttons for eyes, huh?
                           
                    Coraline, you only dreamed you ate all
                    that chicken. Take your multi-vitamin, at
                    least.




                    You were in the dream too, Dad. You had
                    wild-looking pajamas and orange monkey
                    slippers.




                           
                    Orange? My monkey slippers are blue.


          He stands, put his dishes in the sink. Whispers over his








                    Pssst. Can you get me some of that magic
                    mud you were talking about?


          She points to her rash-free wrists. He nods.




                    Because I have a terrible case of
                    writer's rash. On my---.


          Mel CLEARS HER THROAT, interrupting.




                    If the real Charlie Jones wants his pages
                    edited, he'd better wrap them up ASAP.


          He crisply salutes her, turns on his heel, and marches
          out the door. Mel gets up to clear the table with
          Coraline.




                    Coraline, why don't you go visit
                    downstairs? I bet those "actresses" would
                    love to hear your dream.




                    Miss Spink and Forcible? But you said
                    they're dingbats.






                    Uh huh.


          Coraline sighs, gets up to go.









          It's drizzling and a WHITE FOG has lowered over the house
          and grounds. Coraline ­ yellow rain poncho, garden SHEARS
          in hand ­ opens the front door. Stepping out onto the
          porch, she TRIPS on a big bundle of mail. Annoyed, she
          picks it up, starts leafing through the envelopes.




                    Bo-bin-sky...Bo-bin-sky....Bo-bin-sky...


          Smells something bad, sniffs the envelopes.




                    Ohh, Poo-eeeee!


          She goes down the front steps and finds a sign that reads
          "Bobinsky there" with an arrow that points up long,
          winding outside stairs. With an "oh well" shrug, she goes
          up.









          At the top, she knocks on the door, a little anxious.




                    H-hello?...


          She knocks again.




                    I think our mail got mixed up.    Should I
                    leave it outside or...


          The door swings open. Curious, Coraline peeks inside:
          it's dark and cramped with something boiling on the stove
          and a caged chicken.




                    Hmmm...


          Suddenly a HUGE BLUE MAN swings down behind her and










          She whips around to find MR. Bobinsky - upside down,
          reaching right at her face! She ducks and he reaches past
          her to his actual target - his door knob - and pulls it
          shut.
          The Russian giant, dressed in a sleeveless T-shirt and
          shorts, pulls a RAW BEET from his pants. He's not happy.






                    Famous Jumping Mouse Circus not ready,
                    little girl!






                    Circus?... Oh, uh, I brought this for
                    you.


          She holds out his mail. Bobinsky takes it, smelling the
          stinky envelopes deeply. Nods approvingly.






                    Mmmm... Noviseer.




                    Huh?




                    New "cheese" samples.


          He swings down like a spider monkey and stands beside her
          on the balcony. Coraline backs away.




                    Very clever, using this "mix up" to sneak
                    my home and peek at meeshkas




                    Meeshkas?




                    The Mice!




                    Oh, sorry. I'm Coraline Jones.






                    And I am the Amazing Bobinsky! But you
                    can call me Mr. B, because amazing I
                    already know that I am.


          He smells his mail again, makes pleased sound, then seems
          to fall off the side of the third story porch! Coraline
          rushes over, looks down. He cartwheels in from the porch
          railing behind her.




                    Ha! You see, Caroline, the problem is my
                    new songs go oompah oompah. But the
                    jumping mice play only toodle toot, like
                    that. Is nice, but not so much amazing?
                    So now--
                           
                    --I switch to stronger cheese, and soon ­




          He opens his door, crouches low and turns. He hands her a
          beet.




                    Here, have beet. Make you strong.
                           
                    Daas vee DAAN ya, Caroline.


          He scuttles inside and slams the door shut. Coraline
          mutters.




                    Cor-a-line.


          Looking at the beet, she makes a disgusted sound and
          tosses it away, then heads down the stairs.








          When she gets to the bottom, she starts towards the back,
          gardening shears out.




                           
                    Oompah oompah, toodle toot, toodle toot.








          She looks up.




                    No!!!


          Bobinsky LEAPS all the way to the ground, landing beside
          her, out of breath.




                    The mice...asked me to give you message.




                    The...jumping mice?


          Mr. B nods gravely. He leans down, so close his moustache
          touches her ear, and whispers, his voice DEAD-SERIOUS.




                    They are saying: do not go through leetle
                    door. Do you know such a thing?


          Coraline is startled.




                    The one behind the wall paper? But...
                    it's all bricked up.


          The old man shrugs, straightens.




                    Bah. So sorry, is nothing. Sometimes the
                    mice are leetle...


          He points to his head and rotates his finger.




                    ...mixed up, hmmm? They even get your
                    name wrong, you know. They call you
                    Coraline instead of Caroline, not
                    Caroline at all.


          He starts back up the stairs.




                    Maybe I work them too hard...


          Coraline stares after him.









          SHEARS IN HAND, Coraline approaches the family VW, where
          one PINK SUITCASE remains tied to the roof. She snips it
          free and takes out her special HAT, a black Japanese
          schoolboy's cap.









          Coraline climbs down the steps to the basement flat. At
          the door, she tries the comedy/tragedy door knocker and
          waits. Nothing. She glances down at the doormat - it
          reads "No whistling in the house."


          She peers through the door glass. A YAPPING DOG suddenly
          LEAPS UP inside, startling her, and a moment after, MISS
          SPINK ­ wearing some sort of house robe ­ opens the door
          and three SCOTTIE DOGS ­ HAMISH, JOCK, AND ANGUS ­ shoot
          out and surround Coraline. Spink tries to quiet them
          down.






                    Oh cease your infernal yapping!
                           
                    How nice to see you, Caroline. Would you
                    like to come in? We're playing cards.




                    Still Coraline, Miss Spink.




                           
                    Miriam, put the kettle on!









          Miss Spink leads Coraline into the living area, as MISS
          FORCIBLE, taller and sporting a platinum wig and a very
          large bosom, prepares tea in the kitchen to the side. The
          dogs race ahead and jump onto the sofa. Coraline scans
          the walls to see framed POSTERS from the "Shakespeare"
          the ladies used to perform like King Leer and Julius
          Seize Her. Miss Forcible peers out her, half-blind
          without her glasses.




                    April, I think you're being followed.




                    It's the new neighbor, Miriam - Caroline?
                    She'll be having the Oolong tea.




                    No, no, no, no. I'm sure she'd prefer
                    Jasmine.




                    No, Oolong.




                    Ah, Jasmine it is, then.


          Forcible grabs a handful of tea, puts it in the pot and
          pours boiling water in.




                    Come on, boys!


          The dogs leap off the sofa and, as Coraline takes their
          place, she looks to the side and sees a towering bookcase
          filled with STUFFED SCOTTY DOGS IN KNITTED SWEATERS WITH








                    Are those dogs .... real?






                    Our sweet, departed angels. Couldn't bear
                    to part with them ... so we had them
                    stuffed.








                    Now, there's Hamish the third, the
                    fourth, the eighth, the ninth. Angus the
                    second, the fifth, the..


          Miss Forcible arrives with a tea tray and urges Coraline
          to take a candy as Spink goes on and on.




                    Oh go on, have one ­ it's hand-pulled
                    taffy from Brighton ­ best in the world.


          Coraline reaches for a pink and green one. But the taffy
          is so old and sticky, her fingers get stuck. Then her
          other hand gets stuck, trying to get the first hand out.




                    ...seventh, the third, the ninth, yes,
                    the fourthI'm right; and Jock Junior,
                    Jock senior, Jock the third, the
                    fourth...


          Coraline, using her feet, finally un-sticks the candy
          bowl which FLIES UP and sticks to the ceiling.




                    ...oh, and that's Jock's 2nd cousin,
                    twice removed.


          She turns to Coraline, about to sip her tea. Spink
          indicates cup.




                    I'll read them, if you like.




                    Read what?




                    Oh, your tea leaves, dear. They'll tell
                    me your future. Drink up then, go on.


          Coraline gulps down the bitter brew.




                    No, not all of it, not all of it. That's
                    right, now hand it over.


          Coraline passes her the cup. Spink puts a saucer on top
          and swirls it three times, removes the saucer and peers
          in at the abstract leaf pattern. She purses her lips.




                    Oh... Caroline, Caroline, Caroline; you
                    are in terrible danger.


          Miss Forcible snorts.




                    Oh, give me that cup, April, your eyes
                    are going.




                    My eyes! You're blind as a bat!


          Spink passes the cup to Forcible, who adjusts thick
          glasses and peers closely into it.




                    Oh, now, ummm... not to worry, child,
                    it's good news: there's a tall, handsome
                    beast in your future.




                    A what?




                    Miriam, oh really, you're holding it
                    wrong.


          Spink forcibly rotates the cup.




                    See? Danger!


          Coraline wants more information.




                    What do you see?


          The ladies, heads side by side, gaze into the cup. We see
          a SPIKY CLAW formed from the leaves.






                    I see a very peculiar hand...


          Forcible rotates the cup back again. Upside down, the
          claw hand looks like a GIRAFFE.




                    I see a giraffe.




                    Giraffes don't just fall from the sky,
                    Miriam.


          The stuck candy dish suddenly CRASHES to the floor.




                    Oh!




                    Oh, lord!


          Coraline asks in a practical voice:




                    Well, what should I do?




                    Never wear green in your dressing room.




                    Acquire a very tall step ladder.




                    And be very, very careful. Now, was there
                    something you came to tell us?


          Coraline thinks it over, then shakes her head.




                    No, I guess not. Thanks for the tea,
                    though.


          She gets up and leaves, the dogs immediately return to
          their sofa.




                    Toodle-oo.




                    Cheery-bye.


          The ladies resume their card game with Miss Spink turning
          to the dogs.




                    Do you have any nice Queens for mummy?









          Coraline climbs the stairs up to ground level, intrigued
          by her fortune.




                           
                    Danger?


          Behind her, a PERISCOPE RISES from the WAIST-DEEP FOG.
          Coraline just catches it in her peripheral view.


          She frowns but doesn't let on she's aware of it. She
          walks ahead nonchalantly, the periscope following her,
          then suddenly turns and GRABS it, PULLING UP WYBIE, then
          PUNCHES him in the arm.




                    Owwwwwwww!




                    Great, the village stalker.




                    Ow. I - I wasn't stalking you. We're
                    hunting banana slugs.


          Wybie takes some SALAD TONGS from a tool belt, snaps
          them.




                    What d'ya mean, "we?"


          There's a soft meowing from under his coat. He opens it
          up and the BLACK CAT EMERGES and climbs onto his
          shoulders.




                    Ha! Your cat's not wild, he's a wuss-
                    puss!


          Cat glares at her angrily.




                    What? He hates to get his feet wet. Geez.






                    Wuss-puss...


          Tired of her company, the cat jumps off Wybie, onto a
          tree and up onto the roof of the house. Coraline softens.




                    So... that doll. Did you make it look
                    like me?


          Wybie, scanning under the ground fog for slugs, sticks
          his head up for a moment.




                    Oh no; I found it that way. It's older
                    than Gramma -- old as this house prob'ly.


          Coraline is highly skeptical. Wybie returns to his hunt.




                           
                    C'mom - blue hair, my swampers and
                    raincoat?


          Wybie stands excitedly and presents a HUGE YELLOW-GREEN
          SLUG to Coraline.




                    Dang, check out Slugzilla!


          She's not impressed.






                    You're just like them.




                    Huh?


          He looks from the slug to himself.




                    I meant my parents; they don't listen to
                    me either.


          Wybie nods, not listening again, takes his camera --




                    Uh huh... You mind?


          -- hands it to her. She acts put-out, but frames a shot.
          He signals he's ready and she fires off one auto-flash
          shot after another as he strikes silly poses making SOUND
          EFFECTS: horrified of the slug one moment; ready to eat
          it the next; pretending it's something from his nose in
          another. She can't help but GIGGLE.




                    Ew!


          Finished, Wybie tosses the slug back into the fog, and
          takes the camera back. He lowers his head, thoughtful,
          then glances up past Coraline at the house. He SIGHS and
          speaks in a SAD TONE.




                    You know, I've never been inside the Pink
                    Palace.






                    You're kidding.




                    Grandma would kill me. Thinks it's
                    dangerous or something.




                    Dangerous?




                    Well... she had a twin sister.




                    So?




                    When they were kids, Grandma's sister
                    disappeared.


                    She says she was stolen.






                    Stolen?


          ANGLE from roof, over CAT'S SHOULDER as dialog continues.
          Cat senses something and turns -- it's Coraline's DOLL AT
          THE WINDOW, looking like it's spying on things.




                    Well, what do you think?




                    Uhhh, I-I don't know.


          BACK TO KIDS. Wybie, astride his electric bike now,
          WHISTLES and the black cat jumps down from the roof, onto
          his shoulders.




                    Maybe she just ran away?


          We hear Wybie's agitated grandmother call out.




                    Wyborne!


          Wybie turns away: he's said too much.




                    Look, I gotta go.


          He starts to pull away.




                    Wait a minute!


          And he's gone. PUSH IN on her pensive face.








          CU ON DOLL FACE, back in   the chair by the bed. Coraline
          takes some yellow cheese   from her pocket and puts it by
          the door: mice bait. She   lies down and her breathing
          slows, the doll watching   her with a nearly IMPERCEPTIBLE
          SMILE on its face.








          Coraline sleeping, lighting suggests another dream. SOME
          THINGS go t-t-t-t-t-t. Coraline sits up, looks to her
          door, and spots a COUPLE OF KANGAROO MICE stealing the
          last bit of cheese.









          She gives chase after the mice, hopping down the stairs
          with the cheese.









          Coraline follows the kangaroo mice directly to the little
          door, opened a crack, where they disappear.


          She pulls it open. Bricks are gone; tunnel revealed. She
          doesn't hesitate this time to crawl through the door.









          Coraline enters Other Kitchen to find Other Mother
          preparing a delicious breakfast. She looks PRETTIER
          tonight; her black hair shining, lips REDDER. She stops
          HUMMING A LULLABY to greet Coraline.




                    Welcome back, darling.




                    Hi.


          She is grating YELLOW CHEESE into scrambled eggs.




                    So thoughtful of you to send this nice
                    cheddar, Coraline.




                    Cheddar?... Oh, the mice bait...




                    Would you go fetch your father?


          Beams at Coraline.




                    Bet he's hungry as a pumpkin by now!




                    You mean my Other Father?




                    Your better father, dear.   He's out in
                    the garden.




                    But my parents don't have time to garden.


          Other Mother SHUSHES her and pops a strawberry in her
          mouth.




                    Mmmmmm!




                    Go on...


          Coraline shrugs okay, starts for the door.








          Looking out, she sees the broken-down garden from the
          real world, still grey and lifeless in the dim light.









          Coraline opens the gate to the garden. A large CRESCENT
          MOON RISES, and THINGS START TO GROW.


          Two dead shrubs start to RISE, then BLOSSOM, then the
          blossoms themselves are LIT UP by some GOLD AND AMBER




          The hummingbirds circle around Coraline, light her
          DRAGONFLY BARRETTE, then continue on, LIGHTING UP PITCHER
          PLANTS that have grown up in a nearby flower bed. A
          beautiful FROG POKES OUT of one blossom.


          The birds lead Coraline up steps past a stone wall where




          She spots the Other Father, riding a PRAYING MANTIS
          TRACTOR on the hillside, planting SEEDS that instantly
          grow into FLOWERING PLANTS.




                    Hey!!!




                    I love your garden!


          He waves back, calling:




                    Our garden, Coraline!


          A gang of SNAP DRAGONS goes at her, TICKLING Coraline
          till she falls down. Her squeals of delight grow into








                    Oh ah, stop! Stop tickling, ah!


          The Other Father hears this and looks over.




                    Oops, daughter in distress!


          He guns the tractor full-speed over a little bridge,
          grabbing a GOURD TRUMPET from a vine and blowing it.


          JACK-O-LANTERNS surface in the pond below and spout




          Arriving beside Coraline, he waggles his finger at the
          naughty snapdragons.




                    Tickle no more, you dragon snappers!


          Then he deftly cuts a bouquet of them and presents it to
          Coraline. She nods thanks.




                    Well, she says it's time for dinner ...
                    breakfast ... food?




                    Hop on, kiddo, I want to show you
                    something!


          She does. The Other Father grabs the GEARSHIFT KNOB,
          pulls it, and the mechanical mantis SPROUTS WINGS. They
          RISE in the air. Looking down, she sees that the garden
          is a PORTRAIT OF CORALINE.




                    I can't believe you did this!




                    Mother said you'd like it! Boy she knows
                    you like the back of her hand.


          He pulls a lever and they ZOOM out of frame.









          Coraline doesn't hold back this time. She stacks sausages
          on eggs on top of waffles, rolls it up and stuffs it in
          her mouth. The Other Mother FEEDS BITS OF SAUSAGE to the
          HUNGRY SNAPDRAGONS bouquet now in a vase.




                    Mmmm...so good!




                    I love dinner, breakfast food.




                    Coraline, Mr. Bobinsky has invited you to
                    come see the Jumping Mice perform after
                    dinner.




                    Really. That know-it-all Wybie said it
                    was all in Mr. B's head, I knew he was
                    wrong.




                    Well, everything's right in this world,
                    Kiddo.


          Coraline hurries to shovel in the rest of her meal, while
          her Other Parents smile at one another.




                    Your father and I will clean up while you
                    and your friend head upstairs.




                    My friend?


          There's a KNOCK at the door. Other Mother opens it to
          reveal the OTHER WYBIE. He's cleaner, with better
          posture, and cute button eyes.




                    Great... another Wybie. Hello, Why-were-
                    you-born.


          The boy nods, button eyes shining.




                    Hello?


          He just makes a shy smile, doesn't answer. She's
          confused.




                    I thought you'd like him more, if he
                    spoke a little less.
                           
                    So I fixed him.




                    So he can't talk at all?




                    Nope.


          She looks Other Wybie over appreciatively.




                    Hmm, I like it.






                    Now run along, you two, and have fun.


          Coraline heads out the door with the mute boy.









          The Other House ­ lit by amber spotlights looks MAGICAL
          with ornate GINGERBREAD TRIM; glowing TOPIARY in the
          yard. The kids come out the front door.




                    You're awful cheerful, considering you
                    can't say anything.


          Other Wybie nods in agreement. Coraline and he start up
          the stairs to Bobinsky's.




                    Uh...It didn't hurt, did it, when she...


          She points to her mouth. There's an awkward moment and
          then he points past her, excitedly: a SMALL BLIMP is
          flying towards Bobinsky's door.


          They run up the stairs and watch it slip through an
          opening above his door. Coraline knocks and the door
          suddenly SPINS, THROWING THEM INSIDE.









          They somersault to a stop and sit up. Down two rows of
          SMALL CANNONS that face each, an amazing MINIATURE CIRCUS
          has been set up, with a FERRIS WHEEL beside it.




                    Whoa... cool!


          Coraline goes right to the Ferris wheel where a
          MECHANICAL CHICKEN eats dried corn on the cob, fires up
          its belly, then POOPS OUT POPCORN into paper bags.


          Other Wybie stomps a firing button and COTTON CANDY
          shoots out of a cannon. He catches the cone, then starts
          firing off all the cannons. Coraline looks back to find
          him covered in the cotton candy.




                    Look at you!


          Spotlights come on in the big top, the entrance opens,
          and a big voice is heard over loudspeakers.




                    Lady and gentleman! For to tickle your
                    eyes and ears and making hearts to thump,
                    I ­ Sergei Alexander Bobinsky ­ am
                    introducing...


          They race to the entrance, stoop down to crawl inside.











                    ... my as-tound-ishing, stu-pen-dulous
                    and AH-MAZING Jumping Mouse Circus!


          They sit between miniature grandstands and watch as the
          little BLIMP, bathed in spotlights, enters through a
          flap. It circles around, rising to the top of the tent,
          then NOSE-DIVES towards the ground! It CRASHES in the
          center of the circus ring, and OPENS LIKE A FLOWER from
          which 50 JUMPING MICE spring up like Chinese acrobats to
          spell out C O R A L I N E.






                    My name!


          The jumping mice leap to the ground in formation,
          BRANDISH TINY INSTRUMENTS, and DRUMMERS START POUNDING.
          The DRUM MAJOR MOUSE parachutes down and whips out a
          BATON. On his signal, the group launch into a WILD




          Coraline, grinning, turns to the Other Wybie.




                    It's wonderful, Wybie!


          The boy smiles and nods to the beat of the bass drums as
          the hopping band marches in and out of ever changing
          formations - PINWHEELS, X's, CIRCLES WITHIN CIRCLES.


          They hoppers begin to SPIRAL to the center of the circus
          ring when the floor RISES UP from its center to form a
          six-foot Tower of Babel, the mice HOPPING TO THE TOP. The
          DRUM MAJOR balances on the tippy-top on a COLORFUL CIRCUS






                    Wow!


          He RUNS the ball DOWN AND AROUND the spiral as the MICE
          HOP OFF, and when he hits the ground, the TOWER DROPS
          AWAY to reveal the OTHER MISTER BOBINSKY! He CRACKS A




          Coraline and Other Wybie STAND and CLAP. Other Bobinsky ­
          in a RINGMASTER'S OUTFIT with a full length cape ­ bows
          graciously, doffing his tall black hat. His moustache is
          waxed, his eyes black buttons.




                    Yah! Whooo-oooh! That was great!




                    Very very thank you, lady and gentleman.


          On cue, the entire jumping mice band DISAPPEARS INTO
          OTHER MR. B'S SLEEVES while the drum major SWINGS UP from
          the man's moustache and onto his head, where he's quickly
          hidden by the tall black hat.




                    We loved it, Mr. B. It was ... so ... so--












                    A-mazing!




                    You are very velcome anytime you like,
                    you and also your good friend there.


          She happily turns to Other Wybie, beaming with joy.




                    Dosvedanya, Coraline.


          Bobinsky takes her hand to kiss it.









          Other Mother kisses SLEEPING CORALINE'S forehead, sits
          back in the bedside chair. Other Father, close by, pulls
          a cotton candy cone off Other Wybie and munches it.
          Coraline's Other Parents smile warmly, knowing something
          secret that makes them glad.















          EARLY MORNING. Coraline once again wakes in own bed in
          the real world, the little doll ­ left on the chair ­ now
          clutched against her chest.




                    Ughhh.


          Her gaze moves from the doll to where she left the cheese
          by the door. It's GONE. This is much too confusing.







          Coraline tries the small door in the corner wall. It's
          locked. What the heck?









          --SQUEALING brakes, as the Jones' JEEP pulls up in front
          of "Northwest Garden" headquarters. TOWNSFOLK in
          SHAKESPEAREAN COSTUMES stand about, advertising a local
          festival. Coraline is sharing her latest dream:




                    ... there were garden squash like balloon
                    animals AND snap dragons.


          ON FAMILY: Coraline continues from back seat as her
          father and mother review their work pages.




                    Oh, and upstairs I saw a real mouse
                    circus, not pretend like the crazy man's
                    in our house.


          Her parents, preoccupied, ignore her.




                    You sure you won't come?




                           
                    Don't fret, Charlie, they'll love the new
                    catalog. At least, they'll love my
                    chapters.


          Gives her an "aren't you funny" look, opens door. Mel
          looks back at Coraline.




                    I did not call him crazy, Coraline.   He's
                    drunk.


          She makes the hand-thumb bottle sign. Charlie leans in to
          Coraline, pinches her nose.




                    Well, I guess I'll see you around, you
                    dizzy dreamer.


          Coraline cuts him off, embarrassed.




                    Da-ad! I'm not five anymore.


          Dad sighs, heads up the steps to his appointment as Mel
          and Coraline drive off.









          PRESIDENT'S DAY SALE. Mel piles gray blouses, a navy
          skirt, white socks onto the arms of a CLERK.


          Sitting alone on some stairs, Coraline sees a pair of
          fancy GREEN AND ORANGE GLOVES.


          As she tries them on, a YOUNG RASCAL in costume with
          sword BOUNCES PAST her down the stairs on a WHEELED STEP
          STOOL - his FATHER in pursuit.




                    My kingdom for a hooooooorse!!!!


          There's an off screen crash, then the step stool rolls
          back to Coraline. She gets an idea.


          Mel is checking out school blouses, when Coraline rolls
          past, first one direction, then the other, modeling the
          colorful gloves. Without looking up, her mom tells her:




                    Put them back.




                    But Mom, the whole school's gonna wear
                    boring gray clothes. No one will have
                    these.




                    Put them back.


          Coraline mutters:




                    My other mother would get them.




                    Maybe she should buy all your clothes.


          Coraline scowls and stomps away to return the gloves.









          Coraline and Mel are driving home, shopping bags in back.




                    So what do you think's in the other
                    apartment?




                    I don't know. Not a family of Jones
                    imposters.




                    Then why'd you lock the door?




                           
                    Oh, I found some rat crap and... I
                    thought you'd feel ... safer.




                    They're jumping-mice, Mom! And the dreams
                    aren't dangerous; they're the most fun
                    I've had since we've moved here.




                    Your school might be fun.




                    With those stupid uniforms?   Right.




                    Had to give it a try.


          They pull into their DRIVEWAY.









          Mel pulls out salsa, mustard, catsup, stale tortillas
          from the fridge.




                    How do you feel about a mustard-ketchup-
                    salsa wrap for lunch?


          Coraline, carrying in the bags from outside, makes a
          face.




                    Are you kidding me?




                    Mmm... Had to go food shopping anyway.
                    Dad's planning something special.


          Coraline squinches up her nose.




                    Gross-gusting.






                    You wanna come along? You can pick out
                    something you like.


          Coraline plops down in a chair.




                    Oh, like the gloves?


          Mel reaches out and musses Coraline's hair. The girl
          pulls away.




                    Look, Coraline... if things go well
                    today, I promise I'll make it up.




                    That's what you always say.


          Mom rolls her eyes, shaking her head, and opens the door
          to leave.




                    Won't be long.


          Shuts the door.






                    But I might be...


          She leaves.









          Coraline pulls open the key drawer, looking for the small
          black key. Not there. She looks around, then spots it
          hanging on a hook above a door. She stands on a chair and
          snags it.









          Coraline stoops in front of the small door and pushes the
          key into the keyhole and unlocks the door.


          She listens for her mother's car. Nothing. Grasping the
          key between thumb and forefinger, she closes her eyes,
          she pulls the door open.


          ANGLE ON CORALINE: A SOFT BREEZE MOVES her hair. She
          knows before her eyes open that the BRICKS ARE GONE.






                    I knew it was real!


          She opens her eyes, smiles, and CRAWLS FORWARD.


          ANGLE ON CORALINE THROUGH WINDOW. CAMERA PULLS BACK and
          we FIND the BLACK CAT, perched on the wet window sill,
          OBSERVING Coraline as she disappears into the tunnel.
          With a look of concern, he exits frame.









          Lunch is ready and waiting for her: foot-long hotdogs
          with relish; grilled cheese sandwiches with gherkins;
          curly-fries; piles of coleslaw and potato salad; five
          flavors of soda-pop. There's a NOTE attached to a GIFT-






                    Dearest Coraline,


                     iss Spink and Miss Forcible have invited
                    you downstairs after lunch. I hope you
                    like the new outfit I made you! Love,
                    Mother.


          Coraline tears open the box and finds a pair of beautiful
          BLUE BOOTS, BLACK CORDUROY TROUSERS, and a METALLIC GREY




          She holds up the sweater to her body, smiles, then puts
          down the clothes and digs into lunch.









          Coraline, dressed in her FANCY NEW CLOTHES, steps onto
          the FRONT PORCH and BURPS. It's always nighttime in this
          world.


          A CAT MEEEROWS. Coraline looks up to see a BLACK CAT on
          the porch roof above her.


          Coraline raises her brows, studies the animal a moment.




                    Hmmm... Wybie's got a cat like you at
                    home. Not the quiet Wybie; the one that
                    talks too much. You must be the Other
                    Cat.


          The cat LEAPS down and lands on the railing by the
          basement stairs. He shakes his head and SPEAKS!




                    No. I'm not the other anything. I'm me.


          He tips his head to one side, opal blue eyes glinting.
          Coraline is surprised.




                    Um... I can see you don't have button
                    eyes. But if you're the same cat, how can
                    you talk?


          The cat shrugs from the tip of his tail to his whiskers.




                    I just can.


          He leaps smoothly from the railing and onto a large,






                    Cats don't talk at home.




                    No?




                    Nope.


          Climbs up the tree's upended roots, head held high and
          proud.






                    Well, you're clearly the expert on these
                    things. After all, I'm just a big fat
                    wuss puss.




                    Come back. Please? I... I'm sorry I
                    called you that, I really am.


          Coraline forces herself to be polite.




                    How'd you get here?




                    I've been coming here for a while.


          He DISAPPEARS behind one a thick root that sticks up,
          then REAPPEARS from a large knot hole beside Coraline,
          startling her.




                    It's a game we play. She...
                           
                    ...hates cats and tries to keep me out.
                    But she can't, of course.


          He pokes his HEAD DOWN into the knot hole, then POPS IT
          UP out of ANOTHER KNOT-HOLE, ten feet away.




                    I come and go as I please.






                    The Other Mother hates cats?






                    Not like any "mother" I've ever known.




                    What do you mean? She's amazing!


          Cat climbs the tree's branches onto the roof.




                    You probably think this world is a dream
                    come true. But you're wrong. The Other
                    Wybie told me so.




                    That's nonsense. He can't talk.


          The cat looks at her, pitying her lack of intelligence.




                    Perhaps not to you. We cats, however,
                    have far superior senses than humans and
                    can see and smell, and --


          Suddenly, the cat drops into a crouch and freezes,
          sensing something.






                    Shhhh! I hear something! Right ...over...


          He SCRAMBLES across the roof and disappears around the
          corner.


          Coraline shrugs, skeptical, and heads down to Spink and
          Forcible's, their door now circled with CHASER LIGHTS.









          She pushes past elegant VELVET CURTAINS to discover an
          enormous, darkened THEATER with dim rows of seats and a
          high WOODEN STAGE.


          A FLASHLIGHT comes towards her, carried by a black
          SCOTTIE DOG with button eyes. He looks up at her, sniffs,
          then leads her down the aisle past rows and rows of
          BUTTON-EYED SCOTTIES, to a front seat by the Other Wybie.
          She squeezes his arm hello, he looks back warmly.




                    Hey, Wybie.


          Light flash, the audience quiets, then the curtains open
          on a SEASIDE SETTING with ROTATING WAVES. OTHER MISS
          SPINK rises up on stage left, in a MERMAID SUIT, large
          WIG, BUTTON EYES, and UKULELE.






                    She's practically naked!


          And Miss Spink sings.




                    I'm known as the siren of all seven seas
                    The breaker of hearts by the bay.


          A flat cut-out ship manned by cut-out men rows in behind
          her.




                    So, if you go swimmin'
                    With bow-legged women,
                    I might steal your weak heart away.


          She bows her head and the audience of dogs THUMP their
          tails.


          Spink is LOWERED through the stage floor, the SCENERY
          CHANGES, and on the right, a huge SCALLOP SHELL RISES up
          with the OTHER MISS FORCIBLE, clad in the bare minimum -
          her homage to Botticelli's BIRTH OF VENUS. She's facing
          the wrong way.




                           
                    Oh my God.


          A dog HOWLS, alerting the near-blind lady, who turns to
          the audience and begins the next verse.




                    A big-bottomed sea witch may bob through
                    the waves,
                    And hope to lead sailors astray,
                    But a true ocean goddess,
                    Must fill out her bodice,
                           
                    To present an alluring display.


          The dogs thump and woof, Wybie and Coraline clap.


          Spink, furious at the greater reaction, gets back in the
          competition. Rising up, she makes it clear just who she's
          dissing.




                    Beware of old oysters, too large in the
                    chest,
                    Let's banish them from the buffet.


          But Forcible is up to the challenge - the scenery starts
          to change faster and faster as the ladies rise up and
          down, competing.




                    I'm far more nutritious




                    You smell like the fishes




                    Did I hear a banshee?




                    You're sea-green with envy




                    This mermaid enchantress,




                    No, I "Birth of Venus!"


          The set rigging can't take it anymore -- ropes snap,
          sandbags swing, scenery starts to fall.






                    Will send sailors swooning --oh--!




                    Will send sailors swooning --oh--!




          With a crash, the old ladies TUMBLE DOWN IN A PILE.
          Coraline winces. The audience HOWLS with laughter as the
          curtains close on the disaster.




          DRUM ROLL. A SCOTTIE DOG pushes a large BUCKET OF WATER,
          labeled "POOL", onto center stage. Spotlights tilt up to
          the top of very tall diving platforms WHERE THE OLD
          LADIES NOW STAND. Coraline can't stand it.






                    I can't look!




                    Ready to break a leg, Miriam?




                    Our lives for the theater, April!


          They begin to bounce on the diving boards. As they bounce
          up, the two troupers unzip FAT SUIT DISGUISES from which
          emerge their YOUNGER BEAUTIFUL SELVES which LEAP to catch
          matching TRAPEZE BARS that swing into place.


          Coraline LAUGHS with relief and amazement, Other Wybie
          pleased. Dogs WOOF, MUSIC BEGINS and the TWO BEAUTIES ­
          eyes BRIGHT BUTTONS, SEXY BATHING SUITS striped pink and
          green ­ SWING OUT over the stage.




                    What a piece of work is man!
                    How noble in reason!


          They FLY past each other on their trapezes, double up,
          catch one another hand to ankle. We notice a LARGE PEARL
          RING on Forcible's finger.




                    How infinite in faculty!
                    In form and moving how express and
                    admirable!


          In a SUDDEN change of direction, they SWING OUT over the
          audience, trapeze bar LOWERING and PULL CORALINE INTO THE
          AIR! She HOLLERS, terrified.


          They expertly TOSS HER one to the other, FLIPPING AND
          SPINNING, as they continue their lines. Her SCREAMS
          become CRIES OF EXHILARATION.




                    In action like an angel!




                    In apprehension how like a god!




                    Ahhh!!!




                    The beauty of the world!




                    The paragon of animals!


          Coraline swings face-to-face to the dogs in the royal box
          seats where one licks her.




                    Yeah!!


          The acrobats TOSS CORALINE UP into the air and JACK-KNIFE
          DIVE into the large bucket below. They rise up, unhurt,
          just in time to catch Coraline. The THREE BOW to
          THUNDEROUS THUMPING APPLAUSE and, as the camera pulls
          back on the scene, Other Wybie throws her a rose!









          Other Wybie escorts Coraline up the stone stairs from
          Spink and Forcible's apartment. The Other Mother and
          Other Father, a huge, full moon rising behind them, wait
          at the top of the stairs.




                    Hey there.




                    Was it wonderful, dear?


          Other Mother's hair looks absolutely beautiful and Other
          Father dapper. Coraline shakes with excitement as they
          walk toward the front porch. Other Wybie holds back,
          loses his smile.




                    Oh yeah. They swooped down and pulled me
                    right out of my seat ­ Spink and
                    Forcible. Only they weren't old ladies,
                    that was just a disguise. But then, I was
                    flying through the air and... it was, it
                    was magic.


          They walk up the front steps.




                    You do like it here, don't you, Coraline?




                           
                    Uh-huh! Good night, Wybie.


          Other Father takes Coraline inside. Wybie, at the bottom
          of the steps, looks GUILTY AND SAD. Other Mother glares
          at him, makes a huge, false smile then points to him. He
          just lowers his head.











                    You could stay here forever... if you
                    want to.




                    Really?




                    Sure...we'll sing and play games, and
                    Mother will cook your favorite meals.


          Other Mother rests her hand on Coraline's shoulder.




                    There's one tiny little thing we need to
                    do.




                    What's that?




                    Well, it's a surprise.









          Coraline is seated in her place. The Other Mother places
          a SMALL BOX with a bow in front of her, and takes her
          seat along with Other Father. Coraline excitedly removes
          the lid.




                    For you ... our little doll.


          The "surprise" is a spool of BLACK THREAD, a SILVER
          NEEDLE, and a pair of SHINY BLACK BUTTONS -- FOR




          Coraline GASPS. She looks up at her Other Parents, hoping
          it's a bad joke.






                    Black is traditional, but if you'd prefer
                    pink or vermillion or chartreuse...


          Coraline sees their button eyes changing colors, growing
          ever more panicked.




                    ... though you might make me jealous.








          She bats the box away, and her hands FLY to her face,
          COVER her eyes.










                    Oh, but we need a yes ... if you want to
                    stay here.


          Other Father tests the needle on his finger.






                    So sharp you won't feel a thi-- Oww!


          Other Mother KICKS him under the table. Embarrassed, he
          puts the needle back in the box.




                    There now; it's your decision, darling.
                    We only want what's best for you.


          She walks over and puts her hand, now ICY COLD, on
          Coraline's shoulder. Coraline PUSHES it away and STANDS






                    I'm... I'm going to bed! RIGHT NOW!






                    Bed?




                    Before dinner?


          Coraline fights to control her quaking voice.




                    I'm really, really tired. Yeah...
                           
                    I just need to sleep on things.


          Other Mother stands, masking disappointment.




                    Well of course you do, darling... I'll be
                    happy to tuck you in.


          Coraline backs away, urging them to stay where they are.




                           
                    Oh, no thanks, uh, you-you've done so
                    much already--


          She turns to leave and finds the Other Mother BLOCKING
          THE DOORWAY. Other Father joins her.




                    You're welcome. And I ­
                           
                    we aren't worried at all, darling.


                    Soon you'll see things our way.


          She lets go. She and the Other Father herd Coraline
          across the hallway to the stairs.









          Coraline carefully climbs the stairs, the Other Parents
          watching. When they can no longer see her, she RACES up
          the last steps and DASHES to her Other Bedroom.









          Coraline shuts the door and is quickly surrounded by
          fluttering DRAGONFLIES.




                    What's wrong, Coraline? Don't you want to
                    play?


          She jumps up and CATCHES the paper creatures, opens the
          TOY CHEST and tosses them in.


          The PLUSH BLUE SQUID greets her from the shelf, followed
          by the TOY TANK GIRAFFE.




                    Yeah, I wanna hugga your face!




                    Get a grip, soldier.


          She GRABS them both and drops them in the toy chest.


          Her PHOTO FRIENDS - NOW WITH BLACK BUTTONS FOR EYES -
          call out from the photo by her bed.




                    Hey!




                    Where's yer buttons, yuper?




                    You wanna stay, don'tcha?


          Coraline grabs them as well, drops them in the chest, and
          SHUTS the lid. She barricades the door with a DRESSER and
          CHAIRS and then the TOY CHEST.




                    I'm going home tonight, robots - and I
                    won't be back.


          She sits on the bed, pulls off the blue boots then CLIMBS
          UNDER THE COVERS, pulling them over her head and holding
          tight. She HUGS herself to stop shaking, knowing she must
          fall asleep in this bed to wake up in her real bed at
          home. She closes her eyes and tells herself:




                    Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep, go
                    to sleep!


          She tosses one way, then another. WE HEAR her voice






                    Go to sleep, go to sleep...


          There are strange, backwards sounds, then the eerie
          voices of Other Mother and Other Father.




                    There's just one tiny little thing we
                    have to do.




                    Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep...




                    So sharp you won't feel a thing...




                    Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep...




                    Soon you'll see things our way...


          Coraline fidgets and turns and turns again but sleep
          finally wraps her and takes her to oblivion.















          We see Coraline's room, BRIGHTLY LIT LIKE MORNING IN THE




          ANGLE ON Coraline's face beneath the covers, as she's
          WOKEN by the light. With a hopeful look, she calls out,
          pulls back the covers:




                    Mom!... Dad!..


          Her smile turns to shock -- there's a BRIGHT, FULL MOON
          in her window and it's STILL NIGHTTIME IN THE OTHER






                    Oh God, I'm still here?









          Coraline races downstairs to the Other Living Room where
          the little door home must be! But the living room is
          LOCKED TIGHT. She pulls at the handles, plants a foot and
          tries with all her might! It's no use. She stops,
          panting, then hears a piano note being hit over and over.









          Coraline opens the door and finds the Other Father
          sitting at the piano, his back to her, hitting the note.
          She speaks in her bravest voice.




                    Hey you! Where's the Other Mother?     I
                    want to go home.


          The Other Father turns around. He looks ill; his hair
          messed and his glasses askew. He speaks, his voice slowed-
          down.




                    All will be swell, soon as Mother's
                    refreshed. Her strength is our strength.


          The WHITE-GLOVED HANDS POP OUT from the piano. One COVERS
          HIS MOUTH, the other WAGS A FINGER in his face.




                    Mustn't talk when Mother's not here.




                    If you won't even talk to me, I'm gonna
                    find the Other Wybie. He'll help me.


          She turns to go.




                    No point; he pulled a long face...


          He PULLS DOWN the corners of his mouth impossibly far.




                    ...and Mother didn't like it.


          The PIANO HANDS pop out again, aggressively SHUT HIS
          MOUTH and SPIN HIM away from Coraline. Frightened, she
          runs to the door that leads outside, and pulls it open.









          She runs out the back porch, towards the Other Garden.






          She crosses the trail, the Other House in the distance.






          She runs down the path.






          Coraline runs past trees that are LUSH WITH GREEN LEAVES




          She's panting hard, and has to slow to a fast walk. The
          further she goes, the LESS TREE-LIKE the fruit trees
          become.


          She hears the CAT MEROWWW. Surprised, she looks down.




                    And what do you think you're doing?


          The cat trots along by her feet. She blinks.




                    Well, I'm gettin' outta here. That's what
                    I'M doing.


          The sky starts to BRIGHTEN and the apple trees become






                    Huh? Something's wrong. Shouldn't the
                    old well be here?


          The remnants of the trees and the sky and the ground give
          way to a PALE, EMPTY NOTHINGNESS. No ground or shadows.




                    Nothing out here ... it's the empty part
                    of this world. She only made what she
                    knew would impress you.




                    But why? Why does she want me?


          They walk over the horizon.


                                 CAT 
                    She wants something to love, I think.
                    Something that isn't her... Or maybe
                    she'd just love something to eat.




                    Eat? That's ridiculous, mothers don't eat
                    daughters!




                    I don't know. How do you taste?






          A SHAPE RISES in front of them in the whiteness and
          becomes the beautiful OTHER HOUSE. Coraline and the cat
          slow, then the front yard and topiary, the sky, hills,
          white gravel drive and the poplar trees behind them FILL






                    Huh? But how can you walk away from
                    something and still come back to it?


          The cat curls its tail into a question mark, and tips its
          head to one side.




                    Walk around the world.




                    Small world.


          Coraline shivers. The cat suddenly TENSES, focuses on a
          shrub.




                    Hang on--


          He bounds towards the shrub and chases out a CUTE
          KANGAROO MOUSE in uniform with a TINY TRUMPET. Before
          Coraline can blink, he's PINNED IT DOWN.




                    Stop, he's one of the circus mice!


          With a SWIFT BLOW of its paw, the cat KNOCKS the mouse
          into the air, and catches it in his mouth. He gives a
          QUICK, KILLING BITE - CORALINE GASPS - and the mouse
          TRANSFORMS into a BIG DEAD RAT. Coraline is stunned. He
          drops the rat on the ground.




                    I don't like rats at the best of times,
                    but this one was sounding an alarm.


          The cat picks the rat up and heads off. Slack-jawed,
          Coraline speaks with admiration.




                    Gooooood kitty.


          Coraline looks to the house with a determined look.


          On the porch, she takes out a HEAVY CANE from the
          UMBRELLA STAND and hits it into her hand.









          Coraline, standing in front of the living room doors,
          TESTS the cane in her hands, and peers down the hall for
          danger. It's dead quiet -- no piano, no sounds of
          anything.


          She JAMS the cane through the doors' handles, and PULLS
          with all her might. One HANDLE AND LOCK BREAK and the
          door swings open into the pitch black living room. The
          hall light casts a narrow path directly to the Other
          Little Door on the far wall, cracked open. She steps into
          the room.









          A huge ARMOIRE BUG suddenly crab-steps in her path,
          blocking the little door, and all around her things start
          to glow. The room has been TRANSFORMED into an amazing
          BUG MUSEUM, with all sorts of glowing, living specimens
          in the place of the old furniture and furnishings. The
          radiators are now big caterpillars, the Nordic Track a
          serving bug.


          The Other Mother speaks out, startling Coraline.




                    They say even the proudest --


          The sofa, now a LARGE BUG, turns in place to reveal her
          sitting on it.




                    --spirit can be broken ... with love.


          She's all smiles, button eyes shining, one hand held out
          in a behold my handiwork gesture.


          A BUG CHAIR scoops up Coraline and brings her to the
          Other Mother.


          The Other Mother takes a candy dish from the servant bug.




                    Of course, chocolate never hurts. Like
                    one?


          She extends a CANDY DISH filled LIVING CHOCOLATE BEETLES.




                    They're Cocoa Beetles from Zanzibar.


          Coraline is disgusted. The Other Mother takes back the
          dish and BITES OFF THE HEAD OF ONE. It's the first thing
          she's eaten in the film.




                    I want to be with my real mom and dad. I
                    want you to let me go.


          The Other Mother FROWNS, swallows. She speaks with a
          FRIGHTENING STEELINESS in her voice.




                    Is that any way to talk to your mother?


          Coraline is mad, and feeling mad makes her brave.




                    You aren't my mother.


          The Other Mother STRAIGHTENS. Her button eyes, now DEAD,
          stare into Coraline's.




                    Apologize at once, Coraline!


          Coraline stares right back, not blinking.




                    No.






                    I'll give you to the count of three.
                    One...


          Then she stands up, GROWING TALLER.




                    ...two...


          She grows TALLER STILL and SCARIER like a super model on
          steroids.








          This TALL OTHER MOTHER GRABS Coraline by her NOSE and
          DRAGS her to the hallway.




                    Ow, what are you doing!









          She PULLS Coraline down the hallway to the mirror at the
          end. Coraline flails at the Tall Other Mother with her
          fists.




                    Ow, that hurts!


          Tall Other Mother SHOVES Coraline RIGHT THROUGH THE
          MIRROR as if it was water!









          Coraline HITS the ground hard. The Tall Other Mother,
          head thrust through the mirror, stares down at her
          angrily.




                    You may come out when you've learned to
                    be a loving daughter!


          She PULLS HER HEAD OUT and leaves Coraline in DARKNESS.


          Coraline pounds on the mirror-door, kicks it with her
          blue boots. A SOB wells up in her throat.


          And then we hear a SOFT GHOSTLY MOAN.


          She turns. She can just make out a sagging iron bed. When
          the voice speaks, there is a faint glow from beneath its
          stained cover.






                    Who's there?






                    Hush! And shush! For the Beldam might be
                    listening!


          Coraline steps towards the bed, the faint glow from under
          the covers in sync with the words she hears.






                    You ... you mean the Other Mother? ...


          She gently pulls back the sheets.


          The DIMLY GLOWING GHOSTS of THREE CHILDREN, BUTTON EYES,
          SIT UP: a SWEET GIRL GHOST, Coraline's size; a TALL GIRL
          GHOST, emotional; a young BOY GHOST, very sad.




                    Who are you?






                    Don't remember our names... But I `member
                    my true mommy...


          The boy, dressed like Huck Finn, CONJURES up ghost
          flowers.


          The strange-looking flowers wither and fade. He's so sad
          that Coraline takes his cold hand and squeezes it.




                    Why are you all here?




                    The Beldam!


          The ghosts move about in a dance macabre, like ghostly
          fish in water.




                    She spied on our lives,
                    through the little doll's eyes,




                    And saw that we weren't    happy.




                    So she lured us away,




                    with treasures and treats,




                    and games to play!




                    Gave all that we asked -




                    yet we still wanted more -




                    So we let her sew the buttons.




                    She said that she loved us,




                    But she locked us here




                    And ate up our lives.


          The ghosts fall back into their bed and sink down.
          Coraline is stunned. She thinks a little and then speaks,
          trying to steady her voice.




                    Well, she can't keep me in the dark
                    forever; not if she wants to win my life.
                    Beating her is my only chance.


          A beat. Then the Sweet Girl asks in her sing-song way:




                    Perhaps, if you do win your escape, you
                    could find our eyes?




                    Has she taken those, too?




                    Yes, miss. And hidden them.




                    Find our eyes, mistress, and our souls
                    will be freed.




                    I ... I'll try.


          The ghosts PULSE with hope. Coraline sits down against
          the mirror door, bounces her head against it. She's not
          hopeless.


          Suddenly, HANDS REACH THROUGH THE MIRROR and PULL HER











          C.U. of Coraline's FACE, eyes wild, as she TEARS at the
          hands that hold her. She GRABS one and, FLIPS her MASKED
          ATTACKER onto the ground. She pulls off his mask: it's
          the OTHER WYBIE, his mouth stitched into a PAINFUL, EAR












          Coraline sits him up.




                    Did she do this to you?


          She unstitches his painfully-huge grin.




                    I hope that feels bet--




                    Shhh.


          He stops her with a finger to her lips, and points to the
          Other Living Room, its door UNLOCKED AND OPEN. He grabs
          her hand and PULLS her there.









          It's dark, the bug furniture asleep. They run to the big
          armoire bug that guards the little door and SHOVE IT out
          of the way. It CRASHES to the floor. And from upstairs, a
          voice calls out.




                    Coraline? Is that you!




                    Let's go!


          She opens the little door. A COLD WIND blows from the
          dark passageway, now filled with SPIDER WEBS and the
          SHOES, COATS, AND HATS of other kids who tried to escape.




                    Coraline...


          The tunnel MOVES at the sound of her voice. Coraline
          takes Other Wybie's arm.




                    Come on. She'll hurt you again!


          He shakes his head no, then pulls off his glove to reveal
          a HAND MADE OF SAWDUST. He blows his fingers away.


          HIGH HEELS CLICK from the stairs; she's ALMOST THERE!




                    Coraline? How dare you disobey your
                    mother!!


          Other Wybie shoves Coraline into the tunnel and shuts the
          door.









          Hunched down, she moves as quickly as she can, tearing
          through the sticky cobwebs.




                           
                    Coraline!


          Strands of web brush her face, stick to her hair; she
          closes her eyes, hands out until she finally gets to the
          little door at the other end. She DIVES, TUCKS, --









          -- AND ROLLS OUT onto the REAL LIVING ROOM FLOOR.
          Coraline SLAMS the door shut and turns the sharp little
          key ­ still in the keyhole ­ to LOCK IT.


          She stands, covered in dust and cobwebs, and calls out
          with joy and relief.















          She goes quickly through the apartment, happily calling:




                    Anybody here? Hello, hello, hello! Real
                    Dad ... Real Mom!











                    Oh, Mom's groceries!


          There are bags of groceries on the table, as if her
          mother had just gotten in. She pulls open a bag to peek
          and FRUIT FLIES shoot out. The food is spoiled.






                    Uhhh. That's disgusting.


          Door bell rings.









          She runs excitedly to the door and flings it open.




                    I missed you guys so much-- You'll never--







          But it's just Wybie, the real boy.




                    Oh... the Wybie that talks...


          He's waves, face down, awkward.




                    Huh? Ha ha ha....yeah... Um, so you know
                    tha-that old doll I gave you?


          Coraline tenses, sharp breath.




                    Um... my Gramma's real mad, says it was
                    her sister's - the one that...
                    disappeared?


          She reads him like a book.






                    You stole that doll, didn't you?


          Wybie answers quickly, guilty as heck.




                    Well, i-it looked just like you. And I




          Coraline, rushing the words, tells him the truth.




                    It used to look like this pioneer girl;
                    then Huck Finn junior; then it was this
                    Little Rascals chick with all these
                    ribbons, and braids, and....


          Her voice trails off. Coraline studies Wybie, then, snaps
          her fingers.




                    Grandma's missing sister!


          He nods, one brow raising up.




                    I think I just met her. C'mon!


          She pulls him inside and--






          --drags him down the hall.




                    Uh, listen, I-I-I'm really not supposed











          Coraline WALKS HIM to the LITTLE DOOR in the corner wall
          and points. Wybie looks around anxiously, fearful and
          curious to be in his grandmother's old house.




                    She's in there.


          Reluctantly, he bends down and reaches for the key in the
          lock.




                    C-can you ­ can you unlock it?


          She grabs his hand, stops him.




                    Not in a million years. But it wouldn't
                    matter; she can't escape without her
                    eyes. None of the ghosts can.


          Wybie stares at her, nodding his head as if he
          understands her crazy story. He changes the subject, gets
          back to his mission.




                    Huhhhhhh... So, uh, I really need to get
                    that doll?


          Coraline snaps at him.




                    Great! I'd love to get rid of it!


          She exhales in a huff. Grabs his sleeve, leads him from
          room.









          The doll's not on the bed, not on the chairs or moving
          boxes.




                    Where are you hiding, you little
                    monster?!


          Wybie nervously watches Coraline pull out her dresser
          drawers, yank cushions off the window seat.




                    You and Gramma been talking?




                    The doll's her spy! It's how she watches
                    you, finds out what's wrong with your
                    life!


          Wybie, trapped like a deer-in-the-headlights, tries to
          make sense of her remarks.




                    The doll...is my Gramma's...spy.




                    NO! - the Other Mother! She's got this
                    whole world where everything's better -
                    the food, the garden, the--
                           
                    --neighbors.


          Holds her hands up.




                    But it's all a trap!


          Wybie, eager to escape, cups hand to ear by the window.




                    Yeah... Uh, I think I heard someone
                    calling me, Jonesy.


          Coraline sees right through him.




                    Don't believe me?... You can ask the cat!


          He moves around her towards the door, turns to leave.




                    The cat... I-I'll just tell Gramma that
                    you couldn't find the doll-- OW!


          A blue boot - thrown by Coraline - HITS his arm. He turns
          back as she takes off the second one.




                    You're not LISTENING TO ME!




                    That's ... cause ... you're CRAZY!


          He FLEES as the second boot flies past. Coraline GROWLS,
          and gives chase.








          She grabs her boots from the floor, and CHASES him down
          the stairs in her socks.









          Door flies open and Wybie RUNS down the front steps to
          his electric bike. Coraline RACES down after him.




                    You creep!




                           
                    Crazy!!


          He RUNS his bike towards the FALLEN TREE, HOPS ON and
          PEDALS LIKE MAD. As Coraline hurls a boot at him, he GUNS
          the motor and escapes down a side path past the driveway.




                    Crazy?... You're the jerk-wad that gave
                    me the doll!


          Out of breath, she turns away and notices her PARENTS'
          CAR parked to the side.




                    Mom!   Dad!


          Excited, she hops over the fallen tree and runs to the
          car.







          Coraline, standing in the rain, excitedly looks through
          the car's window. But the car is EMPTY. She spots her
          mom's PHONE, then opens the door to grabs it and speed
          dial a number.




                    Pick it up, Dad, pick it up.




                    Hi!




                    Dad!   Whe-




                    I'm digging in my garden right now, but
                    leave a message and I'll get right back
                    to you.


          She dejectedly looks at the phone, then snaps it shut.




                    Where have you gone?









          Miss Spink is knitting a SWEATER WITH WINGS for a worried-
          looking ANGUS, one of the Scotties, who sits on her lap.


          Coraline sips tea, anxious, the other two DOGS beside
          her.




                    Uh... don't you only make wings for the
                    ... dead ones?




                    Just looking ahead dear... Angus hasn't
                    been feeling very well of late.




                    April? Aren't you getting ready?




                           
                    We've lost our ride, Miriam. Caroline
                    says her parents have vanished, quite
                    completely.


          ANGLE ON Miss Forcible, tightening her elaborate corset
          behind a screen, using pulleys and hooks.




                    What?! We've waited months for those
                    tickets.


          One of the corset hooks FLIES UP and pulls off her wig.
          She ignores it and comes over to address Spink.




                    I suppose we could walk!




                    With your gamy legs? It's nearly two
                    miles to the theater!


          Coraline CLEARS HER THROAT, frustrated.




                    Oh, oh yes ... your missing parents. We
                    know just what you need. Miriam,
                    get...that's right.


          Miss Forcible grabs another dish of old stuck-together
          candy and puts it in front of Coraline.




                    How is hundred-year-old candy going to




          Miss Spink suddenly RAISES her KNITTING NEEDLES as if to
          STAB CORALINE. Coraline yelps, hands up in defense. But
          it's CANDIES she attacks, sending sticky chips flying,
          making loud grunts as she stabs.


          She pulls a LARGE, THREE-SIDED CANDY WITH A HOLE IT from
          the rubble and passes it to Coraline.




                    There you go, sweety.


          Coraline studies the odd candy.




                    What's it for?


          She holds it up, looks through its hole at the ladies.




                    Well,it might help. They're good for bad
                    things, sometimes.




                    No, they're good for lost things.


          They don't look any different.




                    It's bad things, Miriam.




                    Lost things, April.




                    Bad.




                    Lost.




                    Bad things!




                    Lost.




                    Bad.




                    Lost.


          Coraline can't take anymore. She gets up, takes the odd
          piece of candy and leaves.









          Coraline, dressed for bed with her blanket over her
          shoulder, walks into her parent's room, the PHOTO of her
          and her parents at the Bear Fountain in the foreground.


          She pulls down the bed covers and builds COPIES of her
          parents out of pillows. She fits an extra neck brace on
          one pillow head and some reading glasses on the other.
          Then Coraline lies down and pulls up the covers, very
          sad.




                    Good-night, Mom. Good-night, Dad.


          She kisses them both and BEGINS TO CRY. CAM PUSHES IN.













          Coraline, asleep. SOMETHING blurs past camera. One paw
          and then two paws bat her nose. She opens her eyes to
          find OPAL BLUE EYES staring at her. It's the BLACK CAT,
          purring loudly.




                    Hello. How did you get in?


          The cat yawns, his eyes flash.




                    Do you know where Mom and Dad are?


          The cat blinks. Then he heads out the door.









          She follows him, wrapped in her blanket, to the MIRROR at
          the end of the hallway. The mirror starts to GLOW and
          then an IMAGE FORMS within the glass. It's HER PARENTS!
          They cling together, blue with cold, as snow falls.








          They look up and, with a desperate look, Mel BREATHES on
          the inside mirror-glass to fog it. She writes H E L P U
          S. ­ her fingertip squeaking on the glass like a SMALL,
          SAD BIRD. Frost RISES UP, hiding the letters and then her
          parents. The image fades.


          Coraline STRIKES AT THE MIRROR as hard as she can. GLASS
          SHATTERS and she drops to the ground, shaking. The cat
          nuzzles her..




                    How did this happen?









          From under the bed, the cat drags out the BUTTON-EYED
          DOLL, REMADE into HER MOTHER on one side, and HER FATHER
          on the other!




                    She's taken them.


          Coraline, enraged, THROWS the doll. FIRE LIGHT comes up
          on her face as the background DISSOLVES TO:









          CLOSE ON DOLL: BURNING in the FIREPLACE.


          Coraline and cat watch until the fire burns out. She
          takes a breath and looks up at the mantel.


          ANGLE ON snowglobe, the one of the FOUNTAIN BEARS from
          the Detroit Zoo. Coraline cradles it, remembering.




                    They're not coming back, are they ­ Mom
                    and Dad. Not on their own.


          The cat blinks. She looks over at the locked little door
          in the corner wall.




                    Only one thing to do.












          Series of quick shots of Coraline getting ready to go.
          Pulls her collecting bag from the closet, her puffy vest,
          her boots; grabs a candle and garden shears, puts them in
          the bag. She stands to go, taking her cap off the chair.
          The ODD PIECE OF CANDY, the triangle green one with the
          hole, drops to the floor. She hesitates a moment, then
          sticks it in her bag.









          We hear the click of the door being unlocked. It opens to
          reveal the cat, and - holding a lit candle - Coraline.
          She leaves the key in the lock, like always, takes a
          breath and crawls forward.


          The candle casts huge, flickering shadows along the wall.
          The cat, his voice returned, SPEAKS to her.




                    You know, you're walking right into her
                    trap.




                    I have to go back.


          With great feeling, she explains:




                    They are my parents.




                    Challenge her then. She may not play
                    fair but she won't refuse. She's got a
                    thing for games.


          Coraline thinks about it, remembering.




                    Hmmm, okay.


          The door at the end of the tunnel clicks open, the candle
          BLOWS OUT and the cat VANISHES IN THE DARK. Coraline
          tenses when a voice calls out.




                    Coraline?




                    Mom?


          There, framed in the open door, back-lit in blue,
          Coraline's REAL MOTHER, with neck brace and dressed in
          her shopping clothes, calls.




                    Coraline, you came back for us!










          She runs forward eagerly and--









          --out the Other Little Door, throwing her arms out to hug
          her real Mom.




                    Darling!
                           
                    Why would you run away from me?


          Coraline sees her mother's hand GROW as it wraps around
          her. Alarmed, she PUSHES AWAY and sees the DECOY MOM grow
          into the TALL OTHER MOTHER.


          The room LIGHTS UP with the glowing bug furniture and a
          fireplace fire.


          Coraline tries her best to be brave.




                    Where are my parents?


          The Tall Other Mother's button eyes GLITTER.




                    Gosh, I have no idea where your "old"
                    parents are. Perhaps they've grown bored
                    of you and run away to France?


          Her teeth gleam.




                    They weren't bored of me.   You stole
                    them!


          Other Father, a FOOT SHORTER than before, his sagging
          face a pale PUMPKIN color, his hair VINES, comes up
          behind Coraline.




                    Now, don't be difficult, Coraline. Have a
                    seat, won't you?


          Other Father, GURGLING happily, herds Coraline onto the
          walking bug chair.


          The Tall Other Mother, standing by the little door, turns
          to it and CLAPS her hands.


          A moment later, a HUGE RAT skitters out of the tunnel -
          FILLED AGAIN with spider webs and children's things -
          carrying the KEY from the real world door.


          The Tall Other Mother takes the key, locks the door, and -
          while the armoire bug assumes guard position - she








                    Why don't you have your own key?




                    Only one key.


          The Other Mother PULLS A VINE growing from his ear,






                    Shhh!


                    The garden squash need tending, don't you
                    think, pumpkin?


          She turns him around, her hands under his arms and drags
          him out.




                    Squish squash, pumpkin sauce...


          After a beat, Coraline hears the very faint SOUND OF A
          FINGER ON GLASS, just like when her mother wrote HELP on
          the mirror. Coraline jumps to her feet, looking around
          the room for a sign of her real parents.




                           
                    Mom, Dad, where'd she hide you?


          A muffled screen door slams O.S. and the Tall Other
          Mother calls to her from the kitchen.




                    Breakfast-time!


          Coraline leaves frame.









          Coraline pauses in the doorway.




                           
                    Be strong, Coraline.


          She sits at the kitchen table in her regular place, her
          back to the sink.


          Tall Other Mother, humming happily, prepares a mushroom
          omelet and bacon. Fragrant cinnamon buns bake in the
          oven.


          At the table's center, Coraline sees the box with her
          BUTTON EYES with needle and thread. A bead of sweat rolls
          down her forehead. As casually as she can, she asks:




                           
                    Why don't we play ... a game? I know you
                    like them.


          The Tall Other Mother's button eyes FLASH.




                    Everybody likes games.






                    Uh huh.


          Bacon sizzles and spits on the stove.




                    What kind of game would it be?




                    An exploring game ... a finding things
                    game.


          Other Mother tries to act disinterested, but her fingers
          drum with excitement.




                    And what is it you'd be finding,
                    Coraline?


          Coraline hesitates.




                    My real parents.






                    Too easy.


          She folds the omelet over in the pan.




                    And, and the eyes of the ghost children.


          Tall Other Mother smiles: now it's getting interesting.




                    Huh.


          The meal ready, she turns from the stove and takes the
          food to Coraline.




                    What if you don't find them?




                    If I lose, I'll stay here with you
                    forever and let you love me.
                           
                    And I'll let you sew buttons into my
                    eyes.




                    Hmmm... And if you somehow win this game?




                    Then you let me go. You let everyone go ­
                    my real father and mother, the dead
                    children, everyone you've trapped here.


          The Tall Other Mother smiles a malicious not in a million
          years smile.




                    Deal.


          She holds out her hand. Coraline doesn't reach.




                    Not till you give me a clue.


          Tall Other Mother snorts, her smile sours. She slowly
          circles Coraline, and speaks as if talking to a very
          stupid child.




                    Oh, right... In each of three wonders
                    I've made just for you, a ghost's eye is
                    lost in plain sight.




                    And for my parents?


          Tall Other Mother - standing behind her in front of the
          sink - smiles wickedly and just starts TAPPING HER BUTTON
          EYE with her finger nail. Coraline turns away from her.






                    Fine. Don't tell me...


          Extending her hand, Coraline starts to turn back.




                    ...it's a deal--


          But the Tall Other Mother HAS DISAPPEARED and the tapping
          now is the FAUCET DRIPPING in the sink.


          Coraline EXHALES, walks to the sink, stares at the
          dripping faucet.




                    What does she mean "wonders?"


          Out the kitchen window, the FANTASTIC GARDEN LIGHTS UP,
          answering her question. She FURROWS HER BROWS, thinks
          this was too easy.




                    Hmmm.













          Coraline walks through the gates. The bright magic of the
          garden is DARKER NOW, with areas of black against areas
          of glowing flowers.


          She passes the PITCHER PLANTS, and the one with the frog
          suddenly SWALLOWS the animal.


          She goes up the steps past the BLEEDING HEARTS, which now
          LEAK STICKY RED JUICE that runs down the wall.


          At the top, a few SNAPDRAGONS, feeble now, SNAP at her.
          She KICKS them down. Behind her, a brick tree ring OPENS
          like a monster's MOUTH and five HUGE, PALE SNAPDRAGONS
          sneak towards her. They ATTACK, knock her to the ground,
          spilling her bag.




                    No!!


          They GRAB CORALINE at her ankles, knees, hips, waist, and
          shoulder, and start to ROLL HER UP TOWARDS THE STONE




          Coraline is just able to GRAB her GARDEN SHEARS. She CUTS
          OFF one mutant snapdragon's head, then another, until she
          is free. The HEADLESS STEMS retreat into the rock mouth.


          Coraline, winded, goes to gather her spilled things when
          a trio of HUMMINGBIRDS/WASP HYBRIDS SWOOP IN. They don't
          attack her; instead they poke their long beaks into the
          TRIANGLE CANDY WITH THE HOLE and LIFT OFF.




                    Stop!!


          Coraline chases them, but they're getting away. As she
          crosses the little bridge, she takes off her cap and
          FLINGS IT LIKE A FRISBEE at them. SCORE! They fall to the
          ground, near the eyebrow shrubs, sawdust spilling out.
          She picks up the triangle candy.




                    Why steal this?


          With a look of what does she have to lose, she holds it
          up to her eye and GASPS.




                    Wow...


          EVERYTHING IS BLURRY GREY like a pencil drawing, all
          color gone. She scans the garden, turning slowly. As she
          turns back to where she started, she sees something,
          right in front of her: a BURNING RED EMBER -- A GHOST'S






                    That must be it.


          She lowers the stone from her eye, to see that the
          ghost's eye is the FADED STICK SHIFT KNOB from the
          preying mantis tractor, which STANDS RIGHT IN FRONT OF
          HER with the Other Father, a SQUAT PUMPKIN MAN, at its
          controls, his own hands IMPRISONED IN THE MECHANICAL




          HEADLIGHTS GLARE and the tractor ROARS TO LIFE. The
          mechanical hands FORCE Other Father to SHIFT GEARS, and
          the tractor LURCHES at Coraline, its arms SLASHING. She
          yells, backs away. Other Father calls in a garbled voice:




                    Sorrry, so sorrry, Motherrr making meeee.


          Coraline backs onto the little bridge that spans the
          fountains as the tractor moves in.




                    Don't waaaanno hurrrrrt you.


          The Other Father tries to steer the tractor away, but the
          mechanical hands are stronger. It moves onto the bridge -
          STUPIDLY SMASHING THROUGH THE PLANKS in front of it.
          Halfway over, it lurches, then STARTS TO FALL THROUGH THE
          HOLE IT HAS CREATED. The tractor hangs precariously for a
          moment.


          Other Father KICKS away one mechanical hand, and with ONE
          HAND FREE, manages to PULL OFF THE SHIFT KNOB.




                    Taaaake it!!!!!


          Coraline DIVES FORWARD and just GETS THE KNOB before the
          tractor and Other Father fall away and SINK UNDER THE




          Rippling out from Coraline like a gray wave, the entire




          Coraline CATCHES HER BREATH, shaken. The ghost eye/gear
          knob GLOWS RED, no magic candy necessary.




                    Bless you, miss, you found me! But
                    there's two eyes still lost.




                    Don't worry, I'm getting the hang of it!


          Coraline looks past the greyed garden towards the Other
          House. A LUNAR ECLIPSE has begun, the full moon a pale
          acid green.


          Coraline looks concerned, then resolved, and then she
          heads towards the house. A haunting version of Spink and
          Forcible's show song starts to play...









          CORALINE'S POV DOWN STAIRWAY: chaser lights circle the
          door at half-speed. Haunting show song continues.


          REVERSE ON Coraline. She carefully descends towards CAM.








          WE SEE her flickering shadow and then Coraline appears
          behind the entry curtains. She steps close, pulls the
          curtain open. Song stops.


          POV ON THEATER, quiet and dark save for light coming
          through entry curtains. She spots usher's FLASHLIGHT on
          the ground.


          ON CORALINE - she picks it up, clicks it on, and STEPS
          FORWARD. She sweeps the light beam around, apprehensive,
          then HEARS SOMETHING overhead. She aims flashlight up and
          startles a NEST OF BAT-DOGS - half Scotties/half bats.
          One bares his teeth and GROWLS. She clicks off the light
          and shivers.


          On stage, one spotlight and footlights FADE UP on a huge,
          wrapped SALTWATER TAFFY. It hangs from ropes and
          sandbags.


          She cautiously climbs up onto the stage. A HUMAN-SIZED
          TAFFY THING - striped pale pink and green - can just be
          seen through the wrapper. She holds her TRIANGLE CANDY-
          WITH-HOLE to her eye. There is a BLUE-WHITE GLOW coming
          from inside the wrapper.


          Coraline PUNCHES A HOLE through the paper, steels
          herself, then reaches inside. She touches something
          sticky and cold and inhuman. Clenching her teeth, she
          grabs hold and pulls out two clasped-together COLD, TAFFY
          HANDS - Young Spink and Forcible's.


          Her heart thumps. She PRIES the TAFFY HANDS open like
          scallop shells until a large PEARL-on-a-ring is revealed.






                    The pearl!


          The hands suddenly GRAB HER! She SCREAMS. Young Spink and
          Forcible, twisted together into one taffy monster, THRUST






                    Thief!! Give it back!


          Coraline PULLS AWAY, STRETCHING the candy arm out across
          the stage! The taffy monster THRUSTS OUT another paired
          arm, and starts DRAGGING ITSELF TOWARDS CORALINE, ropes
          swaying on pulleys.




                           
                    You thief! Thief! Thief! Thief! Give it
                    back! Thief! Give it back! Give it back!
                    Thief! Stop thief! Thief! Stop!


          Coraline, desperate, gets an idea. She clicks on her
          flashlight and aims it at the BAT-DOGS. They GROWL with
          annoyance, OPEN their wings.


          The taffy monster is GETTING CLOSER! Coraline hurls the
          flashlight at the bat-dogs and HITS THEM. Angered, they
          TAKE WING TO ATTACK HER - just like she planned!


          Bat-dogs are closing on the left, the taffy monster on
          the right! She waits to the very last second, and then




          BAT-DOGS AND TAFFY MONSTER COLLIDE! Coraline's hand is
          released by the taffy hands, leaving her the PEARL. The
          bat-dogs and taffy monster - stuck together and still-as-
          stone - turn to dead, grey ash, as does the stage and
          theater.


          The PEARL in Coraline's hand PULSES BLUE.




                    Hurry on, girl - her web is unwinding!


          Coraline nods, sticks the pearl in her bag, and looks up
          towards the ceiling and beyond.









          CORALINE'S MOVING POV, on lower ext stairs to UP ANGLE ON
          BALCONY. We hear haunting circus music in the air.


          Other Mr. B's Russian flag, TORN in places, waves in the
          air. The pale green moon is nearly HALF-ECLIPSED now with
          what is clearly the SHADOW OF A HUGE, DARK, BUTTON.


          ANGLE ON CORALINE as she climbs the last flight of stairs
          to Bobinsky's. She stops with a SHUDDER at the top. The
          flag has been replaced with the EMPTY COAT OF OTHER WYBIE-
          gloves, pants and sneakers pinned on - hanging like old
          laundry.




                    Oh, Wybie...


          She takes a breath, leans out over the railing and
          shouts.








          The door behind her CREAKS open. Coraline shivers - she
          is definitely scared.









          Coraline steps into the apartment and carefully shuts the
          door. The cannons and Ferris wheel are dark and quiet;
          the circus tent glows dimly. Pale green moonlight shines
          in patches through holes in the roof. The corners and
          edges of the room are very dark.


          OTHER BOBINSKY suddenly CRAWLS by the door behind her.
          Coraline whips around, on guard. He LOOMS UP past the
          cannons on her right, leaning towards her.




                    Hello, ga-LOO-boo-shka.


          There are too many joints in his arms and legs.




                    I'm Coraline.


          His tall, crooked hat is pulled so low, and his collar so
          high, that his face is completely hidden.


          He throws out his arm towards her and the CIRCUS BALL
          from the mouse circus rolls from his sleeve to his hand.




                    Is dis vhat you're looking for?


          She looks through the hole of the triangle candy and sees
          an AMBER GLOW ­ the THIRD GHOST'S EYE!




                    Uh-huh.


          She grabs for it, but he's too quick. He back-bends to
          all fours and SCUTTLES around her towards the back
          shadows.




                    You tink vinning game is goot ting?


          Coraline holds up the triangle candy, scans the room for
          him. His voice sounds distorted now.






                    You'll just go home and be bored and
                    neglected...


          WE SEE him twine up a post behind Coraline, crawl out on
          a beam...






                    ...same as alvays.


          He SWINGS UPSIDE-DOWN from his ankles, his head stopping
          right by Coraline's. She whips around, alarmed.






                    Stay here vis us; vee vill listen to you
                    and laugh vis you.


          He DROPS to the floor on his head, then SLITHERS into the
          circus tent. Coraline does not want to follow him. But
          she does.









          The Other Mr. B is perched on a pile of MOLDY CHEESES in
          the center of the ring. He moves like all his bones are
          broken.




                    If you stay here, you can have vhatever
                    you vant, vsig-DA - alvays.


          Coraline raises the triangle candy to her eye, sees the
          AMBER GLOW coming from inside his hat.




                    You don't get it, do you?


          She moves closer.




                    I don't understand.


          Small forms MOVE under the back of his coat.




                    Of course you don't understand. You're
                    just a copy she made of the real Mr. B.




                           
                    Not even that anymore.


          Coraline pulls off his hat. Instead of his head, a HUGE
          PALE RAT SITS THERE - holding the circus ball. It barks
          at her then DIVES DOWN the coat collar.


          RATS leap from COAT SLEEVES and PANT LEGS, Coraline pulls
          back, HORRIFIED, as the clothes collapse, scanning around
          for the circus ball.


          There's a rat bark behind her and she turns. The HUGE RAT
          - balanced on a wheel of cheese, circus ball in paws -
          TAUNTS HER, then RUNS THE CHEESE OUT THE DOOR! She GIVES











          The OTHER RATS RACE behind the twin rows of cannons - the
          cheese wheel rat rolls through them, heading towards the
          door!


          Coraline CHARGES. The cannons, manned by rats, FIRE
          COTTON CANDY at her. She's HIT in the side, her leg, her
          ribs; she weaves and STUMBLES, the shots landing like
          punches.




                    Ahhh! No!!


          A PET DOOR - perfectly shaped for the rat on the wheel -
          appears in the front door as the rat approaches.


          Coraline looks up to see the PET DOOR OPEN and the CHEESE-




          Coraline takes her triangle candy stone and THROWS IT as
          hard as she can AT THE RAT.


          The whistling candy FLIES through the pet door towards
          the RAT, just outside.







          The RAT DUCKS, the CANDY MISSES, and the cheese-wheel rat
          ESCAPES down the stairs with the ball.







          Coraline, lurching forward, HOLLERS.








          Two waiting rats - tail tips tied - pull tails tight, and
          TRIP her. She CRASHES THROUGH THE DOOR AND--.









          --OUT onto the balcony which TEARS AWAY FROM THE HOUSE
          with ATTACHED STAIRWAY.




                    Noooo!


          The whole rig, with Coraline on top, ROTATES as it
          collapses, THROWING CORALINE toward the front of the
          house when it HITS THE GROUND. She BLACKS OUT a moment.


          WHEEZING for breath, Coraline pushes up on hands and
          knees and SCANS past the topiaries and poplars and white
          gravel driveway, looking for the cheese-wheel rat and
          circus ball. No cheese-wheel rat, no circus ball ghost
          eye.


          Coraline, lit by a NARROWING BAND of pale green light,
          turns to look at the moon. It's nearly covered now by the




          Her HAND stings from a scrape. BLOOD trickles from her
          knee. She feels nothing but COLD LOSS.






                    Oh God, I've lost the game; I've lost
                    everything.


          She sobs, hugs knees and face to chest. The band of light
          that illuminates her is narrowing to near-gone.


          In the foreground, the HEAD of the cheese-wheel rat -
          CIRCUS BALL IN ITS TEETH - DROPS ON THE GROUND. Sawdust
          leaks from its neck. Band of light STOPS NARROWING, the
          eclipse paused.


          There's a familiar MEROWWW and Coraline looks up.


          Across from her on the front yard, sits the BLACK CAT,
          licking his paws, rat's head and circus ball at his feet.




                    I think I mentioned that I don't like
                    rats at the best of times.


          Coraline smiles, walks towards him.




                    I think you might have said something
                    like that.




                    It looked like you needed this one,
                    however.


          He bats the circus ball and it rolls to Coraline.


          She picks it up , sticks it in her bag. Around her, the






                    Thank you.


          Looks towards house.




                    I'm heading inside. I still have to find
                    my parents.






          ANGLE ON MOON. The stalled eclipse STARTS AGAIN, and in
          one beat, the last sliver of green moon is FULLY BLACKED
          OUT. The EDGES of the button shadow start to FLAKE AWAY.


          ON CORALINE WITH CAT. A strange insect thrumming has
          begun. What appear to be grey paint chips or bits of
          paper are falling. Confused, she looks up to see:.


          The huge button shadow is EATEN TO NOTHING and then the
          SKY around it IS EATEN AS WELL, revealing dirty white
          light. The destruction TRAVELS from sky to the distant
          hills, the sound of a million, invisible locusts growing
          louder.


          UP ANGLE ON CAT AND CORALINE. The cat hisses. Deeply
          alarmed, they look from one direction to another.


          POV out front yard. The destruction TRAVELS up the
          driveway, PULLS APART the poplars, and then UNRAVELS the
          topiary elephant and bird.


          DOWN ANGLE ON Coraline and cat, his TAIL TWITCHING. WE
          PULL BACK to find they are at the center of a RAPIDLY




          NEW ANGLE on Coraline and cat as ground beneath their
          feet STARTS CRACKING, white light coming through. Cat
          makes a fearful sound, afraid for the first time in the
          movie!


          Coraline holds out her arms to the trembling animal, her
          guardian angel.




                    Come on, quickly!


          The cat LEAPS and she catches him, then CARRIES HIM up
          the DISINTEGRATING porch steps to the front door. She
          gets through just in time, and SLAMS it shut!









          It's dark and stable in here, with just some creaks and
          intermittent vibrations. A poisonous green light spills
          from the other living room.


          Coraline goes there, carrying the cat over her shoulder,
          past wallpaper that PEELS UP as she passes, to the room
          where she last heard the sound of her mother's finger on
          glass.









          A poisonous GREEN FIRE - LIKE SLEEPY SEA SNAKES - BURNS
          in the fireplace. The bug furniture looks grey now, their
          lights flickering as if short-circuited; legs and wings
          twitching uncontrollably.


          Coraline scans the walls, the ceiling, looking for a sign
          of her parents.


          ANGLE ON CORALINE in foreground. She senses the Other
          Mother behind her, a creature who is no sort of Mother at
          all but a witch, a Beldam. She turns.


          The Beldam is hunched on the sofa - her face hidden.




                    So, you're back....


          Her voice sounds dry and tired. She turns her face
          towards Coraline. It is a WHITE DEATH MASK, cracked and
          peeling - her true face.




                    And you brought vermin with you.


          Coraline shudders and steps back. The cat makes a fearful
          sound and digs his claws into her shoulder.




                    No, I ... I brought a friend.


          The Beldam rises up 12 FEET TALL. She is WITHERED to the
          bone; with plate-like shoulders and hips; her bustle now
          an arachnid's tail section. Her true form.


          She reaches her long, sharp FINGERS MADE OF NEEDLES to
          Coraline's face.






                    You know I love you.


          Coraline works hard to not show how freaked out she is.




                    You, you have a very funny way of showing
                    it.


          The Beldam smiles, turns away, then back, her hand
          outstretched.




                    So?     Where are they - the ghost eyes?


          Coraline pulls out the three spheres from her bag and
          starts to hand them over. But she catches herself.




                    Hold on.


          And pulls back.




                    We aren't finished yet, are we?


          The Beldam looks daggers, then smiles sweetly.




                    No, I suppose not. After all, you still
                    need to find your old parents, don't you?
                    Too bad you won't have this.


          She produces the TRIANGLE CANDY that Coraline lost and
          FLINGS it into the green fire. The Beldam laughs while
          the MAGIC BURNS out of the candy with sparks and pops.


          ON CORALINE. The third ghost eye PULSES WITH AMBER LIGHT
          in her hand. Coraline turns away, so the witch won't see.




                    Be clever, miss; even if you win she'll
                    never let you go!


          Coraline looks towards the locked little door behind the
          armoire bug and understands: she's got to get the Beldam
          to unlock it! She furrows her brow as an idea comes to
          her then nods.


          She turns to the witch and in the most confident tone she
          can muster, says:




                    I already know where you've hidden them.


          The Beldam turns from the fire, both concerned and
          sceptical.




                    Well... produce them.


          Coraline points to the little door.




                    They're behind that door.


          The Beldam leans close, knowing Coraline is wrong, and
          speaks very quietly.




                    Oh, they are, are they?


          A smile creeps onto her terrible face. And she STARTS
          TOWARDS THE LITTLE DOOR, moving in an odd, laboring way,
          as if she had four legs instead of two. She signals the
          armoire bug to stand aside, her back to Coraline.


          Coraline hears the soft chirp of her mother's finger on
          wet glass! Looks around, desperate - where is it coming
          from?!


          The cat's ears twitch and focus, and then he SEES
          SOMETHING on the mantel!. He whispers to Coraline --




                    There!


          -- and JUMPS to land beside the DETROIT ZOO SNOW-GLOBE -




          C.U. ON SNOW-GLOBE. With a SOFT-CHIRP, a section of glass
          is WIPED CLEAR from inside by a TINY FOREARM - and we see
          the tiny, cold figures that are CORALINE'S TRAPPED
          PARENTS! Coraline's heart races. She purposely stays back
          from them.






                    Mom.   Dad!


          ON BELDAM, by little door. Oblivious to Coraline's
          discovery, she COUGHS up the KEY into her hand. She turns
          to Coraline, expectantly.




                    Go on.   Open it. They'll be there, all
                    right.


          The Beldam stoops to push the key into the lock, turns
          it, leaves the key in place.


          She grins at Coraline and speaks in a low, sing-song
          voice.




                    You're wrong, Coraline!


          She opens the little door, revealing the empty, spider-
          web tunnel.


          ON CORALINE, who glances from the open door to the cat -
          obscured on the mantel - and back to the Beldam. She's
          thinking very hard.






                    They aren't there.


          She opens her hands: one holds box with Coraline's BLACK
          BUTTON EYES, the other a THREADED NEEDLE. Triumphant, the
          Beldam softly gloats:




                    Now you're going to stay here forever.


          Coraline strikes a warrior's pose, and, summons all the
          fury she can.




                    No ... I'm ...


          She GRABS THE CAT off the mantel and RAISES HIM OVER HER










          And she HURLS THE CAT at the Beldam. The YOWLING ANIMAL -
          face shocked with surprise - SAILS through the air and
          lands RIGHT ON THE ASTONISHED WITCH'S HEAD.


          FREAKED-OUT, the cat DIGS in his CLAWS AND BITES the
          shrieking Beldam, who STAGGERS to one side of the little
          door.


          Coraline GRABS the SNOW GLOBE with her parents inside,
          stows it in her bag, and moves out to approach the door
          from the other side.


          The Beldam FLAILS WILDLY at the cat. The cat HOWLS LIKE A
          BANSHEE, RAISES HIS CLAWS, and - quick as you can - TWO




          ANGLE ON CAT as he's thrown on armoire bug.


          ON BELDAM, hands covering her face.








          Her hands pull away to show EMPTY, FLAT SOCKETS and TORN






                    You horrible cheating girl!


          She furiously STOMPS the floor which FLIES UP in a spiral
          of floorboards that drive Coraline to the room's center.
          A huge WEB TRAP LIES BENEATH THE FLOOR!


          The web trap STRETCHES DOWN into a FIFTY FOOT DEEP PIT.
          There is nothing beyond but PALE NOTHINGNESS.


          The cat scrambles along the tops of falling furniture
          straight to the little door and disappears into the
          tunnel.


          Coraline falls the very bottom of the web.


          Fifty feet above, the Beldam LAUGHS MANIACALLY and LEAPS
          DOWN like a huge, flying spider!


          Coraline manages to pull herself to the outside of the
          trap JUST AS THE BELDAM LANDS.


          The witch - furious her prey has escaped - spins around,
          grasping blindly.




                    Noo!! Where are you? You selfish brat!!


          Coraline, nearing the top, looks up and spots the LITTLE
          DOOR, still in the corner wall of the Other Living Room.
          She goes to climb back inside the web, when her bag GETS
          CAUGHT on a barb. She pulls and pulls until it breaks
          free, sending a STRONG VIBRATION DOWN THE SPIRALING WEB






                    Hahahaha...


          The Beldam smiles - she knows where her prey is now!


          Coraline makes it to the little door, but the BELDAM IS

















          Coraline SCRAMBLES through the door, KEY IN HAND, and
          grabs the door's handle. Before she can shut it, the










          Coraline KICKS HER IN THE FACE, knocking her back. The
          cat takes off down the tunnel.


          Coraline nearly shuts the door, when NEEDLE FINGERS GRAB
          HOLD THROUGH THE CRACK. The door STARTS TO PULL OPEN!








          The ghost children's FLUTTERY, DISMEMBERED HANDS FLY OUT
          FROM HER BAG and GRAB HOLD OF CORALINE'S HANDS that grip
          the door's handle. And her STRENGTH IS QUADRUPLED.


          The door STARTS TO SHUT. The Beldam SNATCHES DESPERATELY
          at Coraline, reaching through the closing gap with one
          thin claw. There's a final moment of resistance - the
          Beldam's wire-thin wrist caught in the door - and then
          SNAP! The DOOR SHUTS, and the Beldam's hand drops to the
          ground!


          She SCREECHES like a metal rake on pavement!


          Coraline just manages to lock the door in the dark when
          it is POUNDED from the other side, green light coming
          through cracks! She takes off down the tunnel, stooped
          down, as fast as she can.


          The pounding grows more insistent, green light flashing.










          And then the tunnel behind coraline STARTS TO GROW
          SHORTER, like a collapsing accordion and the pounding far
          door with the blind, one-handed Beldam on the other side




          Ahead, DAYLIGHT APPEARS, and then the LITTLE DOOR TO THE











          Coraline FLINGS HERSELF through the doorway, SHUTS AND
          LOCKS THE DOOR and BRACES HERSELF AGAINST IT. A split-
          second later, the OTHER WORLD DOOR CATCHES UP WITH A
          CRASH! Coraline is THROWN BACK. But the real-world door
          and lock, hold. It's over...


          Coraline lies on her back, as beat-up and tired as she's
          ever been, GULPING in breaths of air till her heart slows
          a little. The room is brightly lit by sunlight, the first
          since she moved here, and the sky out the windows is blue
          with white clouds.


          She smiles, remembering, and turns to her bag with the
          ghost eyes and snow globe with her parents inside.


          She opens it up, and searches, shoving aside ghost eyes
          and garden shears. But the snow globe is GONE!


          She gets on all fours, starts searching the floor. Her
          hand hits a small PUDDLE by the fireplace, with tiny
          bits of BLUE SNOW. A drip plops down, then another. She
          looks up to the mantel and spots the MISSING SNOW GLOBE.
          She stands up and finds that it's BROKEN OPEN, and
          neither her parents or the fountain bears are inside.


          As the last of the snowy liquid drains from the globe,
          Coraline's face clouds with confusion and fear: What does
          this mean and where are her parents? Then her WONDERFULLY
          REAL MOTHER calls to her.




                    Coraline? We're home!


          Her TRUE PARENTS enter the room from the hallway, a
          dusting of snow on their shoulders and hair.




                    Mom! Dad! I missed you so much!


          Coraline runs to her parents and throws her arms around
          them.




                    Missed us?


          C.U. ON CORALINE. Huh?


          Mel notices the broken snow globe.




                    Oh no, you broke my favorite snow globe.




                    I didn't break it. It must've broke when
                    you escaped.


          Mom spots her bloody knee.




                    And cut your knee.


          Charlie crouches low, clutching his briefcase.




                    Coraline, I asked you to count all the
                    windows, not put your knee through them.








          Mel tells her.




                    Well, get yourself cleaned up,


                    we're going out tonight.




                    We gotta lot to celebrate!


          Coraline, confused, takes a stab.




                    You're talking about... your garden
                    catalog?




                    Of course! What else?


          Her parents turn to leave the room.




                    But look at the snow on your clothes...?


          But the snow melts without a trace.






                    What's gotten into you, Coraline?


          Her parents walk off. Coraline shrugs her shoulders and
          looks back to the broken snow globe on the mantel. She
          cocks her head, deeply puzzled, then leaves the room.












          The VW is parked out front, its interior light fading as
          light in Coraline's bedroom window switches on. We HEAR
          Charlie make a strangled sound.









          Coraline sits in bed -- pajamas washed and PATCHED,
          wounds-dressed, hair shining. The KEY hangs from a string
          around her neck. A gibbous moon shines in the clear night
          sky.


          Charlie wrestles with a blue stuffed-toy squid like it's
          an alien face-hugger then, FEIGNING DEATH, falls on the
          bed. Coraline LAUGHS.




                    So, gonna order the tulips?


          He opens one eye, pretends he's never heard about this.




                    What's that?




                    For the garden party!!


          He sits up and kids her, tickling her face with the
          squid.




                    I have no idea what you're talking about.




                    Dad!


          She turns to Mom, arranging things on a shelf.




                    So, Mom. Invitations? Don't forget the
                    invitations.


          Her mother nods, points up.




                    Even Bobinsky?




                    Mr. B's not drunk, Mom, he's
                    just...eccentric.


          Charlie LAUGHS. He bends down to kiss her.




                    Good night, Coraline.


          As he steps away, Mel slips a slim box under the covers
          next to her daughter. She gives Coraline a "told you so"
          look, and she and Charlie leave the room.


          Coraline sits up excitedly and opens the box - it's the
          GREEN AND ORANGE GLOVES she'd wanted! She pulls one on to
          admire when the BLACK CAT appears outside her window




                    Oh, hello again.


          She walks over to the window, opens it.




                    You still mad?


          His expression says yes, he's still mad.




                    I'm really sorry I threw you at her - the
                    Other Mother? ­ it was all I could think
                    of.


          The cat's angry expression softens. He rests his head on
          her hand, licking her fingers and purrs.


          Coraline exhales with relief then picks him up and
          carries him over to her bed.


          She grabs her collecting bag and takes out the large
          PEARL, the CIRCUS BALL, and the GREY STICKSHIFT KNOB. She
          holds them out to the cat.




                    I think it's time, don't you? To set them
                    free?


          The cat nods. She puts the ghost eyes under her pillow
          and gently lays down, the cat lying beside her. The two
          of them close their eyes, and in no time at all, they
          doze off to sleep. WE SLOWLY TILT UP.













          A MAGIC ART SKY animates subtly.


          CAM TILT DOWN ON Coraline, studying sky, her back to us.
          From behind CAM, CHIMES sound and GOLD LIGHT begins to
          shine on her. She turns toward us, shielding her eyes.


          Coraline's eyes adjust to the brightness to see the THREE
          GHOST CHILDREN, now transformed into GOLDEN ANGELS; EYES
          RESTORED, small fluttering WINGS ON THEIR BACKS.




                    It's a fine, fine thing you did for us,
                    miss.




                    Well, I'm glad it's finally over!


          A SHADOW crosses the faces of the three children. They
          gather around Coraline and bow their heads.






                    It is over and done with ... for us.


          Silent beat.




                    What about...me?


          The tall girl ghost shifts uncomfortably, then BLURTS






                    You're in terrible danger, girl!


          Coraline is stunned and gestures for an explanation.




                    But how?   I locked the door!?




                    It's the key, miss, there's only one and
                    the Beldam will find it.


          The KEY ON THE STRING around Coraline's neck floats out
          in front of Coraline. She grabs it.


          The three ghost children all embrace Coraline tenderly.






                    Tain't all bad, miss. Thou art alive ...
                    thou art still ... living...


          They begin to swirl around her, spinning faster and
          faster. Coraline starts to turn and then she --















          above her to find covers thrown off and the CAT awake by
          her side.


          Coraline lifts up her pillow and GASPS - the GHOST EYES
          ARE IN PIECES like hatched bird eggs. She takes out the
          key on its string and explains to the cat, her voice






                    I -- I've gotta hide this somewhere, s-
                    somewhere she can never ...


          The cat doesn't like the sound of this. Coraline grabs
          her blanket and heads to her door. But the cat leaps down
          and blocks her way.




                    Outta my way!


          She sidesteps the cat and leaves her room. The cat glares
          after her







          Coraline trots down the stairs and purposefully heads
          down the hall. She passes the LIVING ROOM and exits
          frame. CAMERA stays on living room, where, on the LITTLE
          DOOR in the corner wall, SHADOWS and LIGHT start to MOVE.















          The baseboard is PUSHED ASIDE. Through the narrow gap at
          the door's bottom, the DISMEMBERED HAND OF THE BELDAM
          CRAWLS OUT. It scrambles out of frame in the direction of
          Coraline!








          Coraline moves briskly, the house below, GRIPPING THE KEY
          that's tied round her neck. DARK, ROPEY CLOUDS reach like
          fingers across the gibbous moon. Coraline sings her
          father's nonsense song, her voice hardly trembling.




                    Oh.... my twitchy witchy girl,
                    I think you are so nice ...









          She moves down past the old fruit trees, now covered with
          BRIGHT SPRING BLOSSOMS that fall gently like snow.




                    ... I give you bowls of porridge
                    And I give you bowls of ice cream.


          LOW ANGLE ON Coraline, moving away. The BELDAM'S HAND
          drops into frame and CREEP-CRAWLS after her.




                    I give you lots of kisses,
                    And I give you lots of hugs ...









          Coraline jams the SAME DEAD BRANCH Wybie used under the
          well's cover, lining it up over the SAME FULCRUM ROCK.




                    ... But I never give you sandwiches
                    With grease and worms and mung beans.


          Circling around behind the BIG STUMP, the HAND SCAMPERS
          behind one rock to a bush to a tree, coming closer.


          Coraline manages to lever the well's cover off to one
          side, leaving the WHOLE WELL OPEN. Huffing and sweating,
          she wipes her brow, then takes the key string that's
          around her neck.


          The hand, SEEING what is about to happen, RACES TOWARDS




          Coraline lifts string and key, not quite over her head.


          The hand JUMPS onto the big stump and SPRINGS through the
          air to GRAB THE KEY and PULL CORALINE TO THE GROUND!


          Coraline makes a CHOKED SCREAM, her fingers caught
          between the key string and her neck!


          The HAND wants to DRAG HER BACK TO THE HOUSE and the




          A BLINDING HEADLIGHT hits HAND and CORALINE; an AIR HORN
          SOUNDS; and WYBIE LOVAT - hollering a BATTLE CRY all his
          own - comes SPEEDING DOWN THE BLUFF on his whining
          electric bike!








          Wybie GUNS the throttle, and, leaning out, GRABS the
          confused HAND with his slug tongs!


          He CIRCLES AROUND and HEADS TOWARDS THE WELL, readying to
          throw the hand in. But the HAND GETS FREE, and GRABS his
          handlebars.


          OUT OF CONTROL, Wybie's bike HITS A ROCK, and WYBIE AND
          HAND ARE THROWN RIGHT DOWN THE WELL. HOLLERING, he just
          manages to hang on with one hand! The Beldam's hand,
          caught on Wybie's coattail, SCRAMBLES UP his body and
          face and onto the well's edge where it STABS AT HIS
          FINGERS to make him fall!






                    Get off!!


          Coraline, choking, rises to her feet. She grabs her
          BLANKET and - in the still-blazing headlight of the
          crashed bike - she RUNS UP and THROWS IT OVER THE HAND.
          It fights like crazy as Coraline wrestles to control it.
          The hand STABS THROUGH THE BLANKET and SHAKES IT OFF. It
          crouches to attack her!


          And then WYBIE IS BACK, pumped with adrenaline, a BIG
          ROCK raised over his head! He HURLS IT DOWN ON THE
          LEAPING HAND! And it BREAKS into TWENTY LIFELESS NEEDLES.


          Wybie struggles to catch his breath. Coraline - breathing
          hard - removes the key and string from around her sore
          neck. She pulls up the corners of her blanket - with the
          needles on it - around the rock, and ties it all together
          with the string. The key is left attached.


          The two friends carry the heavy package to the well and
          DROP IT DOWN THE HOLE. By the light of a stray moonbeam,
          they watch and listen until it makes a muffled splash in
          the dark water at the bottom. They slide the well cover
          in place.


          Still catching his breath, Wybie stands, holding his
          injured hand, its glove ripped by the Beldam's claw. He
          looks over at Coraline as the scene brightens a little
          with moonlight.




                    I-I'm really sorry I didn't believe you
                    about all this ... evil stuff, Coraline.


          Coraline, shoulders rising as she catches her breath,
          stands and smiles: he called her by real name for the
          first time.




                    Why did you change your mind?


          He walks over, and takes out an old B&amp;W photo from his
          jacket.




                    W-well, Gramma showed me this picture,
                    after I called you crazy?


          He hands it to her.


          ANGLE ON PHOTO: two light-skinned black girls - dressed
          in old-fashioned clothing - stand in front of the Pink
          Palace, before it was divided into apartments. One looks
          just like the sweet ghost girl, and holds the DOLL WITH
          BUTTON EYES, which looks just like her.




                    It's her and her sister, before she
                    disappeared.


          ANGLE ON WYBIE AND CORALINE. Behind them, blossoms fall
          like snow in the orchard.




                    The sweet ghost girl.


          Wybie's grandmother, loud and worried, calls from the
          distance.




                    Wyborne!   Come home!!




                           
                    Oh, man...what am I going to tell her?


          She looks up from the photo and smiles.




                    Just bring her by the house tomorrow.      We
                    can tell her together.




                    We...we can??




                    You know, I'm glad you decided to stalk
                    me.


          She gives Wybie a playful punch on the arm and LAUGHS.




                    Wasn't my idea.


          The BLACK CAT jumps up on the TREE STUMP and MEROWWS.
          Coraline smiles.


          We TILT UP to the sky and see the last ropey clouds -
          like two clawed hands - clear away from the bright
          gibbous moon.












          One WHITE BALLOON floats against a blue sky with puffy,
          white clouds. WE TILT DOWN past more balloons to a TABLE
          OF REFRESHMENTS, set up by the front gates.


          Coraline picks up a TRAY OF DRINKS and heads out to her
          hard-working GUESTS, all wearing garden gloves and
          showing signs of having helped plant about TWO HUNDRED




          SPINK AND FORCIBLE, along with their DOGS, are set up at
          a table below the steps. Empty plant cartons are stacked
          nearby along with some garden tools and empty bags of
          peat moss.




                       Thanks for helping me, Miss Spink, Miss
                       Forcible.




                              
                       Oh, look April - Pink Ladies!




                       Actually, it's just lemonade.


          Coraline hands them the beverages, then nods towards the
          GREY DOG digging in the flowers.




                       How's Angus doing?


          Miss Spink sighs.




                       Oh, much better, dear... But he can't
                       duck his wings forever!


          Coraline heads up the steps to find her PARENTS dumping a
          heavy bag of PEAT MOSS around the dead-looking tree in
          the stone circle.




                       Here comes a burp.


          Charlie BURPS.






                       Charlie!




                       Oh, excu-say-moi, but that pizza was
                       delicious.


          Mel SIGHS.




                       Cold drinks?


          Charlie nods, grabs them for Mel and Wybie.






                    Oh yeah, great!






                    You were right, Coraline. I really hate
                    dirt, but the tulips look nice.




                    Thanks, mom.


          Coraline, delighted, moves on.


          Coraline comes upon Bobinsky in the bottom of the drained
          fish pond. He's stealthily PULLING just-planted tulips
          from the dirt there, and putting BEETS in their place.




                           
                    Ooo, dret nican...neit, neit...da, da, dat iz
                    possible.


          Coraline CLEARS HER THROAT to get his attention.




                    How are the meeshkas, Mr. B?


          Surprised and looking very guilty, he tries to cover up
          his activities. She smiles and hands him a drink.






                    Dey tell me that   you - are saviour,
                    Caroline. And --   soon as dey are ready --
                    dey vish to give   special tenks-you
                    performance.


          He drains his glass of lemonade. A familiar voice is
          heard approaching. Coraline turns and smiles.




                    Wyborne, I know where I'm going--


          ANGLE ON Wybie and his GRANDMOTHER as they walk through
          the garden gates






                    --I grew up here.


          Coraline sees them and waves.




                    Welcome, Ms. Lovat!


          The old lady looks up and smiles.




                    Oh, hello.




                    I'm Coraline Jones -- I've got so much to
                    tell you!




                            
                    Here.




                           
                    Thanks.




                           
                    Ooo, do you want to pop a little gin in
                    it dear?




                           
                    Of course!


          CAMERA PULLS UP from the GARDEN, FLIES OVER THE HOUSE and
          BOOMS DOWN to the PINK PALACE APARTMENTS SIGN out front.
          On top of the sign sits the black cat, who looks right
          into camera, blinks, then walks behind the thin post that
          holds the sign and DISAPPEARS.






