






                             Written by

                   Craig Borten &amp; Melisa Wallack



                                                    December 2, 2012







    Ambient sounds of the CROWD, RODEO, SEX, and a strange
    RINGING fade in along with IMAGES of...

    A COWBOY riding a BULL in an enclosed RODEO ring.

    RON WOODROOF, early 40's, handsome, long sandy hair, denim
    clad, worn snakeskin boots, dusty, cowboy hat, mirrored
    aviators, is engaged in wild SEX with a WOMAN. He watches the
    rodeo through open slats in a BULL STALL as the STEER throws
    the COWBOY violently thru the air; he lands hard on the dirt.
    Another WOMAN snorts cocaine and offers some to Ron as he
    switches over to having SEX with her.

    The BULL STOMPS the Cowboy with its HOOFS.

    Ron climaxes -- pleasure and pain seem to come out of him, but
    we can't hear him, only this strange RINGING.

    RODEO CLOWNS grab the Cowboy's limp body and drag him out of
    the ring.

    Ron catches his breath; something is off.


                Did ya hear Rock Hudson was a cock
                sucker?




    A Dallas NEWSPAPER folded in half. July. 1985.      AIDS. New
    treatment. In Paris. ROCK HUDSON on the cover.      A HAND
    scribbles numbers over the photo.


                Where'd ya hear that?

    CLINT  a greasy hick who's spent the last five months
    under the hood of a CHEVY, hands RON a WAD of CASH.


                It's called a newspaper.     You heard of
                it?

    Ron smiles, adjusts his cowboy hat as he records some bets.
    Nearby, BULL FIGHTERS are putting on their clown makeup.


                What a waste. All that fine Hollywood
                pussy on a guy who smokes his friends.

    A HAND comes down through the slats holding a ten dollar bill.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 2



                C'mon Rog, this ain't the sandbox.
                Twenty's the minimum.

    ROG slides another ten down; Ron snatches it.


                Who the hell's Rock Hudson?

    Ron looks at Rog.   A beat, then he starts laughing, then
    coughing...




    ...and coughing as we follow him into the stalls. Ron glad-
    hands as he goes; it seems everyone knows him but doesn't
    necessarily like him. He makes his way toward T.J., white
    trash, pale as winter, who wipes vomit from his chin. As he
    nervously looks down at the big angry BULL he's about to ride,
    Ron hands him a pint of tequila.


                Calm the nerves, brother.     You look
                great.

    T.J. takes a swig, gives him a look.


                It's your day, I can feel it.

    T.J. watches as Ron takes a bottle of NYQUIL out of his pocket
    and downs it... to stop his hacking cough.


                I don't know, Ron.

    Ron fans the money out for T.J. to see.


                Eight seconds and you'll be gettin blown
                by a hundred dollar hooker before you can
                scrape the bullshit off your boots.

    Ron winks and smiles. T.J. signals the BULLMAN that he's
    ready. And in five, four, three, two, one...

    THE GATE is up, the BULL is out, the crowd is HOLLERING and
    T.J.'s back is bending in unnatural ways.


                C'mon! One one thousand, two one
                thousand, three one thousand...
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 3


    And T.J. is DOWN.


                Ah hen shit!

    Ron looks to the BLEACHERS.   The GAMBLERS are already
    searching for him.

    Ron slips out a SIDE ENTRANCE.




    Sweating, heart racing, Ron runs across the lot and jumps over
    fences to escape THE GAMBLERS that are running after him. As
    they close in, Ron spots a cop, TUCKER, walking towards his
    patrol car.


                Hey, buddy I need you to arrest me.


                Fuck off, Woodroof.


                Come on, man. I'm serious!

    Tuck sees the angry mob approaching.


                Looks like you got a few pissed off
                customers.


                You gonna cuff me or what?


                Figure it out yourself.

    And with that, Ron PUNCHES Tucker in the face.    The mob of
    Gamblers are stopped in their tracks.


                You son of a bitch!

    Tucker PUNCHES Ron in the face twice, then cuffs him.    He
    looks at the mob of Gamblers.


                Get the fuck outta here before I arrest
                all of you.

    Ron smiles through a bloodied mouth.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 4




    Tucker's police car pulls up.


                They're gonna kick the shit out of you
                one day, Woodroof. Maybe worse.




    Both Ron and Tucker are bleeding and bruised.


                Gotta die from somethin'.


                Handle your business, huh?    Get your
                shit together.


                You're startin' to sound like your
                ol' man. How's he doin' by the way?


                    
                There's good days and bad.


                    
                Ah, he's a tough one.
                    
                Though I can't imagine how disappointed
                he must be havin' you for a son.

    Tucker looks at him, half-smiles.


                Get the fuck outta my car.

    Ron smiles, starts to get out, then stops. Holds his head a
    moment. We hear the strange RINGING sound again.


                You okay?


                    
                You rattled my fuckin' brain.


                What brain?
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 5


    Ron forces a smile, then exits the car. Tucker watches as Ron
    slowly heads toward his trailer; something seems off. After a
    few beats, Tucker brushes it off and pulls away.




    Books, newspapers, empty beer cans and liquor bottles; on
    the wall, we may notice a painting of some Texas Wildflowers.
    Ron stumbles in as the RINGING sound comes back. He stops,
    steadies himself on a piece of furniture, takes a few steps
    then collapses, unconscious.




    The first shafts of sunlight fall over Ron, still asleep where
    he dropped. After a few beats, he stirs, pulls himself on to
    a chair. "What the fuck?".




    Lunch time. Already a little drunk, Ron finishes off a pint
    of whiskey as Clint and a battered T.J. eat sandwiches nearby.
    Ron starts coughing again as he grabs a packet of cocaine out
    of his shirt pocket. He slides it across the table to Clint
    who hands him cash.


                That shit is purer than a preacher
                daughter's pussy.


                Not after you just coughed your lungs all
                over it.


                You think anymore 'bout Saudi Arabia?
                They need guys over there.


                What do you wanna go work for a buncha
                sand niggas for?


                They pay five times as much, that's why.

    Ron raises his eyebrows, not bad.


                I'm signing up.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 6



                 They got hot ladies over there?


                 It's a Muslim country.    You can't fuck
                 the women.


                 Now that takes me out right there.

     The FOREMAN races over to them.


                 Woodroof, there's been an accident on
                 platform five. They need an electrician
                 right away!




     A MEXICAN WORKER has his leg caught in the drill. It's
     severed and he's losing blood fast. Ron walks over.


                 Dumb spic.     How'd you get your leg in
                 there?

     The guy's breath is coming in short fast spurts.


                 Where's the ambulance?


                 He's illegal.

     Ron takes his OWN shirt off, rips it in half, kneels down next
     to the MEXICAN, wipes some sweat off his brow and ties a
     makeshift tourniquet around his leg.

     Ron looks to the Foremen.


                 Go call `em.
                     
                 Go FUCKING call `em.

     He walks off to call.    Ron turns back to the Mexican.


                 Alright we're going to get you outta
                 there but you gotta stay still until I
                 say get the fuck out and then you get the
                 fuck out. Comprende?
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 7


     The guy nods. Ron walks over to the electrician's box. He's
     a little DRUNK. He grabs a wire and is about to cut it.


                 Alright, on the count of three.   One,
                 two...

     Ron cuts the wire, an electrical spark shoots out and before
     he can move back the box blows up in his face. Everything
     goes black.


                 Azidothymidine, or AZT -- was originally
                 developed as a treatment for cancer.




     Barrow Wilkem rep RICK FERRIS, slick, well-dressed, gold
     Rolex, 40s, stands before DR. NATHAN SEVARD, 50's, arrogant,
     DR. EVE SAKS, early 30s, sophisticated, and five other
     PHYSICIANS, 40s-60s, all members of the hospital board.


                 With the onset of HIV, however, we at
                 Barrow Wilkem began a trial in which we
                 administered AZT to infected lab animals.
                 Initial findings suggested increased CD4
                 counts, restored T-cell immunity and also
                 evidence of inducing weight gain.


                 Isn't it also true that it had some
                 concerning side effects in animal tests,
                 significantly decreasing the animals red
                 and white blood cells?


                 Yes, but its effect on the virus is
                 better than anything else that's been
                 tested.


                     
                 In 64, when AZT was developed for cancer
                 treatment, it was shelved due to lack of
                 anti cancer efficacy and toxicity.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 8



                 We believe those problems were dosage
                 based.


                 So you're conducting another animal
                 study?


                 Actually the FDA has given us permission
                 to go straight to human trials which is
                 what brings me here today. We're
                 conducting a double-blind, placebo-
                 controlled randomized trial throughout
                 the United States. Dallas Mercy is one
                 of the proposed sites.


                 How long do you see the study going on?


                 We're hoping to fast track it within a
                 year? During which time the hospital and
                 its administering physicians will be very
                 well compensated for their efforts.

     Eve notices as Sevard trades looks with Board Member #1.


                 Sadly, the AIDS crisis will only get
                 worse before it gets better. And I
                 know I speak for everyone at Barrow
                 Wilkem when I say getting this drug to
                 market is our number one priority. This
                 is a unique opportunity. A chance to be
                 on the forefront in finding a cure.

     Eve looks at Ferris and smiles.




     Dr. Sevard walks down the hallway with Eve.


                 Does it not drive you just a little bit
                 crazy when these guys stand up there
                 talking about curing the sick while
                 they're flashing gold Rolexes? What do
                 they know about sick patients?


                 They're pharma reps, not doctors. And
                 like it or not, this is a business.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 8A



            How the hell did they get permission to
            go to human trials?


            People are desperate. People are dying.
            There is nothing else out there.

And with that, a NURSE approaches them with a file, surgical
mask and latex gloves.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 9




     Ron, head and eyes bandaged, lays on a bed. After a few
     beats, he peels off the eye bandages, gets up. He opens a
     cabinet, then a drawer. Finds a bag of sucking CANDY, pops a
     piece in his mouth, puts some in his pocket. He sees his
     jacket on the back of the door, searches his pockets for a
     cigarette. He's about to light one when Dr. Sevard enters
     with Eve Sakes. Both wear surgical masks and latex gloves.


                    Mr. Woodroof. I'm Dr. Sevard.

     Ron turns to Eve, flashes a smile.


                    We saw something that concerned us in
                    your initial blood work so we ran some
                    additional tests.


                    Blood tests.

     Ron stops moving and tries to assess the situation.      Is he in
     trouble?


                    What kinda blood tests, cause I don't use
                    drugs.


                    We didn't test you for drugs.


                    Good, cause that ain't none of yer
                    business anyway.


                    You've tested positive for HIV --

     Ron looks at Dr. Sevard blankly.


                    ...the virus that causes AIDS.

     Ron freezes.    A long beat.


                    Who you kidding, Rock cock sucking Hudson
                    bullshit?!


                    Have you ever used intravenous drugs or
                    had any homosexual --
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 10


Ron spits out his CANDY.


            Homo? Homo? That's what you said,
            right? Shit. You gotta be kidding me.
                
            I ain't no faggot, I don't even know any
            faggots, I'm a rodeo!

The room is silent.


            Look at me, doc. Come on now, look at
            me. What do you see?


            Your T-cell count is down to nine, a
            healthy person has five hundred to
            fifteen hundred.


            What the fuck's a three-Cell?!


            T-cell.   Frankly we're surprised you're
            alive.


            Well surprise this: you've made a fuckin'
            mistake!

Ron looks back and forth from Dr. Saks to Sevard.    No mistake.


            You must've mixed my blood with some
            daisy puller or sumptin.


            We ran the blood test several times.

Eve hands him some pamphlets and other paper work.


            That's some information on HIV and AIDS
            you may find informative and your test
            results.

Ron flips through the papers. Becomes frustrated by
terminology he doesn't understand.


            Mr. Woodroof, we're trying to impress
            upon you the gravity of your situation.

              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 11


                 Based on your condition, we estimate that
                 you have about thirty days to get your
                 affairs in order --


                 Thirty days?

     Ron jumps off the examining table.


                 What is this shit?!

     They don't respond.

     Ron laughs incredulously and walks towards the door.


                 I got a news flash for all y'all, there
                 ain't nothin' out there that can kill Ron
                 Woodroof in thirty days.

     Ron looks at the papers, tosses them up in the air and exits.




     Music BLARES as Ron and T.J. party with two hot girls, KELLY
     and CRYSTAL, 20s. T.J. cuts a line of coke on a mirror while
     Ron dances over to the girls with SHOTS of Jack Daniels. They
     both start kissing, then rubbing up against Ron.




     T.J. is having sex with Kelly as Ron kisses Crystal; he leans
     down, snorts what is probably his fiftieth line of coke. He
     shakes it off, slams some Jack Daniels from the bottle as if
     it was Kool Aid. He's obliterated.

     As Ron stares off at something, T.J. waves at Crystal to join
     him and Kelly; as she does, we see what Ron is staring at -- a


     But its days have no numbers. Except one, in blood RED -- 30.
     Ron snaps out of his hallucination.




     T.J. sits down next to Ron, takes a rolled up dollar bill and
     does a line of coke.


                 Damn doctors cut your balls off?
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 12



            Shit, you tell `em you got a cold and
            they'll give you two weeks off. You
            should try it.

Ron takes the dollar back as T.J. walks to the table to pour
himself a drink.


            Well, you didn't miss nothin' at work.
            I'd take disability any day.

Ron does a line of coke.   Sees his reflection in the mirror.
Pushes it away.


            I mean I got a stupid cough and they tell
            me I got some HIV virus.

T.J. looks at Ron, hears him but doesn't hear him, maybe it
doesn't even register he's so wasted.


                
            Hell, like I got the AIDS. Damn
            hospital, mixed up my blood samples.


            Man, I went to them doctors once, they
            tell me I had chlamydia, I came back home
            I realized I had crabs.


            S'what I'm saying.

T.J. licks some coke off his fingers.


            I heard you get that just by touchin'
            someone. Or that queers get it.


            Which is exactly why it's a mistake.


            Well, what if it ain't?


            You know me, T.   You fuckin' serious?


            Damn right I know you, like you was born
            with some kinda pussy addiction.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 13


     Ron smiles at the compliment as T.J. dives into the mirror and
     inhales the last line of coke.

     One of the GIRLS walks over.


                 You said we would be dancin' by nine.

     T.J. smiles at Ron.


                 We should get goin'.

     T.J. puts on his jacket.


                 Let's go girls.


                 I'll catch up with you.


                 Alright brother, you cool?


                 I'm cool.


                 See you there.

     T.J. and the girls leave.

     Ron gets up, wasted, and stares out the screen door into the
     cold dark night, nothing stares back at him.




     Ron is seated in front of a screen that shows a microfiche of
     information on AIDS, HIV and AZT.

     LATER - DAY: Ron continues reading; the LIBRARIAN looks over
     as he endures a brief coughing spasm, then he goes back to his
     work. We PUSH IN on the phrase"...Unprotected sex..."

     LATER - DAY: Ron continues reading, runs his finger along the
     words. Stops at "INTRAVENOUS DRUG USE". As he closes his
     eyes and exhales--




     We're on a SNAKE TATOO on the back of a naked girl having wild
     sex with a younger and heavier Ron, totally wasted, and...
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 14


     hypnotized by the tattoo that goes up to her neck and down to
     her arm -- marked with track marks.




     Ron slams the book shut with rage. He screams out releasing
     his anger. His voice echoes off the library walls.




     Ron impatiently stands at the Triage desk, looking at a NURSE,
     40s. He spots a tattooed Hispanic ORDERLY mopping the floor
     in the hallway. He locks eyes with Ron for a second too long
     then moves on.


                 Dr. Sevard's not on today.


                 Do I look like I can wait til tomorrow?


                 If you'll tell me what the problem is --


                 Problem? Which problem you want to hear
                 about? My lungs bleeding, my skin
                 crawling, the jackhammer in my head...
                 hell that's just the beginning of my
                 problems sweetheart.

     Having overheard Ron's rant, Dr. Eve Saks walks over.


                 Mr. Woodroof?

     Ron turns around.


                 I don't want no nurse. I want a doctor.
                 A goddamn doctor! Today! NOW!

     The Orderly watches Ron and Eve.


                 Fine.   How can I help you?


                 Are you fuckin' deaf, lady?
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 15



                 No.   I'm a fucking doctor!

     Oh? Ron contemplates Eve, slowly breaking into a smile.    Eve
     hears her name called over the speaker system.


                 If you want to discuss your list of
                 problems, you can meet me in my office in
                 twenty minutes.


                 Twenty minutes?
                     
                 I like your style, Doctor.

     Ron watches her as she walks away.




     Diplomas hang in neat rows. A perfectly ordered desk.     Eve
     meticulously records numbers on a chart.


                 Can you get me AZT?

     Eve looks up as Ron walks in and sits down.


                 Barrow Wilkem just released it for
                 testing, right? This hospital is one of
                 the sites.

     She nods yes, surprised how well informed he is.


                 Well can I buy some?


                 That isn't how it works. For about a
                 year, a group of patients will either get
                 the drug or a placebo, it's left up to
                 chance, not even the doctors are allowed
                 to know.


                 You give dyin' people sugar pills?


                 It's the only way to know if a drug
                 works.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 16



            Can you get it for me?


            Unfortunately no. But when it's proven
            to work and if you fit the profile, then
            yes.


            So, you're tellin' me I'm as good as a
            horse being sold for dog food?

Eve's look says it all.   Ron takes out a list.


            Okay, what about in Germany, this Dextran
            Sulfate, or in France they got DDC, or AL
            721 in Israel... I read that one is
            proven to work and it ain't toxic.


            None of those drugs have been approved by
            the FDA.


            Screw the FDA, I'm gonna be DOA. Do I
            have to sue this hospital to get me some
            medicine?


            Mr. Woodroof, I assure you that would be
            a waste of precious time.

Ron takes a moment, eases up.


            Call me Ron, will ya?

Eve doesn't play his game.   She writes something down on a
piece of paper.


            There is a support group that meets every
            day at Draddy Auditorium, perhaps you
            could share your feelings and concerns...

Ron abruptly stands.


            I'm dying and you're tellin' me to go get
            a hug from a bunch of faggots?

Eve watches as Ron backs away.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 17



                 Good night, good day, and good riddance.




     Ron bursts through the door and shouts to the BARTENDER.


                 Neddie Jay, one shot of Cactus and a
                 Rolling Rock back.

     Ned doesn't move as Ron continues toward a table where T.J.,
     Clint and three other FRIENDS are sitting.


                 I can't believe how much I missed your
                 ugly faces. Clint, where you hangin'
                 your pants lately brother?

     Clint drains his beer, slams it on the table.


                 Get me another beer, will you sweetheart?

     The guys burst out laughing.


                 `Fuck you say?


                 I said grab me a cold one, cupcake.

     Ron looks at him incredulously.


                 You askin' me to kick yer ass?


                 Nah, wouldn't wanna get none of that
                 faggot blood on me.

     Ron takes a step towards Clint, T.J. gets up and stands
     between them.


                 C'mon Ron, we don't want no trouble.

     Ron puts a fake, friendly hand on T.J.'s shoulder who backs
     off immediately. Ron moves closer, plays with T.J. and the
     others. They're all scared of being touched.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 18



                     
                 Where you goin', bud?   I thought
                 you're my friend.

     Ron looks at him, grabs T.J.'S BEER from his hands and downs
     it, then fakes as if he's going to hit T.J. with it. T.J.
     flinches, then Ron SLAMS it on the table. Gives one last look
     to all of them.


                 Fuck all ya'll.

     And as Ron exits, we PRE-LAP...


                 As I stand here tonight, clinical trials
                 are underway with an eye toward fast-
                 tracking AZT and making it available
                 for the public as soon as possible.




     Rick Ferris from Barrow Wilkem stands at the podium before the
     packed room.


                 In short, I'm happy to say that help may
                 finally be on the way.

     That is Ron's POV as he listens to Ferris, looking around at
     the crowd, who are almost exclusively gay MEN. Ron wanders
     toward a table lined with LITERATURE. An EFFEMINATE MAN
     approaches him with a pamphlet. Ron stares at him blankly.
     The man opens his arms to give him a hug.


                 It's okay brother. We're all getting --


                 Tooth fairy, if we weren't in a public
                 place right now, your teeth would be so
                 far down your throat you'd be usin' your
                 ass to chew food.

     The Man's eyes go wide as he backs off. Ron turns back to the
     table, takes a few pamphlets. Titles include: "POPPERS STUDY:
     POSSIBLE CAUSE OF AIDS"; "AZT SHOWS SIGNS OF PROMISE". Ron
     drifts toward the front, where the CROWD is getting hostile.


                 How long before AZT is approved?
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 19



                 The FDA standard procedure to approve a
                 new drug is eight to twelve years -


                     
                 We're dying here!


                 We are looking to fast track --


                     
                 We need it now!


                 We're working closely with the FDA to
                 make sure every effort is made--


                 The hell, if it works even a little,
                 we'll take the chance!

     General shouts of agreement from the CROWD.


                 It's both our job and the FDA's to make
                 sure the drug is safe -


                 Is it true you can get it in Mexico?!


                 What about dextran sulfate?!

     As the chaos and shouting continues, Ron walks out in
     frustration and we're suddenly--




     CLOSE ON -- a line of flickering CANDLES.

     That's Ron's POV as he grimaces, despair in his eyes. He
     doesn't look at the moving, out-of-focus SILHOUETTES in front
     of him.


                     
                 I need to slow it down a second, catch my
                 breath. I'm not ready to crawl into a
                 corner. You hear that? I'm not fucking
                 ready. Man, if you're up there you
                 better be listening.

Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 19A


    And if there's a chance, if I got one
    fucking chance, send me a sign.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 20


     Ron downs a shooter and grimaces again. He slams the glass
     down on a table among empty glasses and looks up at the
     candles on a stage in front of a STRIPPER, lost in his
     thoughts. Then he looks up and sees something across the
     room, past the stripper. She tries to get his attention.


                 If you're not gonna look or buy a dance,
                 you could at least tip me.

     Ron stands and throws some bills on the stage.


                 I'll take a dance, but not fer me.
                 Just shake it, he'll see you.

     Ron looks heavenward.


                 Thanks.

     And he walks off towards a man at the end of the bar: the
     Hispanic Orderly from the hospital.




     Cowboy boots nervously play with a McDonald's Bag on the
     ground next to a garbage dumpster. They stop when the
     Hispanic Orderly walks out of the hospital. He gets to the
     dumpster, throws a BROWN PAPER BAG in it, picks up the
     McDonald's bag, looks inside and leaves without a word.




     Ron sits at the table, removes a box of pills from the bag
     labeled AZT, FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 21


      Ron removes a pill, decides two is better, washes them down
      with a beer, and sniffs a line of coke. Looks at his
      reflection in the turned-off T.V.




      As Ron pulls up to his jobs site in his battered '73 Lincoln,
      he spots T.J., Clint and a half dozen other WORKERS through
      the windshield, all staring at him menacingly. Before Ron
      gets out, the Foreman emerges through the crowd. Without a
      word, the guy just slowly shakes his head. Ron gives him the
      finger and drives off, popping a few more AZT pills.




      The Hispanic Orderly throws a BROWN PAPER BAG in the dumpster,
      picks up a fast food bag, and leaves.




      Empty; closed for the day. Ron sits in the empty bleachers,
      sweaty and shivering; he looks horrible, maybe disoriented.
      He pops a pill of AZT and drinks from a bottle of Tequila.




      A labyrinth of identical trailers. Ron wanders, searching for
      his own. Confused, he changes direction and continues to make
      his way down the different rows.

      He stops in front of one and stares at the door where two
      YOUNG BOYS are seated on the steps, staring back at him.


                  The hell you doin' here?

      He waves them aside. As he walks up the steps, his neighbor
      BUCKY and his WIFE stare at him blankly.


                  Fuck you doin' in my house?

      Ron doesn't realize that he's not at his place.




      Sitting on an examining table, meet RAYON, a cross-dresser in
      his early 30s, in long eyelashes, earrings, painted nails with
      a pink scarf tied around a full brown curly wig.
Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 21A



        
    You missed your last trial appointment.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 22



                 Do you like this blouse?   Cause I think
                 the neckline's too low.

     Eve leans against the sink, annoyed.   She pulls her mask down.


                 Rayon, the whole point of this study is
                 to determine whether AZT is helping
                 people.


                 Come on, Evie, you know there ain't no
                 helpin' me.


                 That doesn't mean I'm going to stop
                 trying.


                 Why you so good to me?

     Rayon watches Eve for a while, with affection. He grabs her
     and holds on to her. These two seem to have a history.




     A steady drizzle. Ron stands out by the dumpster, his boots
     and cowboy hat soaked. The Hispanic Orderly emerges from the
     hospital, a large garbage bag in his hands.


                 There ain't no more, they started
                 lockin' it up.

     The Orderly throws the garbage into the dumpster.


                 I got more cash.

     The Orderly studies Ron who holds out some money. The Orderly
     snatches it, and writes something on a piece of paper.


                 Here.   In Mexico. A doctor, he has some.

     Ron takes the paper, looks at it.


                 What the hell is this bullshit?
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 23


     Ron takes a swing at the Orderly but misses. Something about
     Ron is off. We hear the ringing sound again. Ron struggles
     to stand and collapses onto the ground. Black.


                   Mr. Woodroof?




     Ron lays in bed asleep, an I.V. tube hooked up to his arm.


                   Ron?

     Ron's eyes slowly peel open. Eve is hovering over him, a
     surgical mask on her face. As he looks at her, a faint smile
     passes his lips.


                   Beautiful.

     Eve frowns, didn't expect that.


                   You're in the hospital.

     Ron blinks.   Clears the fantasy.    His eyes scan the room.


                   You almost died.


                   I'm sure that didn't surprise anyone.

     Eve seems to smile behind her mask.


                   Was that a smile?

                             Eve
                   You've had a blood transfusion.

     Dr. Sevard steps forward.

                             Dr. Sevard
                   Mr. Woodroof I'm doctor Sevard.

                             Ron
                   I remember you.

                             Dr. Sevard
                   I need you to tell me where you obtained
                   AZT from.
        Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 23A



            Who said I was on AZT?


            Dealing in pharmaceutical drugs is
            illegal.

                      Ron
            I don't know what you're talking about.

Dr. Sevard shakes his head and walks out.


            Get some rest.

She follows Sevard out of the room.


            Wait.   We were just gettin' somewhere.


            Honey, you don't have the slightest
            chance.

Ron turns and sees the hospital curtain being pulled by the
PATIENT in the next bed -- it's Rayon.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 24



                 I'm Rayon.

     Rayon gets up and goes over to Ron's bed.


                 Congratulations, fuck you and go back to
                 your bed.


                 Relax, I don't bite.

     Rayon looks Ron over.


                 I guess you're handsome in a Texas hick,
                 white trash, dumb, kinda way.


                 Get the fuck outta here, whatever you
                 are.


                 Sticks and stones, cowboy.
                     
                 You wanna play cards?


                     
                 You got cash?




     Ron sits cross-legged on his bed across from Rayon, who has a
     pile of cash before him. As they lay their cards down:


                 Full house. Jacks over threes.


                 I'da figured you for queens.

     Cleaned out, Ron tosses his cards; Rayon scoops up the money.


                 Sorry darlin'.

     As Ron starts to unfold his legs, he suddenly SCREAMS in pain,
     grabbing his calf. Rayon grabs his leg, presses his fingers
     deep into the muscle and massages. Ron contorts in pain,
     grips the side of the bed. Rayon goes deeper.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 25



               Breath.   Relax.

Ron breaths.    Finally the pain subsides and Ron is left limp.


               Here, drink some water.

Rayon HOLDS the cup so Ron can drink.


               You gotta stay hydrated or your muscles
               will cramp.

Rayon starts to massage Ron's other foot.


               You got nice feet.


               Jesus Christ, I'm straight, OK!

Rayon leaves Ron alone.    An awkward beat.


               Why the fuck you in here anyway?


               The AZT trial. My friend is paying me to
               split my dose with him. That way we'll
               both get some.


               How much is he paying you?


               Five grand.


               What?


               I coulda charged him twenty.


               How about me? Will you sell me some?


               Sorry, sweetie. I made a deal.

We HEAR someone speaking loud in the hallway, in Spanish.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 26



                     
                 Can you keep it down?




     Eve spots Ron, back in his clothes, walking towards the exit.


                 Mr. Woodroof!

     Ron stops, turns to see Eve approaching wit Nurse Frazin.


                 Where are you going?


                 I signed myself out.


                 You're too sick to leave here.


                 The worst-case scenario bein' what?


                 We can keep you comfortable at least.


                 Thanks, but I prefer to die with my
                 boots on.


                 As your doctor, I cannot recommend you to
                 do this.


                 Well as my doctor, can you get me some
                 damn AZT?

     Eve just looks at him.   She can't.   Ron takes off.




     Ron emerges from his Lincoln, approaches his trailer. Stops
     in his tracks at the EVICTION NOTICE taped to his padlocked
     door, over which someone has spray-painted: FAGGOT BLOOD.


                 I still live here, you hear me?!    I
                 fuckin' live here!!
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 27


     He looks around, eyes wild, heart racing... but there's no one
     there to hear him. After a beat, he crosses to his car, pops
     the trunk. Grabs a single-barreled Winchester SHOTGUN lying
     within it. He checks the CHAMBER, spins the gun, does a few
     maneuvers, the barrel pointing at his head. He pumps it, then
     in a flash levels it and BLASTS the lock off his trailer door.




     Ron enters, and desperately looks around for something,
     anything to take with him. He finds HIDDEN CASH in a Patsy
     Cline Crazy cassette box.

     A duffel bag on the shoulder, he grabs the TEXAS WILDFLOWER
     PAINTING off the wall and exits.




     Ron starts the engine and drives to the two Kids from earlier
     looking on curiously. Ron gives them a handful of candies he
     stole from the hospital, and nods toward his trailer.


                 Have fun, kids.     It's all yours.

     And with that, he pulls away.




     Ron cruises... feeling as good as he looks. He pulls the car
     over. Sits there in silence. Breathes in. Looks over at his
     stuff on the back seat, and then at his gun lying next to him.
     He grips the steering wheel... and starts to cry.




     Ron's Lincoln rolls down the crowded, impoverished street.




     Ron in the grips of PNEUMONIA, studies a hand drawn map of the
     city streets. His hands shake, his skin burns with fever.

     Ron turns down a small side street, stops in front of a
     nondescript, WHITEWASHED door.
             Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 27A




     Ron enters, blind-sided by the mayhem inside. Boxes of drugs
     and hospital supplies lie in various stages of unpacking. An
     INTERPRETER shouts above the din to his wealthy ASIAN CLIENT.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 28


DR. VASS , fit but tired, shouts in Spanish to a MAN
unloading boxes. He effortlessly switches to Japanese,
continues to shout to another worker.

Dr. Vass sees Ron, quickly moves over to him.


            You have something for me to sign?


            I'm lookin' for Dr. Vass.

Dr. Vass steps over.


            Speak up.


            I'm lookin' for Vass, for some AZT.


            Looking to poison yourself?

He grabs an empty bottle of pills on the counter.   Throws it
to Ron.


            That's from the chemical manufacturer who
            makes AZT, Sigma.

Ron looks at the bottle labeled with skull and crossbones:



            First thing I tell my patients: you won't
            find that shit here!

Ron looks confused. A nearby stack of boxes tumbles over.
Dr. Vass shouts to no one in particular.


            Who stacked those boxes there?
                
            Check in with a nurse.

Dr. Vass is off, ripping open boxes.

Ron starts to cough again.   Badly.   Vass notices, and shouts
something in Spanish.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 29




     Frail and weak, Ron lies on a cot, surrounded by a dozen other
     PATIENTS of varied nationalities. A NURSE records his vital
     signs in a chart, then hands it off to Dr. Vass, who peruses
     the information and begins reading aloud:


                   Cocaine, alcohol, methamphetamine, AZT.
                       
                   That's what I call a recipe for disaster.


                       
                   Doc, this place is a shit-hole.


                   Who said I was a Doctor? They revoked my
                   license to practice three years ago,
                   that's why I'm down in this shit-hole.


                   Why?   What'd you do?


                   I didn't play ball.

     Ron smiles.


                   These drugs you're doing, they're
                   breaking down your immune system, making
                   you susceptible to infections.


                   So cocaine gave me pneumonia?


                   Cocaine made you more susceptible.
                   As did AZT.


                   I thought AZT's supposed to help me.


                   The only people AZT helps are the people
                   who sell it.
                       
                   It kills every cell it comes in contact
                   with, good and bad.


                   So medically speakin', I kicked my own
                   ass!
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 30



                     
                 I'm prescribing a regimen of vitamins
                 as well as the mineral zinc to build your
                 immune system back up. You'll also be
                 taking Aloe and essential fatty acids.




     In gloves and surgical masks, Eve looks on Nurse Frazin who is
     drawing blood from Rayon's arm, five other AIDS PATIENTS
     nearby. That done, the Nurse dispenses meds, giving each
     patient a paper pill cup marked with a different NUMBER.
     Rayon takes his pill, winces; Eve makes a mental note, then
     walks down the line of patients, touching each of them. She
     comes to Rayon, gives his shoulder a squeeze, then exits.


                         Six months Later




     Medical journals everywhere; on the wall are rows of
     entomology, various butterflies encased in GLASS. A healthier
     Ron sits across from Dr. Vass who reads his test results.


                 Well?


                 Better.   Your T-Cell count's improving.


                 Am I still positive for HIV?


                 You'll always test positive for HIV, and
                 now, you have AIDS, due the toxic shit
                 you've been pumping into your body, all
                 the drugs, plus the AZT.

              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 31


                 You shot your immune system. Now you
                 have chronic pneumonia, among other
                 things. It can cause memory loss, mood
                 swings, aching joints...


                 If it sucks, I got it.

     Dr. Vass smiles and holds up a bottle in each hand.


                 This is DDC, it works as an anti viral
                 similar to AZT but less toxic. And this
                 is Peptide T, it's a protein -- totally
                 non-toxic. Early studies have shown it
                 can help with all of that. This is what
                 I had you on since you got here.


                 And you can't buy them back in the U.S.?


                 No, not approved.

     Ron takes the bottle of PEPTIDE T, turns it over in his hand,
     looks around.


                 Chinks, homos and herbs, you got a new
                 world order here, Vass. You could be
                 makin' a fortune off this stuff.




     Ron stares into the trunk of his Lincoln Convertible.

     VARIOUS BOXES filled with illegal meds are packed to the brim.
     It won't close. Ron slams it shut.

     Dr. Vass emerges from the building. He hands Ron a neatly
     folded black vest, black pants and a detachable clerical
     collar on top.


                 If you get caught, don't tell them you
                 got AIDS. They'll never let you back in.
                 You've got thirty days to get your ass
                 back down here and pay me the other half,
                 after that I send MIGUEL.

     Ron nods to Miguel, hops in his car, starts it, nods to Vass
     and takes off.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 32




     Ron's convertible races along the asphalt road. Hot desert
     sun. Sand and dirt cake the rims and tires. The car slows
     down and comes to a stop on the side of the road.




     BINOCULARS POV on CARS making their way across the
     MEXICAN/AMERICAN BORDER. Ron puts down the binoculars and
     writes on a NOTEBOOK. A crude drawing of the border. He
     marks different lanes, studies it, looking for patterns.

     Ron throws the pen down and exits the car.




     As Ron goes to get out of the car he is pulled back by a
     PLASTIC TUBE attached to his ARM.

     We follow it up to a shirt HOOK on the passenger side.

     An I.V. BAG hangs carelessly from the hook, a liquid flowing
     INTRAVENOUSLY into Ron's arm.

     He reaches in and grabs the bag off the hook, gets out of the
     car, holds the bag above his shoulder and takes a PISS.




     Ron now wears a PRIEST UNIFORM.   He hands the BORDER AGENT his
     passport.


                 Anything to declare.


                 Nada.

     The Border Agent takes him in a moment, his outfit, the car,
     the frame of the trunk almost touching the wheel and...






     Ron sits behind a table when a MAN in a suit walks in.   He
     takes off his jacket and sits.
        Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 32A



             I'm Richard Barkley from the Food and
             Drug Administration office.

Ron nods.   A beat.




             You're a priest?
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 33


      Ron smiles.   The customs agent doesn't.


                    You have over 2,000 pills here. You are
                    only allowed to bring in a ninety day
                    supply.


                    Well as I told the gentlemen, I am a sick
                    man. I have cancer. I take 22 pills a
                    day and these here vials of Vitamin A, C,
                    E and Zinc. That there is ninety days.

      The man looks at Ron, not really buying it. He takes a bottle
      of Peptide T and looks at it.


                    Vitamins?
                        
                    You do realize that importing unapproved
                    drugs for sale is a very serious offense?


                    Well, as I said, they're not for
                    sale. And they ain't illegal,
                    just "unapproved."

      A long beat; they stare at each other.


                    If we find the slightest indication that
                    you're selling these drugs for profit,
                    you will be thrown in jail... Father.


                    Then I promise to take each and every
                    one of them pills myself. In fact this
                    present detainment has already put me off
                    schedule... Son.




      Ron talks to Nurse Frazin.


                    I'm looking for Dr. Eve Saks.


                    She's not here today.

      Nurse Frazin leaves. Ron looks over the counter, sees
      something, looks around...
             Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 33A




     Perfectly ordered and spotless except for files and reports
     piled on the floor. An exhausted Eve takes her lab coat off,
     picks up a study and aims for the kitchen when a KNOCK comes
     at the door.


                 It's open!

     Ron comes in.


                 Mr. Woodroof... Ron, I thought you
                 were...
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 34



                
            Dead? Sorry for bargin' in.


            What are you doing here?   You look great.


            Actually I look amazin'.   But you,
            you look like shit.


            What happened to you?


            So you got any music?   Or crackers?


            I'm sorry, but what is this?


            It's a celebration of how absolutely
            fuckin' wrong you were.

Ron holds up a bottle of sparkling wine.


            Excuse me?


            Thirty days you said! Well here it is
            months later and I'm goin' like
            gangbusters. Now if that don't call for
            a little Cheez Whiz on a Ritz, I don't
            know what does!

Ron heads for the refrigerator.


            No.   Don't... I don't really eat here.

The DOORBELL interrupts them. Ron watches as Eve crosses and
opens the door, admitting Rayon, looking like shit and shaking
badly in a full-length, pink fur coat.


            Them bastards Kentucky fried me.

Rayon sways; Eve grabs his arm.   Ron watches as Eve helps
Rayon inside.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 35



            You women love Nancy Boys.

Ron crosses to help Rayon to the couch.   He leans his head
back, labors to breathe.


                
            Tell me what's wrong.


            Hell, I'll tell you what's wrong,
            it's the goddamn AZT!


            What?


            It's killin' him, can't you see that?
            Why you think I look so healthy?

Ron reaches into his his jacket, produces a small BOX filled
with MEDS. He takes out a brand new syringe and bottle of
liquid.


            Tinkerbell, how much cash you got?

Off his silence, Ron rummages through Rayon's purse, extracts
two twenties, pockets them, and starts preparing the syringe.


            What the hell do you think you're doing?!


            Helpin' him, that's what.


            He's a participant in a clinical trial,
            we need to get him to the hospital!


            So they can fuck him up even worse?

Ron disregards her protests, starts to inject Rayon.


            Are you out of your mind?!    If anything
            happens to him--


            Relax, it's just a little vitamin boost,
            A, C, zinc.

              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 36


                     
                 You want to live, get off the AZT.


                 It's a blind study! We don't even know
                 if he's getting AZT!


                 Everyone knows what they're gettin'.
                 AZT tastes differently. I guess I got
                 lucky and got the real thing.


                 Yeah, real lucky.
                     
                 I've got stuff here that works. Healthy,
                 non-toxic. You should trial it and we'll
                 both get rich.


                 Leave, please!

     Ron turns to Rayon.


                 Tell your friends about me. Send `em
                 my way and I'll hook `em up.

     Ron heads for the door.


                 And tell `em to bring their fuckin'
                 money. Cash. No checks.

     Eve and Rayon can't believe this guy.




     Ron stands in the heartland of the gay community, with SHOPS,
     BARS and CLUBS. He tries to engage gay PASSERSBY, none of
     whom will give him the time of day.




     With another support meeting underway, Ron talks to a small
     group of GAY MEN, who look at him warily.




     Dozens of GAY MEN mill about; Ron watches as some hold hands,
     others grope one another.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 37


     He spots a COUPLE just talking,   but as he approaches, they
     start making out. Ron stops in his tracks, turns to leave,
     bumps right into a MAN dressed just like him, except this
     cowboy's CHAPS have nothing covering his ass. The guy nods
     for Ron to follow him inside the club.


                 Are you out of your fucking mind?!




     As Nurse Frazin monitors an AIDS PATIENT receiving a blood
     transfusion, Eve reviews his chart.


                 This man also had a transfusion?


                 The AZT. We can tell who's on it by the
                 symptoms. Most of them need new blood.


                     
                 He's actually getting worse.

     Eve looks at the sleeping Patient; she reaches for his hand.


                 So why are they stopping the trial?


                 What do you mean?


                 Barrow Wilkem, didn't you see the memo?
                 They claim most people are feeling better
                 and fewer people are dying.


                 Really?




     In mid-conversation, Eve follows Dr. Sevard down the hall.


                 Transfusions always makes patients feel
                 better. Give the placebo patients new
                 blood and they'll feel better too.

     Sevard stops to sign a form for a NURSE.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 38



                 I have questions about the drug's safety.
                 I've seen it drop white blood cells in a
                 lot of my patients making them more
                 susceptible to infection.


                 It's Barrow Wilkem's call, Eve. So we
                 can get the drug to the people who need
                 it.


                 After six months?


                 Their trial results are overwhelmingly
                 positive. AZT is working.


                 But we have no idea what the long term
                 effects are. It's irresponsible.


                 These people die, Eve.     There are no
                 long-term effects.


                 Can I see a copy of the study?


                 It's still being written.    Here.

     He produces a two page document and hands it to Eve.


                 A press release from the NIH?

     Sevard crosses off.   Eve stands there, stunned.

     Her POV on the press release: "HIV-positive patients are twice
     as likely to get AIDS if they don't take AZT."




     Ron is parked on a quiet street. He counts his cash and is
     startled when suddenly a WOMAN gets in the passenger seat.


                     
                 Jesus Mother Mary Fuckin' Christ!

     She's not a woman, it's...
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 39



            I was looking for you, Lonestar.


            I could of killed you!


            I feel better! I wanted to thank you.


            Good for you. Now get the fuck out!


            I need more of that cocktail shit you
            got!


            Listen Tinkerbell, unless you got cash or
            some new clients for me, I'm busy. Now
            get the f...


                
            Let's just do this quickly so I can get
            the fuck out!

Rayon shows Ron a stack of bills.    A big one.


            You got enough for 20 of us?

Rayon sees how Ron looks at his cash.


            You know what? You don't deserve our
            money, you homophobic asshole!

Rayon gets out.   Ron watches him walk away in disbelief.


            Am I fuckin' dreamin'?

Rayon walks over to a FRIEND of his on the street.    That's
Ron's POV as he backs his car towards them.


            Here's enough for 20, find me 20 more and
            I'll cut you in. Five percent.

Rayon plays it cool, barely looks at Ron.


            Adios, cowboy.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 40



                  What's wrong?


                  I can handle your insults, but five
                  percent?


                  Ten.


                  Twenty five, take it or leave it.

58    Ron shakes his head in disbelief. And nods.     Rayon walks to   58
      Ron's car with a big smile on his face.




      Rayon tries to get Ron to come in.   Ron doesn't want to.
      Rayon pushes him in.




      On the dance floor, Rayon grinds with a group of MEN. He
      waves Ron over from the sidelines. The cowboy with the
      chapless butt stares at Ron. Ron doesn't think it's funny.




      Rayon is on the look out. Ron sells MEDS out of the trunk of
      his car to a line of GAY MEN. A CUSTOMER hands him some cash,
      Ron reaches into his trunk and finds a pair of handcuffs
      slapped on his wrists. He's pushed against the cars, his legs
      kicked apart. Fuck.




      Ron sits with David Wayne.


                  Five grand worth of shit.   Shit I owe
                  money on.

      Richard Barkley walks in.


                  Father Woodroof. 90 days supply?
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 40A



                  I was just sharing.


                      
                  Listen, I know what the situation is. I
                  know people are looking for solutions.
                  But this is not the right one. This is
                  dangerous. You can't sell drugs to
                  people. Do you understand?


                  Yeah, I understand.

                            David Wayne
                  My client would like his drugs back for
                  his own personal use.

                            Richard Barkley
                  They've already been destroyed.

      Ron clenches his jaw, tries to remain cool.

                            Richard Barkley
                  I hope we have an understanding.   You're
                  breaking the law.




      Ron is back to his reading. In front of him: NEWSPAPERS from
      SAN FRANCISCO, LONDON, NEW YORK. Ron sees something. Light
      bulb moment.




      Ron and Rayon walk towards an old retro looking motel from the
      sixties.


                  You gotta be kidding me?!


                  No, perfect place. We gotta lay low.
                  Don't wanna get busted. I got a plan.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 41




     Ron stacks boxes in the room among his personal stuff.   The
     place looks like what it is: a cheap sex motel.


                 This place is disgusting.    We need to
                 disinfect.


                 Do not use the word "we". Now you wanna
                 put your apron on and fly around on your
                 broom, be my guest.

     Just then, a KNOCK on the open door.    Rayon and Ron look up to
     see attorney DAVID WAYNE, 40s.


                 Howdy Counselor, welcome.


                 Hi, I'm Rayon.

     Wayne takes in Rayon.


                 He's my partner.   Business partner.

     Ron throws a key to Rayon.


                 Your office's next door.

     Rayon gets the message and exits.   Wayne looks around at all
     the boxes.


                 Jesus, how many truck loads you bring
                 back from Mexico? All for your own
                 personal use?
                     
                 Here's the paper work for your LLC. I
                 don't even want to know what it's for.


                 Don't worry, Counselor. I ain't selling
                 drugs anymore.
                     
                 I'm giving them away. For free.
                     
                 By selling memberships. Four hundred a
                 month in dues gets you all the meds you
                 need.

              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 42




     Wayne looks at him, thinking it over.


                    You son of a bitch!


                    Bitches. Plural. There's a bunch of
                    faggots runnin' a hell of a club up in
                    New York. That's where I got the idea.
                        
                    Welcome to the Dallas Buyers Club.




     Eve pours herself a glass of red wine, cleans the stain left
     by the bottle on the counter and sits on the couch between
     paper works. CLOSE ON the TV NEWS ANCHOR.


                    Barrow Wilkem announced today that AZT
                    has been approved as the first drug to
                    treat AIDS. At a cost of $10,000 per
                    year per patient, AZT is the most
                    expensive drug ever marketed. Barrow
                    Wilkem stock jumped a whopping 12% today
                    on the news.

     Eve sits, staring at the TV.




     The small room has been turned into an office. In his version
     of a Nurse outfit, Rayon is taping photos of MARC BOLAN to the
     wall. We now understand where Rayon's look comes from. TEN
     MEN linger through the room and into the next one through a
     connecting door...



     Ron is behind a desk, atop which sits a gun, a bottle of
     Tequila and dozens of medical files. On the wall nearby are
     posters of SPORTS CARS and BIKINI MODELS as well as the Texas
     Wildflowers painting, news clippings regarding AIDS and a
     crude CHART listing Patients and their info: SYMPTOMS, DRUGS
     TAKEN, and ORIENTATION .
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 43



                
            Roanie, we have two new customers.

Ron looks up from the chart he's filling out.


            Bring 'em in and if you call me Roanie
            again...
                
            ...I'ma use this gun to give you the sex
            change you been hopin' for.

Rayon shakes his head, walking off, as IAN and MICHAEL, a
conservative gay couple in their 50s appear in the doorway.
They look at Ron's gun and hesitate to walk in.


            Ah shit, did I scare you? Sorry.
            Welcome to the Dallas Buyers Club.

Ron puts the gun away.   Ian and Michael sit down.   Ian is
clearly very ill.


            Rayon said you can get us some medicine.


            He told you how it works? Treatments and
            drugs are free, but the membership, 400$.

They nod yes.


                
            You'll have to sign a waiver. We take no
            responsibility for the drugs we give you.
            You croak, you croak. That's your
            problem.

Michael looks at Ian, who nods okay.   They sign the waiver.


            We have AZT, it helped Ian a little at
            first, but now he can't walk or think
            straight.


            First of all, flush that shit down the
            toilet. Secondly, stay away from
            anything that'll cook your insides.
            Third, get healthy and if your brain's
            broke, I got something called Peptide T
            that'll fix it.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 44


      Michael looks at Ian, not sure what to think.     Ron hands them
      each a questionnaire.


                     Fill that there out and don't cheat on
                     the drugs part. Can't help you if I
                     don't know what you're doin'.

      Ron puts a box of pills on the desk.


                     I got more stuff comin' in about a week.
                     Til then, watch what you eat and who you
                     eat.




      Eve paces, checks her watch as Nurse Frazin sits nearby
      reviewing files.


                     He didn't call, leave a message?


                     Nothing.
                         
                     He did change his address recently.




      Still in her white lab coat, Eve gets out of her car and walks
      towards an open door.




      Boxes of drugs and herbs everywhere. Ron is on the phone
      arguing with someone, a small Japanese-English dictionary in
      his hand. He stops in his tracks when he sees Eve walking in.


                     Never mind. I'll call back.   Thank you.
                     Arigato.

      He hangs up.


                     What are you doing here?


                     I live here.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 45



                   Where's Rayon?     You're roommates now?


                   Not exactly. What are you doing here?

     Confused, Eve looks down on Ron's desk, picks up a file.
     He moves to stop her, but he's too late.


                   Roger Thompson? This is my patient.        Are
                   you treating these people?


                   They're treatin' themselves.


                   With what?


                   Vitamins, Peptide T, DDC. Anything but
                   that poison you're hawkin'.

     Eve starts to look at the chart.      A few beats, then:


                   Do you ever wear any color?    Every time I
                   see you I see white.

     Ron smiles.   Eve does not.


                   Tell Rayon I was looking for him. And
                   I'm telling my patients to stay away from
                   here.

     Eve walks out the door.


                   Why? You wanna go grab a steak?     I know
                   it's red but...

     And she exits.




     A near empty cart stands next to Ron as he studies the label
     on a box. Rayon, dressed in his pink coat, walks up.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 46



            This is the shit that'll rot your
            insides. What a surprise, FDA approved.
            What the fuck is potassium benzoate?


            Preservative.

Rayon throws a pack of bologna in the cart.


            You fuckin' kiddin' me?

Defiant, Rayon puts his hand on his hips.


            Don't pollute me with that processed
            crap. I'm eatin' healthy.

Ron removes the bologna and throws it at Rayon who almost
fumbles the catch.


            It's protein, it's good for you.


            Put it back.

Rayon tosses it back at Ron.


            You can't tell me what to do.

Ron throws the Bologna harder at Rayon, who catches it like a
pro football player, much to Ron's surprise. Rayon enjoys the
moment and disappears down the isle, proud, with his bologna
under the arm.

Ron turns the corner of the next isle. T.J. is there putting
a case of BEER in his shopping cart. An uncomfortable moment
passes.


            Uh, hey Ron.

Ron nods at him.


            How're you doin'?


            Fine.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 47


Rayon appears at the other end of the isle.      T.J. sees him and
laughs.


              Jesus, faggots everywhere.

T.J. looks at Ron for confirmation.   Rayon reaches them and
throws a bag of chips in the cart.


              Hi.

T.J. and Ron don't answer.    An awkward beat.


              This is Rayon.
                  
              He said hi to you.

Rayon sticks out his hand.    T.J. doesn't respond.


              Shake his hand, T.J.

He doesn't.


              Come on, buddy, what's your fuckin'
              problem?

T.J. gives Ron the finger. Ron grabs T.J.'s hand and twists
it behind his back. T.J. resists, tries to get out of Ron's
grip but can't. He finally extends his hand. Rayon shakes
it.


              Good. Now get the fuck outta here and go
              back to your miserable life.

T.J. stares at Ron for a while, angry, humiliated, then
leaves. Ron watches him go. Rayon stares at Ron, unsure of
how to react to this. A subtle smile appears on his face.


              What?

Rayon's moved that Ron stuck up for him.   He starts to tear
up.

Ron sees the bag of chips in the cart and throws it at Rayon.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 48




     Two dozen MEN, all prospective buyers, snake down the long
     exterior hallway. A NEIGHBOR walks by, disgusted, hugging the
     wall as he makes it to his own door.

     That is Ron's POV following at a distance as he arrives from
     the supermarket.




     A young, gay man, FREDDIE, stands awkwardly fidgeting by the
     door, makeup poorly masking lesions on his face and neck. The
     line of customers is snaking behind him. Ron sees Freddie's
     money, grabs it and counts it.


                 Fifty bucks.
                     
                 You don't got the money, you don't join
                 the club. This ain't no charity.

     Ron gives Freddy his money back.


                 You need three hundred and fifty more.

     DENISE, a Club volunteer, early forties, walks in.


                 Beaumont Lab's delivery is here.    A woman
                 says you were expecting her.




     FRANCINE SUSKIND , stands in front of Ron's desk looking
     at a MAN behind her wheeling in cardboard boxes on a dolly.


                 You can get it abroad but in the States,
                 we can only use it for animal research.
                 It's not classified as a drug so the FDA
                 does not control it.


                 I'm usin' it for memory loss.   You oughta
                 try gettin' it to market.


                 It costs around 250 million dollars to
                 get a drug to market.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 49



                 Damn, bureaucracy is good business.

     Francine smiles, she likes Ron.   The man places the BOXES
     marked PEPTIDE T on the floor.


                 These are for your animal research.

     Ron winks at her, waits for the delivery man to leave, and
     produces a plastic BAG filled with vials and drugs.


                 And these are for your daughter.

     She takes the bag of medication and surprisingly becomes
     emotional. She holds it back, tries to say thank you but
     can't. Ron nods "it's ok". She hugs him.




     Rayon finishes packing Ron's suitcase.   He's high.   Wasted.




     Ron works the combination lock on a safe. He stops. Wonders
     what's wrong. Looks dizzy. He goes to his desk and pops some
     pills. Takes a deep breath.

     Rayon enters with the suitcase and a Pan Am airline envelope.


                 You're all packed, here's your ticket.

     Ron removes a stack of cash from the safe and hands it to
     Rayon.


                     
                 Jesus! Are you fuckin' high?


                 None of your business.


                 Actually, it is if I can't fuckin' trust
                 you.
                      
                 Denise!

     Denise shows up from the other room.
Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 49A



    You're in charge!


        
    No! You can trust me!
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 50


     They stare at each other.


                 Make sure my new Caddy is at the airport
                 for when I get back.


                 Got it.


                 Denise, you hearin' this? Now you two
                 monkeys take care of the zoo.

     And as Ron takes his suitcase and exits...


                     
                 Keep an eye on him.




     A 747 soars across the sky.      On screen appears:

               Hayashira Chemical Lab - Okayama, Japan




     Briefcase in hand, cowboy hat on his head, Ron waits along
     with JAPANESE MEN who all stare at him. After a few beats,
     MR. YAMATA, the lab's manager approaches.


                 Mr. Woodroof?


                 That's me.

     Yamata bows, then:


                 Regarding your order. I am so sorry, but
                 we are no longer allowed to export
                 interferon to the United States.


                 What do you mean?


                 I am sorry. I know you've come a long
                 way.
Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 50A



    Fourteen hours on a plane, but hey, who
    gives a shit, right?
        

                 Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 51


                    Look, if it's a matter of money, I can
                    make it worth your while, I got cash--


                        
                    Please understand. Japanese doctors
                    will be the only ones who can make the
                    purchase.

     And as Ron's wheels turn...




     CLOSE ON -- DR. HIROSHI, 40s, who sits talking on the phone.


                        
                    ...that is correct. Two thousand vials
                    of alpha interferon.

     A REVERSE ANGLE reveals Ron, across from Hiroshi. Over the
     above, he slides ten $100 dollar bills across the desk.


                        
                    That's right. Delivered directly to my
                    office. Thank you.
                        
                    Slow drip. Very strong. Slow drip.

     Ron walks to Dr. Hiroshi, thanks him, and looks him over from
     head to toe.




     Ron packs his suitcase and puts on a ROLEX and an expensive
     ring.



     Ron looks at his reflection in the mirror.




     A CUSTOMS OFFICER looks at Ron dressed with Dr. Hiroshi's lab
     coat, and wearing Dr. Sevard's hair style as he talks into a
     large first generation cell phone.


                    Yeah, I'm coming. Prepare the sedation.
                    Propofol. 10 milligrams.

              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 52


                 I said I'm coming.
                     
                 Good morning.




     Ron enters the Men's rest room carrying his suitcase and
     briefcase, and disappears in a...



     Ron injects a needle into his arm.

     On the toilet, an empty VIAL from the BRIEFCASE.

     Ron takes his lab coat off and stops. A searing pain courses
     through his chest. Ron grimaces. The strange ringing again
     in his ears. Then another shooting pain...




     Tucker and a fellow POLICE OFFICER are doing paperwork next to
     a MAN covered with BLOOD. Tucker has a double take when he
     sees an unconscious Ron being wheeled in on a stretcher by two





     Visible through an open door, Ron lies in bed in a hospital
     gown, hooked up to an I.V. tube. In the hall, Tucker and Dr.
     Sevard are with the FDA's Richard Barkley.


                 We don't know what the drugs are.    He's
                 got HIV.


                 Woodroof?




     Ron hears the voices in the hallway.


                 That a party out there?

     Dr. Sevard and the others hear Ron, enter his room.


                 Mr. Woodroof.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 53



            Doc-tor Sevard!   You must be surprised to
            see me.


            You nearly killed yourself. We need to
            know where you acquired those drugs.


                
            And I need to know what you're
            pumpin' into me here.


            A combination of AZT...


            What?   Get it out!

Ron rips the I.V. out of his arm.


            I'm gonna sue you for attempted murder!
            Where's my stuff?


            Your stuff gave you a heart attack.


            Go to hell. I say what goes in my body,
            not you. Final. Period. End of story.


            That decision, like it or not, is left up
            to the people in this hospital.


            This thing's an epidemic and you're still
            lookin for guinea pigs. Well do I look
            like a rodent to you?


            Mr. Woodroof, we tolerate the Buyers
            Clubs. Now, every other organization in
            the country is dancing with us but for
            some reason, either you don't understand
            what we're saying or you just don't give
            a shit.


            You're a fool if you think you're helping
            yourself.
Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 53A



    That's right. I fooled you.   You told me
    I'd be dead in thirty days.

              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 54


                 Well HOWDYFUCKINDOODY, cuz it's a year
                 later and look whose still here?

     Tucker tries to stifle a laugh.


                 Now I'm through with you. You got
                 anything to say, tell it to my real
                 doctor, Dr. Saks.

     Rayon rushes in carrying Ron's leather jacket.


                 I was so worried --


                     
                 Where's my suitcase?


                 Mr. Woodroof, would you please get back
                 in bed?


                 Nope. And if you're gonna call an
                 orderly on me, you'd better fuckin' do
                 it, cuz this motherfucker is going home.

81   Ron grabs his leather jacket and throws it on.    He walks out   81
     and we see he's naked under his gown.




     Eve sits behind her desk, Dr. Sevard standing across from her.


                 You're his physician and you can't tell
                 me what medications he's on?


                 He came in once for advice. I have
                 no idea what he does outside of this
                 hospital.


                 Well the FDA confiscated over two
                 thousand vials of alpha interferon...
                 that he was about to sell to AIDS
                 patients. Our patients!
Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 54A



        
    Actually, I've been reading about Buyers
    Clubs. They say they found other drugs
    that are eliminating symptoms.
           Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 55-57



                 Without controlled trials, we'll never be
                 able to cure this thing because we'll
                 have no legitimate data. Tell your
                 patients to stay away from him.

     With that, Sevard exits.   On Eve.




     Lots of activity, many EMPLOYEES on phones, SHIPMENTS coming
     in, new CLIENTS lined up through the connecting door into...

     RON'S OFFICE. Maps of the different locations around the
     country where buyers clubs have shown up, New-York, San-
     Francisco, Miami.


                     
                 This guy says the Florida Buyers Club is
                 cheaper.


                 Then tell him to move to the fuckin'
                 sunshine state!

     A phone cradled in his neck, Ron accepts a shipment of several
     dozen boxes from a guy we saw earlier in Mexico.


                     
                 What do you mean you can't get it back?!
                 It was authorized by a doctor!


                 The FDA said it was a Japanese doctor
                 with no legal standing. What can I say,
                 they make it up as they go.


84               Then check China, Amsterdam and Israel               84
                 cause that's where I'm fuckin' goin'!




     PLANES take off and LAND; we track Ron making his way through
     various airports and international cities; we see a series of
     Departure Boards - Tel Aviv; Amsterdam; Hong Kong.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 58




     Not yet open for business. As Rayon and his friend SUNNY hang
     photos on a freshly-painted nearby wall. Eve stands across
     from Ron with her arms crossed.


                 I got first hand experience with all of
                 'em. And I'll tell you something else,
                 if I don't know what somethin' is, or
                 don't trust the white coat who's trying
                 to sell it to me, I fed-ex it to my lab
                 in Seattle and they test if for me.

     Eve looks around at all the boxes and files.


                 Then I test it all on myself before I
                 give it to anyone else.
                     
                 I'm my own lab rat.

     He grabs a box of meds.


                 Compound Q. You know what happens if I
                 come off it? My hair falls out, I lose
                 weight, I can't get my dick up and I
                 start to die. I got three hundred other
                 people with the same experience.
                     
                 Peptitde T. Gets rid of dementia. Stop
                 takin' it and you can't think straight,
                 walk straight, or act straight. I got
                 over two hundred people on that. You
                 following me?
                     
                 DDC and DDI, both toxic, but in small
                 doses, helps kick opportunistic
                 infections.


                 Ron, I respect that you're learning about
                 your illness but some of these people
                 should be in the hospital.


                 All the hospital wants is to serve up



                 AZT helps eradicate the virus.
        Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 58A



            Fuck the virus, once you got that, you're
            married to it. I'm more concerned about
            my symptoms and survival. I mean, I'm no
            scientist but...


                
            You're not? 'Cause you sound so...
            scientific.

Rayon and Sunny laugh like children.


            You fuckin' high again?


                
            I dunno.


            Are you listenin' to what I'm sayin'
            here about usin' that shit?
                
            And what the fuck did you do to my wall?!


            It's cranberry mocha.     For the holidays.

Ron looks back at Eve, exasperated.    He grabs a folder off his
desk.


            People can live with this thing for
            longer than they're saying. Ninety-six-
            percent of people diagnosed with AIDS in
            the U S of A will be dead in under six
            months.


            I know the statistics.


            Then use them. Why give people AZT when
            their immune system is broken? It's
            fuckin' toxic!


            If you're abusing it, like you did, with
            no medical surveillance, of course it is.
             Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 58B



                 Maybe I did abuse it, but I'm off it now,
                 and I'm here, feeling good. And I'm not
                 the only one.

     Ron turns to Rayon and Sunny, who are hanging Marc Bolan's
     pictures on the wall.


                 Why is Boy George's goddamned face
                 everywhere in my room?

     Rayon and Sunny laugh.


                 It's Marc Bolan, silly! Why don't you
                 just get it over with and say it, you
                 love it!


                     
                 Take your sunflower and get out.


                 Fine!

     Rayon and Sunny leave the room, laughing. Ron TEARS down
     Bolan's pictures, and throws down the folder.


                 You know what, look at it, don't look at
                 it, I don't give a shit.

87   After a beat, Eve takes the folder.                           87
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 59






89    Ron looks at his reflection in the mirror. Looks like he just 89
      woke up. He stands over the sink taking his meds, pouring out
      pills from among a DOZEN bottles. He finishes taking the last
      pills, washing them down with water. Runs his hands through
      his hair, looks at himself in the mirror, tries to find a
      flattering angle. He stands there looking at himself. After
      a while, he nods his approval.




      Sevard is about to walk into a room but stops in his track.
      Dumbfounded, he walks towards another room, shakes his head
      and continues to the nurse's station.


                  Where the hell are my trial patients?

      Nurse Frazin ignores him and walks away.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 60




      The place is jammed with BUYERS. On the wall, people add
      their information to Ron's ever growing chart. EMPLOYEES
      unpack boxes and wait to talk to Ron who walks out.




      Ron walks past the line of customers and up the stairs to the
      second floor. He spots a MAN leaning against his new
      Cadillac.


                       Don't touch!




      Rayon, sick again, rolls down his pants and prepares to insert
      a needle into his thigh. He closes his eyes, brings the
      wavering needle closer to his skin...


                  If you ain't doin' poppers and coke, how
                  come you look like such shit?

      Rayon ignores Ron, tries to muster up the courage.


                  You pussy, stick it in. Who do you think
                  is gonna do that when I ain't here?

      Rayon looks at Ron with pleading eyes.


                  Rayon, I swear, God sure was dressin' the
                  wrong doll when he blessed you with a
                  pair of balls.
                      
                  Give me that thing.

      Ron takes the needle and injects Rayon with the drug.


                  You know it's one thing for me not to
                  like you, but why don't you be a better
                  friend to yourself?


                  If I really thought you were interested,
                  I'd tell you.

      Just then, the door opens.   It's Ron's attorney, David Wayne.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 61



                 What are you doin' here?


                     
                 You're being audited. The IRS.




     Ron and David Wayne look on as two IRS AGENTS carry out boxes
     of receipts and other financial records.


                 Nice work, fellas, great. This is how
                 you got Al Capone, ain't it?

     As the Agents exit:


                 Don't piss them off. If there's a fine,
                 we'll pay it.


                 A fine? Fine, alright, how much? Ten
                 thousand? Twenty thousand? I'll write
                 you a check right now.

     Ron grabs his check book.


                 You think that will stop me, you
                 motherfuckers!

93   David waves Ron down with his hands.                            93




     Rayon is prepping shipping boxes with Sunny, drawing abstract
     artistic designs on the boxes.

     Ron walks out of the bathroom dressed in a gangster style
     suit. Rayon gives him the once over.
                 Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 62



                    Honey, you don't have a snowball's chance
                    wearing that thing.


                    Rayon, I don't need help gettin' ladies
                    from your sorry ass.


                    Trailer trash and rodeo groupies do not
                    count as ladies. Are you sure she said
                    the word yes?

     Fuck off!


                    You got any flowers?

     Ron looks around, spots the Wild Flower PAINTING. He walks
     over and yanks it off the wall, looks at Rayon defiantly, puts
     it under his arm and storms out the door.




     Eve waits in a booth. She watches a couple flirt at another
     table. The WOMAN laughs and tosses her hair back. Eve self
     consciously tucks her hair behind her ear. She stops,
     realizes what she's doing. Just then, Ron approaches with the



                    It's the Wildflowers.   Texas style.

     Ron hands her the painting.    She smiles, plays along.


                    They're beautiful. Thank you.    And I
                    don't even have to water them.

     Ron slides in across from her.


                    Thanks for coming.

     A beat.   She looks at his suit and smiles politely.


                    The IRS is on my ass.   I wonder who
                    tipped them off?
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 63



            You don't actually believe I would do
            that?


            Nah. But you gonna have to watch what
            you say when you're around that snake you
            work with. He's the virus I'm worried
            about. As a matter fact, if you hear of
            anything...

She shakes her head, amused.   A WAITER approaches.


            Bring us your best bottle of Cabernet.

The Waiter nods and leaves.


            Nice restaurant, beautiful woman. I feel
            like a human being again.
                
            How come you ain't got no high powered
            corporate honey to take you dancin'?


            I don't dance.


            That's cause you don't got a honey.   How
            old are you anyway? Twenty two?

Eve shoots him a "nice try" look.   She wonders, is he here to
flirt or talk business?
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 64



            Why are we here?


            To eat, drink, enjoy life, be merry...


            Yeah right.


            Take a break, relax, breathe, Saks.

She sits back, smiles, the waiter comes back with the wine.


            Normal people do that, ya know.

She takes a proper sip of wine as he takes a gulp.


            So why'd you become a doctor?


            Because I was good in science. And my
            father said studying history was a waste
            of time. So I went to med school.


            Not what I thought you'd say but makes
            sense, your dad was a practical man.


            Yes, he was. Your turn. Why did you
            become... an electrician, right?


            Well my old man was an electrician. A
            good one too. But he was a better
            drinker. Which I learned from him as
            well.

Ron raises his glass in a toast.   They share a smile.


            So I was around it a lot. Got pretty
            good at takin' shit apart, seein' how the
            insides worked, and then puttin' it back
            together. I was good at it and it put
            some change in my pocket.


            What about your mom?
             Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 64A



                 She was a painter, kind of a gypsy.     She
                 got tired a' all the shit and left.     You
                 know how it is.


                     
                 She painted that, your mom?


                 Don't feel like you gotta hang it.     I
                 know you like everything perfect.


                 I do not. I'll hang it. I'm going to
                 hang it. It's just... are you sure you
                 don't want to keep it?

     Ron looks at her.   A long time, then:


                 You need to enjoy your life, little lady.
                 You only got one.

96   The Waiter approaches with the wine.     Ron and Eve both look at 96
     each other, enjoying their company.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 65




     We hear someone breathing. We're on one of the POSTERS of a
     bikini clad woman. We pan to another poster of another girl,
     then another. The breathing is getting more intense. It's
     obvious that someone is masturbating. Then we're on a POSTER
     of... Marc Bolan. The breathing stops. Ron walks into frame
     and tears Bolan's poster down. Then he spots another one.
     And another one.


                 I'm gonna kill him!




     Ron sifts through boxes of inventory with a clipboard in his
     hand.

     A sickly looking Rayon sits on the sofa sipping a cup of green
     tea, watching TV.


                 We're running low on DDC and Peptide-T, I
                 thought you were stocking this?


                 Sit down and shut up.

     Ron's POV on the TV.


                 New studies have proven that AZT is
                 effective in stopping the progression of
                 AIDS in asymptomatic cases. Dr. Anthony
                 Fauci, head of the National Institute of
                 Health, announced that a trial had
                 clearly shown that early AZT intervention
                 will keep AIDS at bay. AZT is the only
                 drug that has been shown in
                 scientifically controlled trials to be
                 safe and effective, Fauci contended.

               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 66







      Phone to her ear, Eve sits watching the same broadcast.


                  Scientifically controlled, my ass! They
                  took eight months to approve it. And
                  from what we know now, AZT is everything
                  but safe!




      Eve stands talking to Nurse Frazin.


                  I want all my HIV patients on the
                  asymptomatic study to have their AZT
                  doses lowered to the minimum, 600
                  milligrams.




      With the line snaking out the door, Ron sits behind the desk
      dealing with a BUYER.


                  That's four pills, three times a day with
                  food. The vitamins too.

      As Ron starts putting the meds in a paper bag, we hear a
      commotion coming from the other room.


                  I'm not letting you in, you have a search
                  warrant?



      Rayon, still in his robe, stands blocking the doorway to
      Richard Barkley who signals to Tucker to take over. Tucker
      gestures to Rayon to move out of the way. He walks in with a
      FELLOW POLICE OFFICER and two DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION
       agents.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 67



            The hell's all this?


            Sorry, Ron.
                
            Gentlemen, I'm gonna need you all to
            leave the premises in an orderly
            fashion, please!

Some GRUMBLING as the Buyers file out.   Barkley enters.


            Mr. Woodroof, I have a court order
            permitting us to confiscate any and all
            non-FDA approved drugs or supplements.


            In other words, my entire inventory.

Ron looks over at one of the FDA Agents, who has begun opening
boxes. As the Agent removes an unmarked bottle:


            Aloe vera! It's a plant. What do you
            give a shit if people eat plants?


            It's improperly labeled. That's a
            violation of FDA regulations.


            It's a bullshit technicality and you
            know it!
                
            Get my lawyer on the phone.

Rayon crosses off to make the call.


            Our primary concern is preventing a
            market for illegal drugs.


            Illegal? Unapproved! These are vitamins
            and minerals, for Chrissake!


            Vitamins and minerals that gave you a
            heart attack, remember?


            I'm not selling that stuff, you
            confiscated it, remember?
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 68


The agents confiscate lots of small blue boxes and put them in
an evidence bag.


                
            What's the matter, you got Alzheimer,
            Richard?
                
            'Cause Peptide T works for Alzheimers
            too, ya know?

Tucker looks over at Ron.


            Come on, it's a protein! Effective with
            dementia which I have. Why don't you
            just look at my research?


            Woodroof, I wouldn't want you to spend
            your last days in jail. If you have a
            product you'd like tested, fill out an
            application and go through the process.


            Don't threaten me! I'm unapproved
            motherfucker! The process? That's just
            FDA bullshit for pay up! 250 million
            worth!

The Agents exit carrying boxes and bags; Barkley gives Ron a
big smile.


            You'll be receiving your fine for non
            compliance and improper labelling soon.

Barkley leaves followed by Tucker who looks sorry for Ron.
Rayon comes back to the room. He takes a last peek through
the window, and pulls boxes of Peptide T from underneath his
robe, with the smile of a kid on his face, handing Ron the
phone.


            Your lawyer.


            These fuckers are comin' at me from all
            angles! I wanna file a restraining
            order!


            What?   Against who?
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 69



                  The Government and their fuckin' FDA!

      He slams down the phone.


                  We gotta relocate!




      Eve is at her desk when suddenly Dr. Sevard barges in.


                  Who gave you permission to lower your
                  patients' AZT doses?


                  I don't need permission.    I'm their
                  doctor.


                  I want those doses readjusted
                  immediately. The study protocol does not
                  allow dose reductions.


                  I'm not doing a study for people who are
                  asymptomatic with a toxic drug that makes
                  them sick. We don't treat people who
                  have antibodies for pneumonia or chicken
                  pox when they're healthy. Why should HIV
                  be any different?


                  It's a different kind of virus.


                  Says who?     Barrow Wilkem?!

      Dr. Sevard stares at Eve, who stands her ground.


                  Besides, I consulted with each of them
                  individually, it was their decision.

      Sevard leaves, fuming.


                  --and effective immediately...
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 70




      CLOSE ON TV: we see Ron and Rayon's reflection as they're
      watching FDA commissioner Frank Young standing at a podium
      before a dozen microphones, mid-press conference, bombarded by
      camera flashes.


                  ...Americans with life-threatening
                  illnesses will be permitted to import
                  small quantities of unapproved drugs for
                  their personal use. Under this
                  arrangement, the drugs may only be
                  purchased by individuals who have been
                  prescribed the medication by a physician.

      Ron turns the TV off, shakes his head as he walks away.


                  What the fuck does that mean?


                  It means we were unapproved.    Now we're
                  illegal!




      Ron pulls out a brown paper BAG from inside the PAPER TOWEL
      DISPENSER. He removes a stack of CASH, puts it in his coat,
      places a BLUE BOX into the dispenser and closes the top.




      Ron walks out to a table where Rayon is waiting. Rayon has a
      ledger in front of him. His condition is deteriorating.


                  Let's get outta here.

      Rayon gathers his things and gets up to leave. Ron looks up
      and sees TUCKER looking at him as he's drinking a beer across
      the room with a few other cops. Ron signals to a waitress.


                  Send a round of beers over to my friends.

      Ron throws some cash down on the table.


                  Save your money, we're broke.   Our credit
                  cards are maxed.

               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 71


                  A hundred grand between the FDA and the
                  IRS fines. The pharmacy bills due...

      Ron ignores him.   A busty waitress floats by.


                  How bout that size?   Those would look
                  good on me.


                  You ain't gettin' tits, Rayon.
                  Memberships are high and so is demand.
                  So we recruit more members from where?


                  Support groups.


                  Yep! I'm gotta find MDs to write them
                  prescriptions so we can keep dealin'
                  these drugs... legally now.


                  In the meantime we could try the bank?


                  Oh yeah, Bonnie and Clyde comin' in for a
                  loan. Stop starin' at her tits, you're
                  startin' to look normal.




      Tucker, still in his police uniform, finishes clearing the
      table after dinner with his old father, who sits silently in a
      rocking chair.

      Tucker opens the BLUE BOX and removes a Buyers Club bottle of
      Peptide T and a note.


                  Tuck, sorry to hear about your dad's
                  Alzheimer. This will help. Woodroof.




      The house hasn't seen new carpet since the 60's. The
      conservative gay couple we met earlier, Ian and Michael, show
      Ron around.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 72



                  This place is crap, I'll give you one
                  fifty a month and fifty percent off your
                  meds.


                  Mr. Woodroof --


                  Don't try to con me --


                  We don't want money.


                  What do you want?


                  The house is free.   We want to help.

      Ron looks from Ian and Michael and back again.


                  Oh.   Well that's good news.

      Ian sticks his hand out, Ron shakes it.




      The same meeting from the beginning; packed with mostly gay
      MEN. A different group of people are here now, but the
      atmosphere is the same.

      Ron stands at the back of the auditorium with Rayon at his
      side chewing gum like a baseball coach. Ron flips the lights
      off and on...


                  Hello... Howdy...

      The CROWD calms down, turns to look at Ron.


                  I got what you got and I have traveled
                  the world looking for alternative
                  medications, stuff not available yet in
                  America, thanks to the good folks down at
                  the FDA.

      A murmur travels through the audience as people listen.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 73



                  Some of you may have heard of the Dallas
                  Buyers Club, an organization I founded
                  with my friend Rayon. Risk might be
                  high, but what the hell, you're risking
                  your life every time you go into one of
                  them there hospitals.
                      
                  I don't know where most of the people are
                  who were at these meetings a year and a
                  half ago... maybe they lost interest...
                  maybe they're dead... but I'm here. I'm
                  walking, talking, breathing... and ain't
                  no one gonna take that away from me. I
                  gotta life to lead.

      A murmur travels through the audience as people listen.


                  The point of our club was to get
                  alternative treatments and medications
                  into the hands of those who need 'em.
                      
                  The cost of joining this club used to be
                  $400 a month. Well I'm here tonight with
                  a special offer. Anyone who's interested
                  can come and sign up for the one-time
                  only, rock bottom price of zero.
                      
                  That's right, I'm giving it away folks.

      More murmurs through the crowd.


                  HIV don't mean shit. You ain't sick, you
                  ain't sick. Period. You tell a guy he's
                  got a week to live? Shit, he's already
                  dead. You tell a guy he can keep on
                  goin'? He'll find a way. Remember, ya
                  ain't dyin'. But if you think you are
                  then you ain't got nothing to lose.


      Ron does a double take at Rayon who is staring at him with
      tears in his eyes. Someone hesitantly applauds. A MAN gets
      up and walks to Ron, slowly OTHERS do too.




      A financial institution. A MAN, 50s, walks over to the
      waiting area and coldly signals a younger man to follow him.
      This is Rayon, hair slicked back, devoid of makeup and
      jewelry, wearing Ron's business suit. He gets up.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 73A




      Rayon looks at the various family PHOTOS which decorate the
      bookshelves of the man's office who sits behind his desk.


                  Guess I didn't make the cut.


                  You made that choice yourself.


                  It wasn't a choice, Dad.

      Rayon's father looks at him with disdain.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 74



                  What do you want, Raymond?


                  I'm fine, thanks.    And you?   Long time no
                  see.


                  I suppose I should thank you for wearing
                  men's clothes and not embarrassing me.


                      
                  Are you ashamed of me?   Because I never
                  realized that.


                      
                  God help me.


                  He is helpin' you.   I got AIDS.

      A long beat during which Rayon's father finally shows some
      sympathy. Rayon looks like his father's son for a moment.


                  I'm sorry, dad. I found someone who's
                  been helping me and now I'd like to help
                  him.




      Rayon finishes taking Ron's suit off and looks at his
      reflection, takes in the lesions on his naked body, grabs a
      compact and a tube of lipstick, and starts putting making up
      on his face, holding back tears.


                  God, when I meet you, I'm gonna look
                  pretty if it's the last thing I do. I'll
                  be a super model angel.




      Ron is on the PHONE, his personal address book in his hand.
      There is MOVING BOXES scattered throughout the room.


                  What?   No, please, wait a minute, doc...
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 75


      The phone CLICKS. Ron slams the phone down several times.
      Suddenly Rayon enters as he finishes buttoning up his dress.


                     All the MDs are fuckin' backpeddlin' on
                     their heels. The FDA is scaring them
                     with license revocation if they write
                     scripts.

      Rayon throws a cash filled envelope on Ron's desk.


                     Maybe this will help.

      Ron looks at the cash in disbelief: two wrapped wads of
      hundred dollar bills, worth maybe $10,000.


                     Where'd you get that?

      Rayon exits the room proudly.


                     Did you sell your ass?


                     Just a simple fuckin' thank you would do.

      Ron looks at the cash, shakes his head...




      As Rayon walks into his room, Ron appears.


                     Really, come on, where did you get it?

      A long beat.    Rayon hesitates.


                     I sold my life insurance policy.

      Ron offers Rayon a hand shake. Rayon opens his arms.       They
      hug. Ron whispers a heartfelt, "thank you."




      Seated at her desk, Eve looks up when she hears a KNOCK on the
      door. Ron, wearing a huge SOMBRERO HAT, enters.


                     What are you doing?
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 76



            Goin' to Mexico, chica, you comin'?

Ron takes his hat off and puts it on her head, covering her
eyes. From Eve's point of view, it's pitch black until she
adjusts the hat, amused.


            Do I look like someone who takes
            vacations?


            Come on, tequila, sunshine, tacos, never
            hurt anybody.

Eve enjoys the attention.   Shakes her head.


            I knew you'd rain on my party, but I had
            to give it a shot.
                
            Listen, I gotta ask you a favor. I need
            you to write me prescriptions so I can
            come across the border. I might not need
            it but if I do, I'll have them.

Eve doesn't respond.


            You know this rule that the FDA just
            passed was just bullshit. Ain't no doc
            from here to the north pole will write
            them.


            I know and I can't either. I'm sorry.
            We can't write scripts for random people
            and random drugs. Plus what if something
            goes wrong with these drugs? We could
            get sued, lose our license.


            Okay!   Never hurts to ask.

Eve takes the hat off and hands it to Ron.


            Keep it, nurse Ratched!

Ron exits the room leaving Eve with the sombrero.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 77




      Music plays. Rayon, extremely sick, holds a bottle of
      POPPERS, watches Sunny dance around the room amongst the
      stacked moving boxes. Rayon starts coughing into a scarf,
      pulls it away, it's covered with BLOOD. Sunny stops dancing.


                  You need to go to the hospital.

      Rayon can't respond.


                  That's it.      I'm driving you, right now.

      Sunny walks over and picks up Rayon, throws him over his
      shoulder.


                  Okay, okay. I'll go. Put me down.       Let
                  me get some things first.

      Rayon picks up his bag.




      Ron enters the clinic with a suitcase.




      CLOSE ON a BUTTERFLY, emerald green wings with a blood red
      middle. Its wings flap with life as a hand holds it and a
      needle is inserted into its middle, extracting its fluids.

      Dr. Vass conducts the experiment with Ron looking on.     In the
      background, another makeshift lab.


                  Secretions that the caterpillar uses to
                  protect itself during the incubation
                  period...

      Dr. Vass empties the contents of the syringe into a test-tube.


                  ...act as a non-toxic anti-viral for
                  humans. The answer to a question.

      Dr. Vass sets the test-tube on a tray, crosses to a table
      lined with boxes, postmarks in different languages covering
      their surfaces. He rummages on the table, finds a report.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 78



                      
                  The Lancet medical journal published a
                  study conducted in France. Proves AZT
                  alone is too toxic for most to tolerate,
                  and had no lasting effect on HIV blood
                  levels. Of course, Barrow Wilkem and the
                  NIH did not include the study in their
                  press release.

      Ron takes the study, looks it over.


                  Doesn't surprise me at all.

      Vass hands Ron some more paperwork.


                  These are early trial results for
                  Fluconazole.


                  The anti-fungal, right?   I read about
                  this.


                  You want to take some home?


                  As much I can carry.


                  We need a thousand more like you.


                  Hell Vass, I'm just tryin' to run a
                  business.




      Eve walks in, breathless. Eyes sunken, breathing shallow,
      Rayon is hooked up to an I.V. as Nurse Frazin adjusts an
      oxygen mask on his face.


                  I took him off of it as you instructed.
                  He's just on morphine now.


                  Good. I'll be in my office.   Thanks for
                  calling.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 79


      She sees Sunny outside of the room, watching.   She gives him a
      hopeful smile and walks off.




      Ron leaves the lab and notices an ominous green glow coming
      from a nearby room. He approaches it slowly, drawn to it.




      As he enters, he notices hundreds of emerald green BUTTERFLIES
      flying in the air and hanging on the wall. Their vibrant
      colors give off a luminous glow. A butterfly lands on his
      hand. He slowly raises his hand to his face for a better
      view. As time goes on, more and more butterflies land on
      Ron's hand and body. Ron takes it all in. Illuminated from
      the butterflies, he looks like a "Lite-Brite".




      Eve wakes up, seated at her desk.




      Rayon lies alone in bed, delirious from morphine, mumbling
      beneath his oxygen mask. After a few beats, he takes it off,
      leans over to the side table, takes a compact and a tube of
      lipstick from his purse, and starts to apply it, his hands
      trembling as he does. His mission accomplished, he sets the
      lipstick aside, then leans his head back. And as he closes
      his eyes and drifts away...




      Ron sits in his seat happily scribbling prescriptions for the
      drugs he is bringing in.

      On the pad we see the name - Dr. Eve Saks, the same pad...

      FLASHBACK: ...that Ron took in Eve's office when she had the
      sombrero on her face.




      Boxes filled with hundreds of small bottles of Fluconazole lay
      on the floor.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 80


      Ron sits in a chair looking on as an FDA AGENT flips through
      his prescriptions, while another AGENT compares the names to
      those on the bottles.


                      
                  Walker, Dorsett, Blount, Newsome,
                  Jeffcoat... these are patients?


                  Yes sir.


                  They're also the names of players on the
                  Dallas Cowboys.


                  No shit? Well how's that for a
                  coincidence?


                  Isn't this a little ridiculous?


                  You said it.


                  Can you prove these are patients?


                  Can you prove they're not?

      The Agent looks at him, then resignedly continues to flip
      through the prescriptions.




      Ron walks in. Denise stops unloading moving boxes and hands
      him a stack of messages.


                  Those are the emergencies.

      Ron flips through them, stops, looks around the room, and
      notices Rayon's favorite Marc Bolan's posters on the walls of
      his new headquarters.


                  Where's Rayon?


                  At the hospital.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 81


      What?




      Ron rushes into Rayon's room. The bed is empty. The sheets
      are on the floor. Seen from behind, Sunny places Rayon's
      belongings in Rayon's bag. He turns. His eyes are bloodshot.
      He looks at Ron and is about to start crying again.




      Nurse Frazin is startled by off stage loud breaking noise.
      Ron walks out of Rayon's room.


                  Sevaaaaard!

      As Ron walks past her, Nurse Frazin grabs the phone.


                  I need security up here, right away.

      Ron pushes open different doors looking for Dr. Sevard.




      Ron storms into a room where several PATIENTS wait for
      appointments. Some are completely healthy, others are showing
      signs of sickness.


                  Sevard!

      Ron spots Sevard.


                  There you are, you son of a bitch.


                  You killed him.


                  What are you talking about?


                  You call yourself a doctor?   You are a
                  murderer.

      The patients in the hallway turn their heads towards the
      commotion. Eve walks out of a room and watches.
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 82



                 Leave or you will be arrested.


                 Arrest me?
                     
                 Did you hear that?

     Two SECURITY GUARDS enter.


                 First class everything, big house,
                 Mercedes Benz. That's what they pay him
                 to say it's OK to pump poison into y'all.

     The GUARDS move to grab Ron.


                 Get away from me.   I got AIDS.   I'll spit
                 on you.

     Ron spits on the floor. The guards back off.    Dr. Sevard
     watches slack-jawed as Ron continues to spit.   The guards grab
     him...

     ... as Eve watches Sevard, emotionally charged.


                 You see this? This is harassment. Get
                 me my attorney or do I have to be my own
                 lawyer too. Own doctor, own lawyer.




     Ron slams the car door shut, walks towards the house watching
     the line of men snaking out the door. He takes them in. Most
     of them look very sick. His eyes stop on Freddy who's
     watching him. Freddy smiles as he waves cash at Ron who
     feigns a smile and walks in.




     Ron enters as Denise finishes handing out information to three
     very sick MEN. Denise makes her way over to Ron.


                     
                 From Austin. All on AZT. Their
                 insurance is paying for the treatment and
                 they don't know if they can afford to
                 switch.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 83



                  Hook `em up.


                  We're pretty cash poor.

      Ron walks towards his office, stops, turns around and throws
      his car keys to Denise.


                  Sell my car and make sure everyone gets
                  what they need.




      Ron pours himself some tequila and gulps it down. Pours
      himself another glass. A hooker is dancing in front of him.
      No music. She starts to touch him.


                  Just dance.

      She goes down on him.   He stops her, and leaves, throwing some
      money on the floor.




      Ron wakes up to A KNOCK on the door.   Eve walks in.   A long
      beat. Ron doesn't even look at her.


                  Anemia, Cancer, Bone Marrow depletion,
                  Fever, Diarrhea, Vomiting, Neuropathy,
                  Anxiety, Dizziness, Impotence, Hearing
                  loss, Nervousness, Seizures... Sound like
                  AIDS to you? That there comes inside a
                  box of AZT, a list of side effects.


                  Rayon was a drug addict! It wasn't a day
                  on AZT that killed him, but the disease
                  as a whole!

      Ron registers.   Calms down a bit.


                  Ron, you stole my prescription pad! So
                  don't accuse me of acting irresponsibly!
                  Rayon came to the hospital on his own...
        Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 83A



                
            ... and got carried out in a trash bag
            three days later!


                
            He was my friend too, you know!

They both get quiet.   A beat during which Eve is holding back
tears.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 84



                  Let me ask you something. Let's say I
                  have the cure right here in my back
                  pocket. I could save everyone today.

      Eve's expression changes.


                  But I don't have no funding and I don't
                  have no backing. Now how long is it
                  gonna take before the FDA approves it?

      Ron crosses to the desk, produces a copy of the Lancet Medical
      Journal Study he got from Dr. Vass, and hands it to her.


                  Read that and you tell me how wrong is
                  too wrong?




      Eve walks into her house, opens a drawer, removes a hammer,
      smashes it down on a nail and misses. She smashes the hammer
      down again, harder, and again, and again. Her POV: lots of
      holes in the wall, very far from the nail, and soon hidden by
      Ron's painting of the Texas Wildflowers. She walks away
      without straightening it, sits down and starts reading the
      "Lancet Study".


                  I got three thousand people who need to
                  get their hands on Peptide T. Now.
                  Including me.




      Ron paces the floor as David Wayne walks in with a big
      cardboard box.


                  They shut her lab down. The FDA has shut
                  all of our suppliers down, what can I
                  tell you?


                  If I don't get it by the end of the week
                  I wanna file a lawsuit.


                  Come on, Ron, we lost the restraining
                  order, remember? We're in Texas. The
                  court system is the last resort for you.
                Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 85



                   Well find a place where it's not,
                   Goddamnit. Go to San Francisco, get a
                   sissy judge, figure it out!

      Ron spots a FLYER on the cardboard box and grabs it.     It
      reads: "DALLAS BUYERS CLUB NEWSLETTER".


                   Perfect.




      Eve watches as young apparently healthy CHILDREN wait with
      their PARENTS to complete forms. She goes up to Dr. Sevard.


                   What's going on?


                   Barrow Wilkem gave us the green light on
                   the AZT pediatric trials.


                   What? This is crazy!   All these kids are
                   HIV positive?

      Sevard looks uneasy.


                   We're starting very slowly with a fifth
                   of a dose.


                   Would you give this fifth of a dose to
                   your own child?

      Touch.   Sevard holds her gaze for a moment and leaves.




      YOUNG CHILDREN are waiting with their parents. Among them, a
      girl with her mother, Francine Suskind, the woman from
      Beaumont Lab whom Ron met earlier.

      Eve walks in and discreetly places Dallas Buyers Club flyers
      on a table, then walks off.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 86




      The room is packed. On the dais stands Richard Barkley from
      the FDA. To his left and right, are representatives from the
      Center for Disease Control, the National Institute of Health
      and ACT-UP. They HEAR something SQUEAKING and look up:

      At the back of the room, Ron enters, hooked up to an I.V. drip
      on wheels that he carries along as he starts passing out
      copies of his flyer.


                  Here you go, please read this.


                  Mr. Woodroof, will you kindly tell us
                  what you are doing?

      Everyone turns to look at Ron.


                  I'm givin' people information... on this
                  trial I'm in, right now. I want everyone
                  here to know what's going on.


                  And what is going on?


                  Why was Peptide T cut off? A non-toxic
                  drug, that I have proof works and that
                  according to the National Institute of
                  Mental Health, is completely safe.


                  Mr. Woodroof, you are nothing but a
                  common drug dealer--


                  I'm a drug dealer? You're the drug
                  dealer. The pharmaceutical companies are
                  the drug dealers.

      Ron grabs a bag of jelly beans out of the hands of a person in
      the audience. Holds them up.


                  The yellow number fives, red, green and
                  purple dye you put in this here candy
                  causes seven kinds a cancer.

      A SECURITY MAN approaches, Ron walks away from him.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 87



                  The aspartame in my diet coke, the
                  steroids in my meat, the hormones in my
                  milk, the antibiotics in the chicken.
                  Now that's the shit the FDA knows will
                  kill you. Yet you're all up there
                  worried that some sick people will find
                  somethin' without you and y'all won't get
                  paid.

      Ron throws the bag of jelly beans to the security man who
      catches it. And he leaves the room, squeaking away.




      Ron is driving, singing out loud, a cappella.


                  Oh I'm bad, I'm nationwide!




      Sevard puts Ron's flyer down on the table in front of Eve who
      stands in front of the medical board.


                  We think it is in everyone's best
                  interest that you resign.

      Eve looks at Dr. Sevard who meets her gaze with calculated
      coldness.


                  I won't.    You'll have to fire me.

      She starts to leave, stops, turns around.


                  Y'all go fuck yourselves!




      Ron appears from the kitchen with a beer.


                  One left.


                  We're splitting that.

      Ron cracks the beer and hands her the can.
         Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 88



            That was a ballsy move!

Eve looks away.   Ron opens his arms...


            A nice, warm hug...
                
            ...and a day of watchin' some bull
            ridin', that's what you need, doctor
            Woodroof's order.

She smiles and they both let go, uneasy with the closeness.


            Don't you miss a regular life?


            Regular?     What's that?   Doesn't exist.


            Yeah, I guess.
                
            I just want...

Ron looks at her.


            What?

He takes the can back.


            ... an ice-cold beer at Ruby's. Go
            dancin' with my woman. I want kids...
            thumb wrestle with my sons. I don't
            know. I got one life -- mine. But I
            want someone else's. I feel I'm fighting
            for a life I ain't got the time to live.

Ron downs some beer.


            I want it all to mean somethin'.

Eve looks at Ron, studies him.


            It does.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 89




      Eve looks at the painting of the Texas Wildflowers. For some
      reason, she becomes emotional and decides to straighten it.




      CLOSE ON Ron's box of meds, almost empty. By the look on his
      face, Ron clearly just woke up. But there is something else.
      He takes an empty bottle of Peptide T and looks at it,
      confused. Hears the strange ringing again...




      And that is all we hear as we see Ron driving along the street
      into the middle of an intersection. Ron stops the car, puts
      his hands over his ears, and walks out.




      Ron tries to direct traffic, bear foot. People blare their
      car horns. Others scream out their windows. A POLICEMAN
      arrives on the scene and approaches Ron.

      Tucker pulls up and sees Ron, he jumps out of his car.


                  I'll take care of this.

      Tucker steps in.   He grabs Ron's arm, makes eye contact.


                  Ron! You are in the middle of the
                  street. Do you understand what I'm
                  sayin'?

      No answer from Ron.


                  Come on, man, let's go home.

      Tucker puts a hand on Ron's shoulder and walks him towards his
      squad car.




      A BLUE BOX rests on the table, next to Ron who stares at it,
      as he's being given an injection of Peptide T by Tucker.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 90




      Tucker's father sits in a chair facing Ron.


                  Of course I remember you, trouble maker.


                  I still am!

      They share a smile.


                  I'm glad you're doin' better, sir.


                  I'm gonna talk with Ron a minute, pop.

      Tucker steps off to the side with Ron.


                  Listen, the FDA is gonna bust you
                  tomorrow.

      Ron's wheels are turning.


                  Thanks for the tip, Tuck.

      And as Ron exits the house...


                  I'll be there, man, and don't you fuckin'
                  hit me again!




      A line of customers is out the door as three Dallas Police
      Cars pull up. As Tucker gets out of the lead car, he is
      greeted by Richard Barkley and two FDA Agents. They head
      inside. That's Ron's POV...




      ...as he's watching from a window.

      Eve tends to several buyers club members, I.V.s attached to
      them, lying on the floor.

      A NEWS TEAM films the entire thing.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 91



                      
                  This is Fluconazole. It helps them with
                  Thrush.

      Suddenly, the front door OPENS.   Police are in the room, guns
      drawn.


                  No one move. Put your hands in the air.

      The news camera keeps rolling.


                  Ronald Woodroof?

      Ron steps up through the crowd.


                  I have a warrant for your arrest, a
                  search warrant for the premises, and a
                  court order to cease and desist business
                  immediately.

      And with that, Ron allows Tucker to handcuff him. And as he
      does, the Customers "Boo" and "Hiss" loudly, all caught on by
      the News Crew.


                  Turn off that camera. Now!

      But the Camera Man doesn't stop filming.


                      
                  Please instruct the rest of these people
                  to leave, now.


                  I ain't no cop.    Why'nt you tell 'em?

      Tucker escorts Ron outside.




      The News Crew continues to film as Ron is led out past the
      waiting Customers, talking to the reporter.


                  It's the bust of the century! Don't they
                  look like hardened criminals?!
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 92


      An ambulance pulls up. MEN wearing MASKS and GLOVES begin to
      escort people off. Barkley and his Agents watch the circus
      from the sidewalk. Ron is put in the Squad Car by Tucker.




      David Wayne enters and throws a NEWSPAPER on the table in
      front of Ron.


                    Deadly drugs? What the fuck?


                    They wrote the FDA's story.


                    I can't believe it.   I tipped those
                    assholes off.


                    Don't worry. I got good news. I got you
                    a change of venue for the Peptide T trial
                    in San Francisco. And no surprise,
                    they're not pressing charges.


                    Then what the fuck am I doin' here?


                    They're trying to break you, I don't
                    know. Let's get out of here.

      They leave.


                        
                    They'll never break me.




      We see Ron's reflection in the window of a cab that moves out
      of the way as Ron starts walking towards the Courthouse,
      helped by David Wayne who holds his arm.

      A SUPER fades in.

          U.S. District Court Northern District of California
              Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 92A




      Ron, dressed in a conservative suit, is looking extremely ill.
      Next to him is David Wayne and two other younger ATTORNEYS.

      On the opposing side are FDA representatives including Richard
      Barkley and others who we haven't ever seen before. They have
      a team of four attorneys.


                  The constitution, specifically the ninth
                  amendment, does not state that you have
                  the right to be mentally healthy or
                  physically healthy. It does state that
                  you have a right to chose your own
                  medical care but that is interpreted as
                  medical care that is approved by the Food
                  and Drug Administration.

      The Judge looks over to the FDA table.


                  Regarding the FDA, the court is highly
                  disturbed by its bullying tactics and
                  direct interference with a drug whose own
                  agency has found to be non-toxic. The
                  FDA was formed to protect people, not
                  prevent them from getting help.

      The Judge sighs.


                  The law does not seem to make much common
                  sense. If a person has been found to be
                  terminally ill they ought to be able to
                  take just about any drug they feel will
                  help... but that is not the law. Mr.
                  Woodroof, there is not a person in this
                  courtroom who is not moved to compassion
                  by your plight, what is lacking here is
                  the legal authority to intervene. I'm
                  sorry. This case is hereby dismissed.

      The Judge bangs the gavel.

      David Wayne raises in frustration.   Ron closes his eyes,
      defeated.
               Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 93




      Ron, still looking sick, opens the door and is startled by a
      crowd of people clapping and cheering.


                  Jesus Mother Mary Fucking Christ!

      Among the crowd, Ron spots Eve and David Wayne with a smile of
      victory on their faces. Ron doesn't understand. They walk to
      him and show him a paper with the FDA logo on it.

      Black.

      Super:

       Following the trial, the FDA in Washington allowed Ron to get
                    Peptide T for his own personal use.

      And as the cheering and clapping grow bigger, we cut to:




      Ron, 20 pounds heavier, looking healthier, is sitting atop the
      railing above the stall looking down at the bull. He's got on
      gloves, hat, pants, and boots, ready to ride. He removes a
      flask from his pocket and takes a long swig. The BULLHAND and
      Ron exchange a look. Ron nods, takes a deep breath, swings
      his legs over the railing, straddles the stall, stays above
      the animal. The moment Ron's ass hits the leather, the gate
      is up, the bull is out, and the crowd whoops it up.

      Rodeo contestant number "43" Ron Woodroof rides the bull, his
      hands, legs and heels all working together. His "off" hand is
      held out above him, cutting the air for balance.

      The bull makes an abrupt change of direction, catches Ron off
      guard and just when it seems that he's about to be thrown in
      the air, we hear Eve screaming her guts out as the image
      freezes on a PERFECT FRAME on this cowboy in action to control
      the beast.

      The crowd's CHEERS are echoing in the distance, blended with
      the soft strange ring that we know, that only Ron could hear.

      And as we zoom in on the image:



      Ronald Woodroof died on September 12, 1992, seven years after he
      was diagnosed with the HIV virus. He managed to stay alive
      using unapproved drugs and was memorialized by 1000 gay men in
      Dallas, Texas.
     Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 93A-95






Fluconazole and Alpha Interferon are now FDA approved.

DDC was approved in 1992 but is no longer used due to its
highly toxic effects.

Peptide T remains unapproved but still in studies for
neurological diseases, like Alzheimer.

Today, it is had been   scientifically proven that HIV is the
cause of AIDS. Based    on this knowledge, great strides have
been made in treating   this infection with anti-HIV medications
but a cure has yet to   be discovered.

The first studies with AZT as a single drug 
while showing initial good results did not ultimately prove to
be a long term solution for HIV treatment.

By 1996, medical researchers learned that HIV is best treated
with a combination cocktail of at least three HIV medications.
AZT was frequently used as a part of these early combination
therapies. Today, AZT has been largely replaced by safer, new
HIV medications.                                                     *
