






                                     Written by

                           Clayton Frohman &amp; Edward Zwick








          A TAXI pulls over to a curb where an ELDERLY MAN waits with
          his MIDDLE-AGED SON in THE RAIN.


          
          23rd and Lex.
          The CABBIE grunts a reply.


          How ya doin', Papa, you doin'
          alright?


          Fine, fine...


          This is just a check-up, okay?
          Doctor Katz says you'll outlive us
          all.
          
          Traffic isn't bad. We should be
          back in time to watch the Mets.
          He notices his father is STARING, wide-eyed, at the cabby's
          HACK LICENSE. We glimpse only the last name..."Bielski."


          Papa? .Papa, what is it?
          IN THE REAR VIEW MIRROR, the old man catches the furtive
          eyes of the cabby.


          ...You. Can it be?
          The eyes in the mirror look away. And then back.


          Bielski. Can it possibly be?
          As we PUSH IN on the eyes in the mirror, we HEAR THE






          Bombs EXPLODE all around as he passes dead bodies and BURNT-
          OUT VEHICLES. Without slowing he discards a WW II Red Army
          helmet, a field jacket, a heavy pack, anything that might
          impede his flight. He glances back up over his shoulder.
          The sky is filled with BOMBERS. He runs on.








           SALMON Revision - 8-18-07 2.




          A typical Eastern European shtetl. LOCAL POLICE help German
          Einsatzgruppen, mobile killing squads, round up Jews.
          PEASANTS beat them with sticks as they are herded into lines.
          One man tries to run and is beaten.
          Others look on, or look away with indifference as they are
          loaded onto waiting trucks.


          We study their faces: a turbulent portrait of impotent rage,
          terrible fear, overwhelming grief, and secret relief.


          Where are they taking them?


          --Shveig! Shveig!






          Just shut up! Please...


          The man we last saw in flight  wearing the
          remnants of his uniform, slips down a cobble-stoned street.
          He ducks into a doorway as A PATROL passes by.


          Zus and Asael move warily through a barnyard. A tethered
          dog BARKS furiously. A farmer challenges them.


          


          Walencki brandishes a pitchfork.


          
          Some food...?


          They are looking for you people.
          The two brothers glance nervously around.


          Get away from here! GO!
          ZUS, the older of the two brothers, takes a menacing step
          toward the farmer but his younger brother holds him back.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 3.




          Zus. Let's go.
          As they retreat toward the woods, Zus warns the farmer.


          We'll be back.


          Tuvia is getting dressed as AN ATTRACTIVE WOMAN -- his wife,
          RIFKA -- stands by the window, smoking a cigarette.


          And no news of my brothers?


          They are used to trouble, they'll
          be all right.


          If you stay, you'll have to go to
          the ghetto.


          I can get false papers and pass as
          a gentile. So can you.
          Tuvia shakes his head, no. He finishes dressing. Theirs
          is a relationship long past passion.


          Will you at least stay tonight?


          I need to see to my family. Will
          you come?


          To the country? No.




          A PAIR OF LEGS lie motionless behind a trough. Beyond, A
          MAN'S TORSO. Zus and Asael stare in mute horror.


          Papa-- Gottenyu...
          Flies buzz about dead LIVESTOCK. A WOMAN'S BODY lies nearby.


          A still portrait of a life interrupted.










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 4.


          A table set for dinner. Candles lit. An open book. A
          NOISE from a cupboard. Zus grabs a hatchet.
          From the root cellar, a YOUNG BOY, 14, appears. His face
          is dirty and tear-streaked. They go to embrace him.


          Aron.
          The boy  recoils. He is disoriented and WILL NOT





          Loaded down with possessions, Asael hurries back to the
          woods. Zus pauses long enough to pry the mezuzah from the
          door.




          Aron stares mutely straight ahead. Asael is shaking
          uncontrollably and crying. Zus is at a loss what to do.


          Stop it...
          But Asael is lost in a confusion of grief and panic.


          Stop it. STOP IT!
          Finally Zus grabs him in a gesture halfway between violence
          and comfort...and holds him as Asael rocks back and forth.




          A million acres of dense, impenetrable woods and swamps.


          The sound of a FOOTSTEP. They sit up in terror.


          If I was a German you are dead.


          Tuvia!
          Asael leaps up to embrace him as if he were salvation itself.


          Papa and Mama. They killed them.










           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 5.


          Asael clings to him. Even Aron allows himself to be held.
          Tuvia hold them silently. Zus appears, hatchet in hand.


          Big brother returns.
          Tuvia and Zus look at each other warily.


          You saw them?
          Yes. Tuvia saw them. Zus takes the mezuzah from his pocket,
          tosses it to Tuvia.


          Welcome home.


          is torn apart by filthy hands as they move through the trees.


          Are you going back to the army?


          There is no more army.
          Asael worships his big brother.


          Hope at least you killed a few.
          Tuvia just stares at him.


          What is it like? To be in a war?


          It wasn't war. It was something
          else.
          Zus eyes him carefully.


          Where is Sonia and the baby?


          Horodysze. Hiding in a cellar.
          I'll bring her when it is safe.
          Where is Rifka?


          In Novgrudok. She wouldn't leave.


          You are still separated?


          She is still my wife.










           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 6.




          Your rich wife.
          Zus chews with the open-mouthed relish of a peasant.


          So why exactly have you come back?
          Tuvia just stares at him. The reason is obvious as he holds
          his younger brothers.


          You have a plan?


          No. Do you?




          Shivering and miserable, they are trying to start a fire.
          Asael's few remaining matches are sodden.


          Is there anything left to eat?
          Only a few potatoes in Asael's bag. WORMS writhe among
          them.


          Zus finished the last of the sausage.
          Tuvia glares at Zus, who glares back. Sibling rivals.


          Stankowicz' farm is closest.


          He has dogs.


          Fuck the dogs. Wilencki then.


          You think Wilencki is going to give
          us food?


          No. We take it.


          How?


          We...Take...It.










           SALMON Revision - 8-18-07 7.




          And he tells the police.


          I have run from the police my whole
          life. Do you really think it's a
          good time to stop?
          A moment of decision. Who holds the balance of power?


          We know these woods. They'll never
          find us in here.
           Tuvia looks at his brothers. He has been outvoted.




          where Zus and Asael first tried to get food. Asael waits
          outside, anxiously on guard.


          The farmer  who threatened them with the pitchfork
          sits eating a simple dinner.
          Zus and Tuvia burst in. Zus brandishes a hoe.


          
          We want food. Be quick about it!


          
          You again!






          Sure, sure. Take what you want...
          Tuvia begins to stuff provisions into a sack.


          Where is your gun, farmer?


          I have no gun.
          Zus grabs a dinner plate and SMASHES IT IN THE FARMER'S






          Holding his bloody face, the farmer cowers in fear.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 8.




           Please...
           Zus kicks him.


           I beg you...






          He's lying.
          He kicks him again. The farmer begins to weep.


          You're lying!
          Zus dumps the remains of the farmer's dinner onto him.


          If I hit you once more, you will
          shit your pants. Twice and you
          will never shit again.
          The farmer knows Zus won't hesitate.


          Up there...
          Zus kicks the man aside. Above the stove is an old rifle.
          Zus grabs it, points it at the farmer.


          We were never here.




          running through the woods. Zus raises the rifle in triumph.


          He was willing to help us.


          He's lucky I didn't crush his head.












           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 9.




          Fucking Polack. I've eaten shit
          from these people long enough!


          This is your plan? To terrorize
          every anti-Semite in Belorussia?


           No. Some I will kill.




          Aron has been left alone. He holds a STICK which he "shoots"
          like a gun -- kachew -- as he creeps from tree to tree.
          Aron freezes. SOMETHING is moving in the trees. He
          crouches. A dark blur. An animal? It moves off. He follows.
          The shape appears again. It's a SMALL GIRL, roughly Aron's
          age. Aron waves at her. The girl stares, then runs off.
          Aron hurries after her into a wooded grove, then stops short.


          Overflows a newly-dug trench. The small girl runs to A
          MIDDLE-AGED MAN with a crude Star-of-David sewn to his
          tattered coat. He holds an OLDER GIRL, 14, in his arms.
          Nearby, three or four OTHERS emerge from hiding. Starved,
          in tatters, the living waiting to die.




          where the three brothers gorge themselves on stolen food.
          Someone FARTS loudly.


          Ah...


          You know what Papa would do when
          you did that at table...
          Tuvia smacks Zus on the head, taking on a gruff voice.


          Peasant.










           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 10.


          Tuvia imitates his father's criticism of Zus. Asael laughs.
          Zus can't help but laugh as well. Even in grief there is
          laughter. A glimpse of ties that bind them.


          I can't believe Papa's dead.


          Bernicki.


          The police captain?


          We don't know he did it.


          He always had it in for Papa.


          We don't know he did it.


          So we will go and ask him if he
          did.


          Koscik has a pistol. He showed it
          to me once.


          One pistol isn't enough. We need
          rifles. Machine guns.


          Machine guns? You're going to take
          on the whole German army?


          Just because you didn't...
          The SOUND of footsteps. Zus jumps up cocking the rifle.
          ARON emerges from the trees. And then, behind him, THE
          SURVIVORS he discovered among the corpses.
          THE MIDDLE-AGED MAN holds a teenage GIRL by one hand and
          carries his younger daughter.


          The child is hurt.
          The brothers stare at him. Wary and unwelcoming.


          Set her down.
          The man lowers the child to the ground. She isn't moving.


          I am Avram Rubinski. This is my
          daughter. She-- The Germans--










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 11.


          He cannot bring himself to say the words. OTHERS shuffle
          forward, still in shock, barely able to speak their gratitude
          as Tuvia offers chunks of bread and cheese. The man tries
          to feed his daughter. She is barely alive.
          Asael turns to Aron. Gently.


          Where did you find them?
          Aron still won't speak. Asael addresses the other girl.


          Your sister is sick?


          They kept her for a week.
          We fill in the rest.




          Zus has moved out of earshot. Tuvia joins him.


          We cannot feed them.


          I'll go ask Koscik for food.


          And the pistol.


          And the pistol.
          Without another word, he starts off.


           Remember to say please.




           Koscik, a rotund, florid-faced Pole, hands it to Tuvia.


           I have only four bullets.










           BLUE Revision - 6-26-07 12.




          I cannot thank you enough.
          They sit in Koscik's warmly-lit kitchen. Koscik's WIFE
          stands silently by the stove, glaring at Tuvia.


          Your father was a good man.


          He said the same of you.
          Tuvia can't help but notice Koscik's wife giving him the
          evil eye. Koscik produces a bottle of vodka.


          Ignore the bitch.
          
          To the dead. God rest their souls.
          
          Bitch-- Do you want vodka?
          His wife just glares at him.


          I live with this, can you imagine?
          HEADLIGHTS sweep over the window. A CAR is fast approaching.


           Hide yourself. ...The barn.




          He climbs a ladder and is startled to find FIVE MORE MEN
          AND WOMEN in hiding. They stare in mute terror.


          Koscik greets A BELARUSSIAN POLICE CAPTAIN and his SONS as
          they exit the car. They speak in Russian, with subtitles:


          Working late, boys.


          Hunting Jews. Our new bosses are
          very organized.
          Koscik offers the bottle.


          Hunting can work up a thirst.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 13.




          Fifteen in one day. The council is
          offering a year's free tax for every
          one you turn in. -


          A Jew is worth that much? Do you
          pay more for a fat one?
          They laugh appreciatively.


          A man COUGHS then shrugs an apology. Tuvia glares at him.




          Caught five of them hiding in a
          ditch. Smelled so bad I was afraid
          the Germans wouldn't want them.


          Maybe for a reduced price.
          More laughter. More vodka.


          You know the Bielski's?


          Sure.


          We missed two when we visited the
          parents.


          Tuvia listens to this casual talk of his parent's death.




          Anybody caught helping them is in
          for it. You know this, Koscik?


          Do I look like an idiot? Don't
          answer so quickly...
          More laughter. The Police Captain looks at his watch.
          Yawns.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 14.




          Been at it since dawn. The wife
          doesn't like these long nights.
          He tries to hand back the bottle to Koscik.


          Keep it.


          Bribing an officer of the law?
          Maybe you have more of this black
          market vodka hidden in the barn?


          Take a look. And clean out the cow
          shit while you're back there.
          The policeman laughs and climbs back into the car.


          You'll keep your eyes open, yes?


          Good hunting.


          Koscik and Tuvia speak in harsh whispers.


          --If the laborers find them tomorrow,
          I will be denounced--


          What am I supposed to do with--


          Take them into the forest--


          --And feed them how? I can't care
          for my own family.
          Behind them, several of the REFUGEES have emerged from their
          hiding place. They stare at Tuvia balefully.


          The refugees are loaded with provisions. A young man, PINCHAS
          ZUCKERMAN, has a tethered GOAT. Another man carries a violin
          case. Koscik hands Tuvia another bottle of vodka.


          Those men? They were the ones who
          killed my parents?










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 15.


          Koscik doesn't want to tell him. Finally he nods, yes.


          You people. Why is it so fucking
          hard to be friends with a Jew?
          They embrace.


          Imagine being one.
           Tuvia leads his motley band toward the woods.




          Tuvia leads them. He notices an OLD MAN staring at him.


          You sat in back.
          Tuvia just looks at him.


          In school. I am Shimon H'aretz.


          I thought you were dead.


          I am at least half-dead.
          
          I heard them speaking of your
          parents. I am very sorry.
          Tuvia shakes his head.


          And the other brothers? What was
          his name, the wild one?


          Zus. He's with the other two.


          You are hiding here? In the forest?
          Tuvia nods.


          There has been trouble before maybe?
          With the police?
          Tuvia doesn't answer.










           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 16.




          So now you go to the forest. A
          wise choice.


          For a dumb schoolboy, you mean.


          My whole life I presumed to teach
          others the right way to live. I
          had no doubt: this is God's way,
          this isn't. You'll forgive me if
          recent events have somewhat shaken
          my resolve.


          It is just like school, I don't
          know what you're talking about.
          
          Teacher...Come... Come.
          (gesturing to the


          Please.






          The new arrivals squat by a fire where potatoes are cooking
          in the ashes. Everyone shares from the soup pot. There
          aren't enough spoons to go around.
          Shimon offers Aron something to eat.


          Here... You're not hungry?
          Aron doesn't respond.


          The little one does not talk?


          He saw. Things.


          stares fixedly as Avram digs his daughter's grave. The gun
          is still in his belt. Zus is constructing a shelter.


          I send you for food and you bring
          more mouths to feed.


          You send me?


          Did you at least get the gun?










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 16A.


           Tuvia shows him.


          Only four bullets.


          Then we'll have to make them count.
          Zus heads for the food. Asael is trying to start a fire
          but the kindling is wet.


          Here...
          Shimon takes a book from his coat, rips out pages covered
          in Hebrew and crumples them into the fire. They burst into
          flame.


          The Psalms have many uses.


          watching as they eat hungrily.
          Tuvia stops near Avram DIGGING a grave before heading out
          of the camp. We realize Avram's daughter has died while
          Tuvia was away. THE SOUND OF DISTANT THUNDER.








           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 17.


          Tuvia stands in the driving rain, shaking. He stares at the
          lit windows.


          The POLICE CAPTAIN we saw earlier eats dinner with his WIFE
          and TWO SONS. They speak in Russian.


          You worked late.
          The man nods, his mouth full of food.


          Tomorrow is Sunday. You have a day
          off, yes?


          
          ...Fucking SS never sleeps...
          The door OPENS slowly. They all look up.










           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 18.


          Tuvia stands on the threshold, dripping wet, a spectral
          figure. He holds the pistol at his side.


          You know who I am?
          The policeman says nothing. His wife is instantly terrified.
          One of the SONS stands. Tuvia turns the gun on him.


          Sit.
          The son obeys. The SOUND of the rain on the tin roof is
          deafening. Tuvia turns back to the Police Captain.


          And you know why I am here.


          ...what are you talking about?


          You have no idea what I'm talking
          about...


          If they say find someone, I find
          him. It's my job.


          To find Jews.


          Or lose my job.


          And it's a good job, isn't it? You
          like your job.


          I was always fair with your family.
          ...Everyone knew you were smuggling
          this and that. But I looked the
          other way.
          
          ...Ask your father.


          My father? You don't talk about my
          father...
          Tuvia places the pistol against the man's forehead.


          Down on your knees.












           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 19.








          The policeman begins to weep.


          For my parents, David and Beila
          Bielski... for my brothers and all
          the others--


          Please.... I beg you...
          One of the man's SONS makes a move toward Tuvia. Tuvia
          SHOOTS him in the chest. His mother SCREAMS. The Policeman
          suddenly starts to stand. Tuvia backs away, shoots him.
          And then the other son. It is all over in seconds.




          The police captain's wife is prostrate and KEENING over her
          dead family in Russian.


          Kill me, too!
          Tuvia should indeed kill her, too. To avoid being
          identified.


          Tell them who did this.





          The rain still pours down on the house as Tuvia runs away.


          Tuvia pushes through dense forest. Branches rake his face.
          Finally he leans against a tree. We move CLOSE on his face.


          Riboynoy shel oylam, riboynoy shel
          oylam...
          
          Lord of the universe, forgive me, I
          have murdered -- but they were
          monsters and did not deserve to
          live.








           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 20.


          Zus awakens, sodden and stiff. He looks at the group, now
          numbering fourteen. People sleep huddled together: Asael
          holds Aron; Avram keeps his surviving daughter close.
          And there is Tuvia -- sitting by the fire. Zus takes the
          pistol from Tuvia's belt. Checks the cylinder.


          Only one bullet left.


          His sons.
          Zus nods his approval.


          How was it?


          What?


          To kill them. It was good, no?


          Shut up.
          Tuvia stares into the fire. He is dirty and tired. Zus
          looks around.


          What are we going to do with these
          others?


          I don't know--


          The women will slow us down. And
          your old teacher--


          You're afraid he's going to beat
          you for forgetting your homework.


          We have to be able to keep moving,
          and quickly.


          I agree. But they're here.
          They consider their predicament.










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 21.




          We'll sleep farther up the trail.
          If anyone comes, they'll find them
          first. The gunshots will give us
          time to escape.


          Alright. But no more.


          No more.




          stumbling into camp behind Tuvia, who carries a heavy sack
          of provisions. Zus gives Tuvia a look.


          I know. I know... Tamara, you
          remember Cousin Zus. Please, go
          sit down by the fire. And this is
          Lazar -- Isabel's youngest...
          Tamara is pleasant-looking but emotionally wounded.


          This is Isaac Malbin. From Minsk.
          Malbin is sweet-faced with little round Trotsky glasses.


          Asael, find them something to eat.


          Zus takes Tuvia aside.


          Tuvia, I have pity for them all,




          They are family.


          And how will we feed this family?


          We'll water the soup.
          One of the new arrivals is a DARK-HAIRED BEAUTY. Tuvia and
          Zus watch her pass. Zus is particularly interested.


          And this one, is she family?


          No.
          By the fire, the veterans pepper the newcomers with










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 A21.


          questions.










           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 21A.




          You are from Lida! Is Isadore Korein
          alive?


          There are so many in the ghetto, I
          don't know...


          Does anyone have news from Vilna?








           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 22.




          Food, such as it is, is being handed out to SEVERAL NEW
          ARRIVALS. Asael brushes Aron's hair. Rachel sits beside
          her grieving father. She looks at Aron. He looks back.
          Nearby, Tuvia and Malbin are building a shelter. Malbin is
          hopelessly inept. A wall COLLAPSES.


          Fuck me! Have you never used a
          hammer?


          Uh. No.


          What is it you do, then?


          I suppose...you'd have to say...I
          was...am...an intellectual.


          This is a job?


          I published a small magazine...
          actually a journal...well, more
          like a pamphlet.
          Zus passes them, his arm around the dark-haired beauty.


          Tuvia, this is Rona. Rona is my
          forest wife.


          I see. Congratulations.
          Zus winks and walks past. Malbin and Tuvia watch them.


          Interesting concept.


          As long as his village wife stays
          in hiding.


          Nice to know there are some things
          even Hitler can't destroy.










           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 23.


          Suddenly the camp grows quiet.
          TWO YOUNG MEN who have emerged from the forest, their clothes
          dirty and torn. One of them aims an army-issue rifle.


          Hello, boys, what can we do for
          you?


          Food. We want food.
          Everyone remains still. Zus eyes his own rifle nearby.


          These little shits are holding us
          up.
          The Young Man motions his partner to take Zus's rifle.


          You little shits have the balls to
          shoot me?
          In response, the young man CHAMBERS A ROUND.


          This is all the food we have. You
          are welcome to share.


          No.












          YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 23A.




          I want to see if this little shit
          will shoot me. You like shooting
          Jews, you little shit?


          You are Jews?










           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 24.




          No. We're the Gestapo, you little
          shit.


          Come. Sit. Put down your guns.


          Or perhaps you'd prefer I shove
          them up your ass.


          Where are you from?
          The young man glares at Zus. Then, to Tuvia:


          Horodyszcze.
          The name freezes Zus in his tracks. His wife is there.


          We haven't eaten in two days. My
          name is Peretz, this is Jacov.


          Two days ago there were three
          thousand Jews in Horodyszcze. Now
          there are fifty. Me and him, we
          hid in a wall.


          You know a woman there, Sonia
          Bielski?
          The men look at one another.


          We knew her.
          Zus can hardly bring himself to ask the next question.


          ...There was a child.
          Jacov shakes his head. Sorry.
          Zus leans his head against a tree. After a moment he begins
          to BEAT HIS HEAD against it until BLOOD pours down his face.


          
          His family.
          Tuvia puts his arms around his brother. Zus's shoulders
          begin to heave. Soon his body convulses with deep wracking
          sobs. He is absolutely unself-conscious in his grief.










           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 25.




          So many dead.


          I know.


          Mama. Papa.
          Their heads are close together, their faces wet with tears.


          Why not us?


          I don't know.


          I thought they'd be safe. I should
          have been with them.


          No.


          I could have protected them.
          Tuvia just holds him. He, too, is crying quietly.


          Better to be rabbits? Hunted?
          Hiding? No...
          Zus breaks free of Tuvia's embrace and walks away.


          Jacov and Peretz are eating. Between ravenous bites--


          We are looking for partisans.


          What is the name of your otriad?
          Tuvia laughs ruefully.


          What is an 'otriad?'


          An armed brigade.


          We heard the Russians are beginning
          to organize.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 26.




           Here?


          And also in the Lipicanska.


          Then we are the Bielski Otriad.
          You want to join?


          
          The Russians are fighters.


          --But you need a gun to join them.
          Without a gun you are nothing.
          They sabotage railroads and kill
          Germans.


          We will kill all the Germans you
          can handle. Starting tonight.
          They stare up at him, his face a mask of blood and filth.


          If you're not afraid to use that
          rifle.


          Zus is loading Wilencki's gun.


          --we must get what we need without
          killing. We can't make more enemies--
          Zus concentrates on opening the breach.


          --It won't bring your family back
          to life. Or Mama. Or Papa.


          Blood for blood. You had your
          revenge.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 27.




          And I can still see their faces.


          'Vengeance is mine.' Who said that?


          So this is God's work you're doing,
          Zussie?


          No. Only YOU can play God. Save a
          few lives, take a few others...


          We cannot become...like them.


          If only...
          
          Are you coming with us or not?


          Us?


          Peretz and Jacov.


          Asael, too.
          Tuvia looks over at Asael, who looks away.


          
          You are making the decisions now?
          A stand-off. Zus stares back at him. The struggle for
          command has grown more obvious.


          We wait for dark.




          Lights up the night sky. A MAN comes running out of a
          tavern, the same man who loaded Jews onto trucks in an
          earlier scene.


          My truck! WHO DID THIS TO MY TRUCK?
          Tuvia, Zus and the others appear out the shadows.


          We did.










           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 28.


          The man stops short at the sight of their weapons.


          Who are you?


          You don't understand. They made me
          give them my truck...
          Zus FIRES. Jacov and Peretz follow suit. The man goes
          down. They throw his DEAD BODY onto the burning truck.




          Zus and Peretz are backing out of an open doorway, FIRING
          BACK INSIDE AS THEY GO. From within, the sound of SCREAMS.






          FACES appear furtively at the windows of nearby houses.
          Zus addresses the little neighborhood, delirious with joy.










          Tuvia looks around warily. This is getting out of hand.




          Tuvia and Asael lie in on one side of a road. Tuvia has
          looped ONE END OF THE WIRE around a post.


          Zus, Peretz, and Jacov WRAP THE WIRE to a tree.


          The lights of a MOTORCYCLE, a GERMAN COURIER.


          Tuvia waits until the BIKE is almost upon them. Then he
          TIGHTENS the WIRE so it stretches INVISIBLY ACROSS THE ROAD.








           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 29.


          by the wire. His bike goes sliding away as the Bielski's
          swarm him, KILLING HIM with the last bullet from the
          Mahkarov.
          ZUS rummages through the downed-bike's saddlebags. He finds
          a beautiful KNIFE and lifts it up triumphantly.


          Look--!
          MORE HEADLIGHTS fast approaching.


          Hide! Everyone!
          They all scramble back into the ditch, dragging the dead
          courier with them.


          approaches. As its headlights pick up the downed motorcycle,
          it slows and pulls off to the side --


          Where Tuvia and Zus are concealed. From within the car, we
          hear VOICES SPEAKING GERMAN. A YOUNG PRIVATE gets out and
          walks up the road to investigate.


          
          It's one of ours, but no one is
          here. Maybe he was drunk?
          From the car, an SERGEANT yells a reply.


          
          Move it off the road before the
          convoy passes. I'll report the
          sonuvabitch.
          As the soldier drags the bike off the road, AN OFFICER steps
          out of the car and lights a cigarette.
          He's followed by the Sergeant. He carries a Schmeisser
          SUBMACHINE GUN dangling from his shoulder.


          can see the Sergeant's feet peeking out over the ditch.


          Cascades onto him. He tries to inch his body away...










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 30.




          catches the flicker of MOVEMENT below, SEES Zus lying in
          the ditch. Stunned, he tries to zip up his fly. It catches.
          ZUS LEAPS UP brandishing the KNIFE. He's on the Sergeant
          before he can get the gun off his shoulder. Stabbing him
          through his greatcoat, the BLADE BREAKS OFF IN HIS HAND.
          MEANWHILE, THE LIEUTENANT drops his cigarette, reaching
          under his coat for a pistol. Tuvia TACKLES him. The GUN
          skids away. They roll around on the road, CLAWING, PUNCHING,
          BITING. Tuvia SLAMS the man's head against the pavement.


          The Private sees Asael and Peretz coming at him. Jacov
          follows with his rifle. The Private turns and runs down
          the road. They give chase.


          Another OFFICER is in the back seat with A WOMAN. He reaches
          for his gun, stands up in the seat and begins FIRING WILDLY
          at Tuvia. TUVIA ROLLS UNDER THE CAR, avoiding the burst.
          MEANWHILE, ZUS USES THE HANDLE OF THE KNIFE to BREAK the
          Sergeant's nose. He RIPS the SCHMEISSER away, firing point-
          blank into the man, whose greatcoat CATCHES FIRE.


          The officer takes close aim at Tuvia, just as ZUS TURNS THE
          MACHINE GUN on the car BLOWING OUT THE WINDOWS, killing the
          Officer and the woman -- and saving his brother's life.


          Jacov fires at the Private, MISSES. The man keeps RUNNING.
          Jacov fires again. MISSES AGAIN.
          FINALLY his THIRD SHOT hits him in the leg. The Private
          keeps running. Limping now.


          I got him!
          Peretz and Asael can now catch up to the soldier.


          We SEE them knock the Private to the ground, KICKING him
          until Jacov catches up to them and FIRES A FINAL SHOT.








           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 31.


          Tuvia stands, out of breath.


          Stupid! The gunfire could be heard
          for miles.


          He was pissing on my head.
          Zus is high from the killing, covered in the dead man's
          blood. He begins calling out orders.


          Peretz, Jacov, check the car for
          guns...
          
          This one's yours.
          He presents him with the Schmeisser as if it were a trophy.
          Tuvia accepts it, checking the gun efficiently.


          I'll check his pockets for more
          ammo.


          Hurry--!


          Peretz and Jacov emerge with two MACHINE-PISTOLS, several
          BOTTLES OF SCHNAPPS and a beautiful LEICA CAMERA.


          They were on their way to a party!
          They toss one bottle to Zus and another to Tuvia.


          Asael stands over the dead Private. He isn't much older
          than Aron.


          ZUS rifles the pockets of the dead Sergeant for ammo. He
          finds cigarettes and the man's wallet. He opens it.


          Welcome to Belarus, herr Henkel.
          A CHAMPAGNE CORK POPS as Peretz and Jacov toast their
          victory.


          Now we are real Partisans...










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 32.




          To the Bielski Otriad!


          are rounding the bend. Troop trucks. The Staff Car was
          leading A CONVOY.


          Into the fields! RUN!
          Tuvia pulls Peretz off the road, but Jacov reloads his rifle
          and begins to FIRE at the approaching trucks.


          Jacov, NO!
          THE TRUCKS STOP. Troops pour off and begin RETURNING FIRE.
          Jacov is CUT DOWN by a MACHINE GUN.
          Peretz, Zus, and Tuvia race into the WHEAT FIELD. It's not
          clear if they can make it into the woods. A FLARE IGNITES
          OVERHEAD turning the wheat fields BRIGHT WHITE in flickering
          incandescence. Malbin is almost paralytic with fear.
          ASAEL doesn't know which way to run. He plunges into the
          WHEAT FIELD...but ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE ROAD.
          ONE OF THE TRUCKS drives forward, CUTTING HIM OFF, using
          its SPOTLIGHT to reveal him. FIFTEEN SOLDIERS start after
          him.


          We watch as they CONVERGE on him.


          Have almost made it into the woods when PERETZ IS HIT. He
          falls. Tuvia and Zus pick him up and half-carry, half-drag
          him into the sanctuary of the forest.


          Zus. His rifle.
          Zus races back to pick up Peretz's weapon.


          has realized his mistake. He tries to circle back toward
          the woods but the SOLDIERS move to CUT HIM OFF. He is fast,
          but not fast enough. We realize he isn't going to make it.


          Tuvia and Zus look at the scene with mounting horror.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 33.




          Asael...
          He rips the rifle from Zus's hands. For a moment we think
          he's going to go back after him. Instead, he wedges the
          rifle into a tree-trunk and takes careful aim...


          Plunging the field into darkness as the flare burns out.
          ASAEL seizes the moment and dives to his knees, disappearing
          from view and CRAWLING NOW rather than expose himself.
          AN IRRIGATION DITCH is nearby. Frantically he DIGS into
          the soft mud on its banks. As he scrapes his hands raw, he
          can HEAR his pursuers drawing near, CALLING OUT to one
          another.




          A somber mood. Tuvia watches someone scrape at the porridge
          congealed in an empty pot. OTHERS stare listlessly into
          space. ONE MAN chews on a piece of leather, ANOTHER sucks
          on an old chicken bone.
          Zus, meanwhile, is in the middle of a nasty drunk from the
          captured schnapps. Nearby, Aron shares his ration of bread
          with Rachel. Little enough, but a connection is made.
          Peretz lies nearby. Malbin is trying to comforts him.
          There is nothing that can help him. Malbin looks to Tuvia.


          They thought you were bringing food.
          Tuvia just stares at him.


          Did the farmers stop you?
          Still no answer from Tuvia.


          They had guns? Dogs?


          No.


          I don't understand.
          Tuvia says nothing. Nearby, a child cries in hunger.


          The Talmud says if you save a life
          you must take responsibility for
          it.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 34-34A.




          Again I have no idea what you are
          talking about.
          Around them, the beseeching eyes of so many hungry faces.


          I think you do.


          You are the Bielski's?
          A MAN stands in the clearing. BEN ZION GULKOWITZ is tall,
          well muscled, a rifle strapped over his shoulder.


          How'd you get past the Lazar?


          Who?
          Zus stands unsteadily, then lurches into the woods, leaning
          on an occasional tree for support. He finds the erstwhile
          sentry --LAZAR -- ambling toward him.


          You shit! You worthless shit!
          Zus punches him, knocking him the ground. In a sloppy,
          drunken frenzy, Zus SLAPS him again.


          Enough!


          He walked right by you! Someone
          could have been killed!
          Tuvia pulls Zus off him.


          I said, enough!
          
          Get up! Get up!


          If we were real partisans he'd be
          shot.


          He made a mistake!










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 35.




          MISTAKE! We cannot make mistakes!
          As Zus goes for Lazar again, Tuvia roughly PULLS HIM OFF.
          Zus goes flying, tripping over, landing on his ass.


          That's right, Zus. No mistakes.
          Like last night.
          
          First they will torture Asael...and
          then they will hang him.
          Tuvia walks away, leaving his brother on the ground.


          Tuvia rejoins them. Ben Zion looks up at him.


          You are Tuvia Bielski.


          You know me?


          I am Ben Zion Gulkowitz.
          Ben Zion is besieged by questions about friends and family.


          Pardon me, you are from Vilna. My
          sister lives on Passaya Street.


          The SD came without warning.
          Hundreds were taken. No one knows
          where.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 36.


          THE WOMAN begins to cry.


          My poor sister...dear God, no...
          Meanwhile, Peretz's MOANING ceases. A woman grumbles:


          We'd be better off in the ghetto...


          At least here we are safe.


          There at least we had hope...


          No. Here, we have hope.
          A FEW MORE join in, grumbling their dissatisfaction. Others
          take the opposite position. These are Jews, after all, and
          arguing is a revered sport and a pastime. It escalates.


          We are hungry!
          This is a defining moment for Tuvia. When at first he
          speaks, it is awkward, ineffectual amid the growing tumult.


          I know we have no food. But
          tomorrow... tomorrow will be another
          mission.


          Look what happened the last time.


          That was a mistake! But the mistakes
          we made will not be made again!
          More objections. Tuvia must raise his voice to be heard.


          We could be here a long time. And
          we have to prepare.


          How?


          Better security. Better at getting
          food and information--
          (talking over their


          --at making shelters. Whatever is
          needed. We all participate. We
          don't work against each other.
          At this he looks directly at Zus. Daring him to object.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 36A.




          I want to kill Nazis, too, but
          we...just...cannot afford revenge.
          Not right now. We cannot afford to
          lose friends like Jacov and Peretz.
          A small voice speaks up.


          Or Asael.
          Everyone stares. It is the first time Aron has spoken.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 37.




          Or Asael. We... We--
          (trying to hold it


          --cannot lose anyone.
          He looks from face to face. Filthy, ravaged, many of them
          with tears in their eyes. This is what they need --
          leadership, faith, something to believe in.
          And gradually, his tentativeness and awkwardness is replaced
          by something else. A new voice. From deep inside.


          ...We will map out where we've been
          so as to not visit the same farms
          too often. And we take only from
          those who can afford to give, and
          leave those who can't alone.


          The poorest farmer has more than
          us.


          True. But what I am saying is...
          what I mean is... We are not thieves.
          (his resolve growing
          with every word)
          Or murderers. We may be hunted
          like animals but we will not become
          animals.
          
          We have all chosen this -- to live
          free, like human beings, for as
          long as we can. Each day of freedom
          is an act of faith. And if we die
          trying to live, at least we die
          like human beings.
          His mission statement. A vision of their future.
          Everyone nods in mute acknowledgement. Zus lowers his head.
          The shift in power between them has occurred. Tuvia has
          emerged as the undisputed leader.






          The trees take on color as if in celebration of their coming
          together.


          All is quiet as Tuvia, Zus and Ben Zion watch from the woods.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 38.




           Now.
          They leave their cover and approach warily, guns at the
          ready.


          Koscik's wife looks up from her garden and glares at them.


          Hello.
          She refuses to be flattered. In Russian:


          In the barn.


          Zus calls out.


          Koscik, put your pants back on and
          leave those sheep alone.
          He steps into the shadows to find:


          that has been driven through his chest. A sign attached to
          the hook reads  "JEW LOVER."




          is just beyond the barn. Tuvia finishes piling on the last
          shovelful of earth. Koscik's wife stares straight ahead.


          I'm sorry.


          
          Come.


          dug into a hillside. Overgrown with tall grass it is
          undetectable. Koscik's wife opens the heavy door, revealing
          ASAEL, who emerges blinking into the bright light.


          Thank God.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 39.


          Zus pulls his lost brother into a mighty embrace.


          Zus.... ZUSSIE... I can't breathe.
          Zus lets him go and Asael reaches back into the root cellar.


          Look.
          Two LOVELY YOUNG WOMEN -- BELLA and CHAYA -- emerge,
          tentative and scared. Though their dresses are dirty, it is
          obvious they were once expensive. Zus eyes them
          appreciatively.


          Asael... Well, well..




          Shut up. Look at this--
          He has two more rifles and a large box of ammunition.
          Tuvia turns to Koscik's wife, deeply moved.


          Thank you.


          
          Go.




          They head for home. Zus walks beside Bella.


          --and then we fell into this horrible
          bog. Chaya saved me. Honestly, I
          can't swim at all.










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 40.






          Then I will teach you!


          We must have got lost a dozen times.
          I was absolutely resigned to die.


          No...


          Tell him, Chaya. Was it not the
          absolute worst? And that farmer,
          Mr. Koscik, kept making the most
          vulgar jokes, he said any girl who--
          As they continue out of earshot, it appears as though Zus
          would be happy to listen for hours.




          Aron and Rachel are walking through the woods. For a brief
          moment, viewed through the eyes of the young, we see these
          woods as a magical place. Strange mushrooms, gnarled roots,
          an enormous spider's web glistening with dew.


          Sentries are posted. Zus expertly helps with the building
          a bunker . There's a more permanent kitchen,
          a wash trough, a clothesline. Pinchas tends his goat.
          Though primitive and raw...a haven.


          Their bickering will become for them, as time goes on, a
          sport and a pastime.


          You're trying to tell me all politics
          is meaningless.


          In the West a monster with a little
          mustache, in the East a monster
          with a big mustache. This is all I
          need to know about politics.


          Your messiah will have a mustache,
          too, and a full beard.


          No. The messiahs are all in
          politics, and they're killing us.
          Zus unloads two cut and stripped trees.










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 40A.




          What's killing me is all your
          talking. Back to work.
          Malbin and Shimon go back to work.


          And Roosevelt? He has no mustache.


          My life in these woods is much easier
          because of Mr. Roosevelt, thank
          you.








           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 41.


          review their plans.


          We need to know what's going on in
          the villages, how the Germans patrol,
          who the informers are--
          He realizes that Asael is not fully concentrating; instead
          he is watching as Chaya walks past.


          Are you listening to me?


          Yes.


          What's her name?


          Chaya. [I believe.]






          He waves as Chaya turns to look in their direction. Asael
          smiles, embarrassed.


          So talk to her.


          I hardly know her.


          You spent three days in a cellar!
          Asael blushes, returns the focus to their prior conversation.


          Malbin says the Piznarksi granary
          is full. We need two guns at
          least...


          Whose turn to go?


          Zus.


          You go along, just to make sure he
          understands my orders.
          Asael nods.


          
          Go on...Go!










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 A41-41A.


          Asael heads toward Chaya.


          We notice a FEW NEW FACES. Their number has exceeded twenty.
          Among them are two lumbering, dark-skinned men, ARKADY and
          MOTL LUBCZANSKI. Ben Zion is showing Lazar and the other
          newcomers how to clean a weapon.


          This is not a gun. It is Bar
          Kochba's spear. It is Ehud's sword.
          You fix the patch to the rod--
          They do as he instructs.


          --then run it through the barrel...
          and don't lose the patch in the


          Lazar looks up, sheepishly.


          I lost my patch.
          ARKADY LUBCZANSKI whispers contemptuously to his brother,




          The village idiot.
          Zus shoves Arkady out of the way and approaches Lazar, who
          cowers. But rather than abuse him, Zus removes the patch
          from the rifle and hands it back to him.


          Thank you, Zus.


          
          It's nothing.










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 42.




          KISSELY is a MILKMAN with bright red hair and a bushy
          mustache. He leads a horse-drawn CART laden with milk cans.
          ZUS AND THE OTHERS rise up out of the ditch. In Russian:


          
          Good morning, friend. Getting an
          early start to market? Could you
          possibly spare us a bit of milk?
          Zus' tone is belied by the rifle in his hand.


          This is what I'm required to give
          the Germans. If I don't meet my
          quota they'll shoot me and my family.
          Zus is tempted to shoot him himself.


          
          Leave half. He can't go to the
          Germans empty-handed.
          Zus glares at Asael.


          Tuvia's orders.
          Zus shakes his head, climbs onto the wagon and begins
          removing cartons.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 43.




          
          We are so grateful, comrade, for
          your cooperation. What a lovely
          coat. Is that a fur collar?




          joins the others lugging milk cans along the forest path.




          Zus shakes his head. Lazar stands, pointing his weapon.


          Lazar, you can see it's us, you
          idiot. You only ask, 'who goes
          there' when you don't know who it
          is.


          Sorry, Zus.


          is a beehive of activity. Shimon and Malbin are digging.


          Even Spinoza said existence can be
          substantiated by empirical evidence.


          All your secular learning, yet you
          know nothing of life.


          How can you say this? Learning is
          my life.


          And for every fact that goes in
          your head, another comes out your
          rear end.
          CHAYA and BELLA receive the bounty from the foragers.


          Milk, eggs -- Chaya, our brave men
          have brought us a feast!


          Blintzes! You will make me blintzes!
          She bestows her best smile upon him.


          New arrivals are being shown around by Ben Zion.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 43A.


          A MAN and WOMAN cry out with joy at an unexpected reunion.










           DOUBLE PINK Revision - 9-27-07 44.


          ARKADY LUBCZANSKi approaches Chaya.


          I don't think we've been properly
          introduced. Arkady Lubczanski.


          Hello.


          You are Chaya?


          ...Yes.


          You are getting along all right?
          Anything you need? An extra blanket?


          Oh. Well... Yes, that would be
          nice.


          You'll have it by tonight. Something
          nice and soft.
          
          I couldn't help but notice you don't
          have a husband yet.


          
          Yet?










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 44A.




          Most of the woman have already
          chosen. They haven't told you about
          this?










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 45.




          No. But thank you for explaining
          it.
          She hurries away. Malbin sits down wearily beside Shimon.


          Descartes at least provided for the
          subjective nature of experience.
          He takes a spoon from his sock.


          Yes. You annoy me therefore I exist.


          You are not eating?


          By my best calculation, today is
          High Holiday. I am fasting.
          Malbin can't believe this. He rolls his eyes and digs in.
          One of the NEWCOMERS has brought a violin. He begins to
          play. A bittersweet melody. People stop talking and listen,
          eyes filling at this reminder of a sweeter, civilized time.
          Ben Zion has left the new arrivals and approached Tuvia.
          He looks grave. Tuvia immediately knows something is wrong.


          What is it?


          The new ones, they are from
          Novagroduk. Your wife--
          Tuvia tenses. Ben Zion hesitates...


          They say...She was killed last week.
          
          I'm sorry.
          Tuvia nods. No outward display of grief. An awkward moment.


          Thank you for telling me.
          
          We have to dig a trench around the
          new zemylanka. If it rains I'm
          afraid water will seep in.
          Tuvia clearly cannot deal with his news.


          I'll see to it, then.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 46.


           Tuvia nods and walks away.




          Cathedral light cuts through the trees forming visible
          shafts.


          Jacob's ladders. Like in his dream.
          Asael says you can see the angels.
          They walk on, eventually coming upon RAILROAD TRACKS. A
          TRAIN is rounding the bend, headed in their direction.


          Can we stay to watch?


          If we hide.
          They move back into the trees as the train NEARS: a slow-
          moving engine pulling a line of WOODEN CATTLE CARS.


          Is that a Nazi train?


          If we had some dynamite we could
          blow the shit out of it.


          (with undisguised


          ...Just like your brothers.
          Aron can't help but be pleased by this notion.
          Then, as the train passes, they can see HANDS gripping the
          small barred windows. And every now and then a gaunt,
          desperate FACE.
           They stare in astonishment.












          SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 47.


          Tuvia sits alone. Outside, the SOUND of the violin
          continues. Shimon comes to sit beside him.


          I am sorry for your loss.
          Tuvia nods. He is deep inside himself.


          Do you want to say the Kaddish?
          When at last Tuvia speaks, it is almost to himself.


          She was a beautiful woman. But
          cold. Not a day went by she didn't
          remind me I wasn't a good provider.
          For years it wasn't really a marriage
          at all. And now...
          He lowers his head. All Shimon can do is sit beside him.


          Bella takes Chaya aside.


          You have lipstick? Please, I know
          you have some left.
          Chaya digs in her pocket and produces a tiny remnant. Bella
          dabs it on and casually approaches Zus, who is on guard
          duty.


          May I join you?


          Of course.


          You get lonely out here?


          I like the woods.
          LAUGHTER and MUSIC waft through the trees.


          I'm a little scared out here.
          Zus knows an opportunity when he sees one. He offers her a
          drink from his bottle of vodka.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 48.




          I've never tried it.


          Go ahead.
          She drinks, refuses to grimace. Drinks again. Zus laughs. -
          Bella touches the rifle in his arms.


          Why is there a rule against women
          having guns?


          There aren't enough for the men.


          Women need guns, too.


          What for?


          For protection.


          Women have men for protection.
          Bella bites her lip. She's a virgin but also realistic.


          I want protection.
          She steps closer and takes Zus's hand...under her coat...onto
          her breast...never taking her eyes off him.


          You will take good care of me? You
          will be my commander.




          Aron and Rachel are walking back from the train tracks.
          Suddenly he senses movement, freezes:
          ARMED POLICEMEN are advancing through the trees.
          Aron and Rachel bury themselves beneath piles of leaves
          until the police pass by, then he grabs her hand and dashes


          ARON RUNS through the woods like a deer. She follows.








           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 49.


          He bursts in, SCREAMING.




          Chaos.
          People panic, search for family members, grab whatever they
          can carry,
          ZUS AND BELLA emerge from the woods where they have lain
          together for the first time. He grabs his rifle.
          TUVIA tries to maintain order.




          Asael clutches Chaya's hand. Rounding up others.


          Don't panic. THIS WAY!. GO.




          THE POLICEMEN begin FIRING. TWO of the group are KILLED.
          Tuvia roughly pushes people deeper into the woods.


          Lova, Ben Zion -- stay with us.
          Asael, keep them moving. Don't
          stop!
          THE POLICEMEN enter the camp. A submachine gun RAKES a
          shelter. KISSELY has found the escape trail into the woods.


          This way--


          Tuvia and Zus usher the group across the river and up the
          embankment.


          Go! Go! Move!
          
          Isaac, keep them moving! Zus, Asael,
          Ben Zion...
          Tuvia motions for them to take defensive positions while
          the others escape.-
          The policemen emerge hurriedly through the trees and begin
          crossing the river.
          SHOTS rings out. A Policeman goes down. The German Soldier
          is shot in the leg. They are dragged from the water.










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 49A.


          An edgy silence. From the trees a VOICE calls out in Russian--










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 50.




















          The policemen exchange apprehensive looks.








          The confrontation changes languages.














          Derisive laughter from the trees.


          Give us Bielski and the rest of you
          can go free!
          Behind a tree, Tuvia is surprised by the mention of his
          name.


          You are from Belarussia, pig! Why
          do you work for the Germans against
          your own people?


          For the same reason you steal from
          the poor. To survive.
          ANOTHER SHOT RINGS OUT. Kessely is hit in the arm.


          Shit.


          Next one is to the head!










           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 51.




          Soon it will be dark... See how you
          find your way home then!
          The policemen are having similar thoughts.


          Soon it's a full-scale retreat.


          Tuvia, Zus, Lova &amp; Ben Zion emerge. Zus picks up the dead
          German's machine pistol.


          They'll be back.
          
          We have to find a new camp.


          Next time just draw them a map.


          What does that mean?


          It means -- we should have killed
          the fucking milkman. Your policy
          of diplomacy is shit.
          Zus is breathing hard, full of the adrenaline of battle.


          ...Two are dead. Winter is coming
          and now we have no shelter. Why?
          Because you don't have the stomach
          to do what must be done.
          He walks away.












           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 52.


          as the group trudges along -- weighed down by cooking gear,
          food, guns, etc. Asael takes the iron cauldron from Chaya.
          Zus and Bella walk side-by-side. Pinchas leads his goat.


          Where is he taking us? My feet are
          going to fall off.


          A great rabbi once said, "wherever
          I go, I am always going to the land
          of Israel."


          Well, maybe rabbis should give better
          directions.
           Tuvia walks alongside but apart.




          The group is sprawled on the ground. Four people share a
          single cigarette. Shimon and Malbin hardly have the energy
          to argue. Pinchas feeds his goat. Tuvia walks among them.


          Rest and eat. I need volunteers
          for a scouting party.
          Zus raises his hand. Tuvia nods in grudging gratitude.
          However mixed his feelings, Zus can always be counted on.




          Tuvia looks at Zus, who shrugs. They are in unfamiliar
          territory. As they move cautiously forward:


          steps into the path, holding an automatic rifle. He WHISTLES
          softly. More ARMED MEN materialize, surrounding them.


          


          Tuvia instantly grasps the situation. He salutes.


          
          A brigade of independent fighters
          searching for our comrades.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 52A.


          Zus almost does a double-take at Tuvia's bluff.


          What brigade?










           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 53.




          We belong to the Bielski otriad.


          We know of you. Jewish bandits.
          Zus's finger tightens on the trigger of his submachine gun.


          I'll take the two on the left...
          Tuvia maintains his composure.


          I'm sure we can clear up this
          misunderstanding with your commander.




          A primitive tent camp. RUSSIAN PARTISANS move about, quiet
          and cold-eyed men wearing remnants of Red Army uniforms.
          Zus can't help but be impressed by the array of weaponry.
          VICTOR PACHENKO emerges from a tent. A former lieutenant,
          dashing in a fur cap and long officer's coat. He addresses
          them in Russian.


          I am Viktor Panchenko, commander of
          the October otriad. We have had
          complaints of a Jewish gang stealing
          from villages loyal to us.
          
          How do you respond to these charges?


          When you take food it is from loyal
          supporters. When we do, you call
          it stealing.


          We are soldiers.


          And we fight a common enemy. The
          motherland doesn't distinguish
          between Jews and non-Jews.
          Viktor is amused by this bit of Soviet dogma.


          But Jews do not fight.










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 54.




          These Jews do.
          Viktor appraises Tuvia for a moment.


          We will see. Select your best
          fighters and send them to us.
          Zus looks at Tuvia, knowing he has no choice.


          We are honored to be of service.
          Tuvia and Zus SALUTE and head back the way they came.


          
          So we're partisans now.


          As if we have a choice.




          Has taken root. People hard at work building zemylanka.


          Tuvia and Malbin are working together on a new bunker.
          Malbin expertly nails a header across a doorway.


          (throwing a smaller


          Here.


          If my friends at The New Socialists'
          Club could see me now...
          
          I haven't read a book in months.


          I haven't read one in years.
          Malbin looks up from his work.


          I wasn't a very good student. You
          can ask Shimon.


          .I did.
          Tuvia laughs ruefully. Considers him for a moment.


          Yet you accept me as Commander.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 55.


          Malbin thinks about it for a moment.


          Who else?
          Tuvia nods. Good point. They continue working.


          Might I make an observation?
          Tuvia gestures, go ahead.


          We need to be strong, but--


          ...But--?


          Other things are important, too.


          Such as?
          Malbin tries to think how best to put it.


          Community.
          Tuvia considers the word. As if trying it on for size.


          You have more ideas? About all
          this?


          ...A few.


          I'm listening...




          More mouths to feed.


          More young bodies to keep us warm.
          One ot them, a young man, YITZHAK SHULMAN, RIPS the yellow
          Star-of-David off his coat and kneels to KISS THE GROUND.


          Which one is Tuvia Bielski?
          Someone points Tuvia out. Shulman hurries over and kisses
          Tuvia's hand. Zus is drinking nearby with his cronies.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 55A.




          None of us knew if you really
          existed. I am from Baranowicze.
          They are going to liquidate the
          ghetto.
          Chaya bursts into tears. Asael puts his arm around her.


          My parents--
          Zus catches Tuvia's glance to Malbin. Tuvia turns back to
          Shulman.


          We'll do what we can.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 56.


          Shulman tries to kiss Tuvia's hand once again, but Tuvia
          takes his hand, instead, and shakes it.
          CHAYA looks deeply into Asael's eyes.


          You will help my parents?






          I've seen you looking at me. If
          you were to rescue them, I would
          do... anything...you--
          Asael is completely undone by the starkness of this.


          No. I mean, yes. All right.


          and grabs him as he walks away. Their hushed tones belie
          the growing chasm between them.










           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 57.




          And what exactly does that mean,
          'do what we can.'


          We must send for whoever is left
          alive.


          And if it is a hundred? Six hundred?


          Then we will provide.


          And when the Germans follow these
          hundreds and slaughter us.


          I won't let that happen.
          Tuvia exchanges a glance with Malbin. Zus catches it. He
          has sensed Malbin's growing influence.


          You won't let that happen.


          No. I'll bring them out myself.


          From the ghetto.


          Yes.


          Pan Tuvia. Rabbi Tuvia. Allow me
          to kiss your hand...
          Tuvia tries to pull his hand away, but Zus holds him.


          You think Pachenko wants hundreds
          more of us in the forest?


          I cannot have you contradicting
          me... Not when others are around.
          
          Our family must stick together.










           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 58.




          And who is it that's risking our
          family, and for what? For the sake
          of these--
          (gestures at the new


          --Malbushim.


          Don't call them that.


          That's who comes to us from the
          ghetto. Empty clothes.
          Bloodsuckers.


          They are people. Jews.


          Pretentious Jews. Jews who stuck
          up their noses and wouldn't give us
          the time of day when we passed them
          on the street. Jews who went out
          of their way to keep their daughters
          locked away from our dirty hands.


          You think your old teacher will
          give you a good grade because you
          saved his worthless ass! They accept
          you as their leader only because
          they are too weak and full of shit
          to help themselves.


          --What about Bella?
          Tuvia looks over at Bella, who is anxiously watching.


          --You think she'd be with you if it
          wasn't for what is happening here?
          Zus glares at him, but tries to control himself.


          --Is it love Zus?










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 59.


          Zus is sick of talk. He PUNCHES Tuvia in the face. Tuvia
          is rocked but still he goads his brother.


          You are the man of her dreams? The
          Romeo of Novagrudok?
          Zus can't take anymore. He charges Tuvia, who sidesteps
          and SLAMS him in the gut. All the frustration of the past
          months, not to mention years of sibling rivalry, translates
          into fists and elbows.
          Ben Zion moves to break it up. Tuvia and Zus turn on him.


          Is this your business?
          Zus gains the upper hand and starts to beat the crap put of
          Tuvia. Finally, in desperation Tuvia rolls away and picks
          up a rock. He is about to slam it into his brother's head
          when suddenly he stops himself.
          The two brothers look at each other, both breathing heavily --
          realizing that they have crossed some line.


          
          Ben Zion. Krensky. Lova. Israel.
          Let's go.
          
          We are going to join the real
          partisans.
          He looks at Asael.


          Are you coming?
          Asael looks at one brother, then the other. Once again, he
          is in the middle. He looks at Chaya, then back at Zus.


          No.


          Good. I'll dance at your wedding.
          He stops by Bella's side, touches her arm, then disappears
          down the trail. The others follow.




          Tuvia and Asael feel naked outside the safety of the forest.
          In the distance the city looms.


          Tuvia and Asael pass by the barbed wire and machine-guns of
          the guards and dogs manning the barrier to the ghetto.








           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 59A.


          Tuvia and Asael climb over a dilapidated wall.








           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 60.


          People peer out from behind shuttered windows. Others hurry
          to get off the street. Tuvia consults a hand-drawn map.


          This way.





          Zus, Lova and Ben Zion march alongside the Russians
          Partisans.








           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 61.


          that might once have been home to a family-of-four now HOUSES
          fifteen. Tuvia and Asael are deep in conversation with
          several ELDERS of the ghetto Council


          We are not so naive as to believe
          they won't kill some of us. But
          all the Jews? It makes no sense.
          They need us to work. In the
          factories. The labor camps.
          Tuvia notices A PRETTY GIRL standing on a chair in order to
          hear. Her name is LILKA and we will soon come to know her.










           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 62.




          There are rumors. Of death camps.


          We too have heard of such places.
          But have you seen them yourself?
          Can you tell me, with absolute
          certainty, that we are not just as
          likely to die out there with you in
          the woods with Winter coming on...?
          Someone WHISTLES from the street below. A tense moment.
          Another whistle. All clear.


          --Do you think we haven't all
          considered running away? For every
          one that leaves they kill twenty.
          How can I sacrifice thousands for
          the sake of a few?"
          Tuvia looks at them, rubbing his face in concentration.


          What if we were to take all of you?


          The old, the sick? There are
          thousands. How will we live?


          We will protect you. We have made
          alliances with the Russian Partisans.


          They are as bad as the Nazi's. You
          are too young to know the pogroms--










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 63-63A.


          Tuvia SLAMS HIS FIST on a table.


          YOU WANT TIME? Fine, I give you a
          day. A month. Maybe a year. To
          live!
          
          Your daughter is out there with us.
          
          Your husband is waiting for you.
          An old orthodox RABBI stands nearby.


          Rabbi?


          We...are waiting for God.
          Tuvia looks at him in disbelief. Such madness is
          incontrovertible. A suspended moment.


          I am going.
          This breaks the log jam. Several others join in, "We are
          coming," "Us, too," etc. Tuvia nods his acknowledgment.




          A crude tunnel has been dug through a ghetto wall. PEOPLE
          squeeze through into the adjoining alley. Behind them, a
          hundred more await their turn.
          Out in the alley, Asael stops them momentarily as a car
          goes by at the end of the street, then gives the all-clear.
          Tuvia takes Lilka' hand and helps her pass through. Their
          eyes meet for just a moment.














           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 63B-63C.


          The new ARRIVALS file in. Men wear citified coats and some
          women have furs. They eye the veterans, thinking, 'how
          dirty they are'; the veterans eye them warily, wondering,
          'How will we feed them?'
          A handmade sign reads, "New Jerusalem." Chaya is re-united
          with her parents. She holds Asael's arm and looks up at
          him with absolute rapture. She is his.
          Malbin is collecting valuables. One WELL-DRESSED WOMAN is
          reluctant to part with her jewelry.


          But they were my grandmother's...










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 64.




          And now they belong to the otriad.
          Everyone sacrifices for the sake of
          the collective. We can trade these
          for food or weapons. Next...
          Nearby, Shimon is INTERVIEWING another line of arrivals.


          --How about carpenters? Any
          bootmakers? Seamstresses?


          I am an accountant.




          That should come in handy. Next...


          I am a nurse.


          Ahhh...welcome. And you, tateh?
          OPPENHEIM is an old man with thick glasses.


          I am a watchmaker.
          Tuvia has walked over to observe.


          Can you repair guns?


          Guns? No.


          
          See if you can fix this trigger.
          Oppenheim slips on a pair of spectacles and studies the
          mechanism. It sticks. He digs into his pocket and produces
          a small file and expertly begins to shave the metal spur.
          He tests it, then hands it back to Tuvia, who CLICKS the
          trigger.


          You have a new profession.
          A murmur of appreciation ripples through the group as Shulman
          appears -- leading A MAGNIFICENT WHITE HORSE.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 65.




          Look what we found running free.
          Must have belonged to an aristocrat.


          My God, she's beautiful.
          
          May I?
          He mounts her easily, urges her around the perimeter,
          greeting the new arrivals. Heads turn as he trots past.
          He is the center of attention, and he knows it. And likes
          it.


          Friends, we are happy to see you
          safely among us. But there are
          many things you must learn about
          living here...
          All attention turns to him. The Lubczanski brothers grumble
          to each other, none too pleased with Tuvia's show-boating.


          Once you are settled, you'll be
          assigned work duties. Everyone
          works, no exceptions.


          Of people being introduced to various tasks: shoemaking,
          sewing, cooking. Asael teaching them to use guns.


          We will help supply the Russian
          Partisans by making clothes,
          repairing guns.


          Malbin catches his eye and winks -- clearly this has been
          part of their "strategy" discussions.


          Women will learn to use weapons and
          fight alongside men.
          Tuvia takes a rifle from Asael and holds it aloft.


          This is not a gun. It is Bar
          Kochba's spear. It is Ehud's sword.
          You will all learn to protect
          yourselves.
          A LITTLE BOY holds Lilka's hand and looks up at Tuvia in
          wonder. He cuts an iconic figure.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 65A.




           
           He is a Jew?
          Lilka is equally struck -- although there is something more
          than wonder in her regard. She nods.


          Pregnancies are forbidden. We cannot
          accommodate an infant's needs. Our
          bunkers are overcrowded so you will
          have to build new ones.
          He looks out over the sea of expectant faces.




          ...This is the one place in all of
          Belorussia where a Jew can be free.
          
          We will make again, here in this
          forest, the life that was taken
          from you. We welcome you into our
          community.








           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 66.


          when Riva stops him.


          You are Tuvia Bielski? You are
          really him?
          (Tuvia nods


          You are a hero. A Maccabee.
          She vigorously shakes Tuvia's hand and walks away. Tuvia
          catches his reflection in the water. And likes it.




          Lilka awakens to find TEN WOMEN wedged in beside her --
          back to front -- like spoons.
          Idly, she begins to ITCH her scalp. Then her leg. In the
          pale morning light she sees that she is crawling with lice.
          She SCREAMS. The women around her wake up, terrified.


          Get them off! Get them off me!


          What? Where?








          Lice need somewhere to sleep, too.
          The others LAUGH, but Lilka is on the verge of hysteria.
          She stumbles out, stepping on several others as she goes.


          Crying, she tears at her clothes -- only to discover Tuvia
          and OTHERS staring at her with interest. She is mortified.


          THE WOMEN wash clothes in the stream. Lilka is by the
          riverbank, scrubbing furiously. Tamara works beside her.


          You get rid of them quicker if you
          boil them.










          CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 66A.


          Lilka is grateful for this bit of camp wisdom.


          Tamara, come on in, it's freezing
          and slimy and horrible.
          Tamara shakes her head, no.


          So modest...


          ... So last night I dreamed I was
          taking a real bath. With hot water.


          And soap.










           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 66B.




          And bubbles.


          Oh, take me to that dream!


          I was dreaming of shoes...


          Shoes, Riva?


          There was a man in a shop on Grudek
          street... and the way he caressed
          my feet when I tried on his shoes...
          Riva swoons. The women burst into ribald laughter. The
          SOUND of a horse. They look to the opposite bank where:
          TUVIA RIDES BY on his horse. Lilka can't help but stare.


          Doesn't take a fortune teller to
          know what Lilka's dreaming about...
           Lilka blushes furiously. The women laugh even louder.




          Gramov shows Zus how to plant a disk-like CONTACT MINE.


          --buried underneath with this


          (indicates a finger-
          like protrusion)
          --almost touching the rail. As the
          train passes, its weight causes
          pressure on the detonator, and then--
          


          Zus falls over, startled. Gramov laughs. Partisan humor.








           DOUBLE YELLOW Revision - 10-8-07 67.


          Chaya is on kitchen detail with Tamara.


          Yesterday, potatoes with beets,
          Today, beets with potatoes. Special
          treat tomorrow...potato soup. With
          beets.
          Not far away, Arkady and several others have created a
          primitive still -- turning potatoes into vodka.


          We love potatoes, don't we, boys!
          Here, put some hair on your chest!
          They give Aron his first taste.


          Bella is walking, arm in arm, with Asael.


          So...a little bird told me that a
          certain someone is waiting...for
          another certain someone to ask a
          certain question... Go on...
          She indicates Chaya by wiggling her eyebrows in her
          direction. Asael shakes his head but heads in that
          direction.


          Asael "happens" to bump into Chaya.


          Hello, Chaya.


          Hello, Asael.


          May...I help you?


          Wash clothes? I... don't think so.
          An awkward moment as he stands there watching her.


          Chaya... I...was...wondering...if...
          maybe...you...I mean... you and I--










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 67A.




          I accept.


          You do?


          I do.


          Asael and Chaya are getting married. A LIGHT SNOW is falling
          as they say repeat their vows as Shimon instructs. Their
          breath condenses in the cold.


          Behold thou art consecrated unto me
          by this ring according to the Laws
          of Moses and Israel.
          But rather than a ring, Asael gives her a shiny new rifle.
          As the ceremony continues, we:


          Zus, Ben Zion and several BIELSKI FIGHTERS hide alongside
          TEN RUSSIAN PARTISANS as a GERMAN TROOP TRUCK approaches.
          Pachenko watches as Zus follows the approaching truck through
          binoculars, then cocks the heavy machine gun.
          The truck SLOWS TO A CRAWL as it encounters an overturned
          PEASANT CART blocking the road.


          As Asael kisses the bride, Tuvia is staring not at the
          newlyweds but rather at Lilka, who has washed and let down
          her hair. She glances up and meets his eye, then looks
          away.
          As Asael crushes the traditional glass underfoot:


          The driver SLUMPS over the wheel and the truck careens lazily
          off the road.
          GERMAN SOLDIERS spill out, blindly returning fire as Zus's
          fighters SWARM down the hill. Several are HIT right away.




          People dance and sing, their joy juxtaposed with the
          murderous intensity of the firefight, their twirling
          movements a cracked mirror of the death agonies of fighters
          of both sides as they are hit and fall.










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 67B.


          Some of the inexperienced Jewish fighters freeze, some fire
          their weapons blindly. Ben Zion does well. ZUS RUNS AMONG
          THEM, fiercely EXHORTING them to attack.


          Get up! Move! SHOOT OR I'LL SHOOT




          Viktor watches, heartened by Zus' natural aggression.
          GERMAN SOLDIERS TAKE COVER behind the overturned truck
          effectively RETURNING FIRE. Several partisans are KILLED.
          ZUS PULLS A POTATO MASHER GRENADE from his belt and RUNS AT
          THE TRUCK in a mad headlong assault.




          He ROLLS THE GRENADE under the truck and dives away as it
          EXPLODES. The remaining Germans RAISE THEIR HANDS.
          CHEERING PARTISANS leap into the truck, capturing an arsenal
          of rifles and ammo. THE JEWISH FIGHTERS join in the looting.
          Boots, coats, blankets, etc.
          Zus approaches the wounded and captured German prisoners,
          kneeling in surrender, hands behind their necks.
          Without hesitation, he shoots them, point-blank, one after
          another.
          VIKTOR approaches Zus, who salutes.


          You are related to Bielski?


          I am a Bielski, too.
          Viktor looks at him appraisingly.


          Indeed.
          He walks away. Zus has found a home.


           as SNOW continues to fall. The young marriage is a
           celebration of hope over despair.
















           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 68.










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 69.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 70.


          SNOW covers the camp. A driving wind. Bundled in scarves,
          overcoats and as many layers as they can wear, Bella and
          Chaya break ice in a pot. Tamara takes FROZEN LAUNDRY from
          a line.
          In a bunker, Malbin and Shimon shiver under a shared blanket.
          Women and children stare blankly into space.
          Riva unwraps rags from a man's foot and examines his toes,
          BLACK with frostbite.
          Asael and Tuvia are making their rounds. They pass Aron
          and Rachel who have built a snowman which they top off by
          adding a German helmet with a bullet hole in it.


          Asael shows Tuvia the last few potatoes.


          There is talk of returning to the 
          ghetto.


          Madness.


          They've barely eaten in days. Even
          when our food missions manage to
          get through, there are armed patrols.
          Farmers who once helped us now guard
          their barns with shotguns.
          Tuvia considers for a moment.


          Send out more missions. And bring
          shotguns.
          Tuvia sets off. In every face he passes, there's misery
          and accusation in the shivering bodies and trembling blue
          lips. Children stare at him with sunken, haunted eyes.


           Tuvia visits his beautiful horse. He unties him.


           A whisper runs through the group..."meat"..."what kind?"..."
           Where'd it come from?"
           Tuvia watches them eat hungrily.










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 71.








          Snow falling outside. Several partisans are singing. Zus
          is drinking heavily with Viktor; they take pinches of salt
          with each swallow. Viktor finishes a bottle, tosses it.


          Another dead soldier!
          Zus looks at him, bleary-eyed, confused. Viktor explains:


          More dead soldiers than empty
          bottles.


          
          That is so...Russian.
          He cracks open another bottle and takes a big slug.


          At least you drink like one.


          'A Jew can't drink, a Jew can't
          fight.' What is it we are good at,
          Viktor? Dying. That is what we
          are good at.


          So tell me about this brother of
          yours...


          .Asael?


          You are such an idiot.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 71A.




          I know who you mean... The Great
          Tuvia Bielski. Savior of the Jews
          and all around Big Shit.


          You compete with him.


          He competes with me.


          My older brother and I have the
          same relationship.


          He is a Big Shit also?


          A soldier.
          
          He was killed in the first hour of
          the German invasion.
          This sobers them up a bit.


          LILKA is shivering, her eyes inward and unfocused.


          Lilka?


          Sorry, Tuvia. I was...thinking.
          It's nothing.
          He looks at her intently, knowing there's more.


          ...Every time new people come into
          camp, I keep hoping... even though,
          I know...
          (her teeth are


          ...I'm sorry.


          Everyone here has lost someone.
          She looks up at him, helpless to be so revealed.


          You too?


          
          Here...
          He takes off his wool coat and puts it around her shoulders.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 71B.




          No. Today I go on my first food
          mission.
          Tuvia's order has consigned her to this dangerous duty.


          I will have Asael send someone else.


          No. I must go now. I want to go.
          She is clearly scared but desperate not to show it. He
          reaches into his belt and hands her a revolver.


          You know how to use this?
          She nods. Leaving, she passes the Lubczanski brothers, who
          are on their way in.








           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 72.




          She is a tasty one, your aristocrat.


          She is not my aristocrat.


          No? We were told, 'hands off,'
          property of the Commander.
          Tuvia just stares, daring him to continue.


          Tuvia walks past the now-empty stable heading into the woods.
          A voice calls out of the misty snow.






          Lazar. I am coming from camp. The
          danger is from those coming to camp.




          Sorry, Tuvia...










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 73.




          No sign of the food mission?


          Not yet.
          Tuvia looks anxiously into the deep woods.


          Lilka and Shulman are walking backwards, retracing their
          steps to obscure their footprints in the drifting snow.


          We mustn't have any tracks leading
          back to base.
          He loads two sacks of food onto her shoulders.


          Stay on this side of the creek until
          you reach the river then up the
          hill.
          
          I'll wait here for the others.
          She nods and trudges on toward camp through waist-deep snow.


          As they head toward a zemylanka, Riva is briefing Tuvia on
          the sick. Every now and then, he glances toward the woods.


          --several cases of pneumonia...
          Also I'm beginning to see signs of
          scurvy. No one's had a vegetable
          in weeks.


          Tuvia!
          Lazar is dragging a WOUNDED MAN back into camp.


          Bring him to the infirmary.
          Tuvia glances back toward the woods. Looks at his watch.


          ...Shulman will look after her.
          He looks up. She looks at him sympathetically. Apparently
           his interest in Lilka isn' quite as secret as he imagines. 


          Exhausted, cold and alone, Lilka is becoming increasingly
          disoriented in a snowy landscape where every tree looks










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 73A.


          alike. She turns in a circle, trying to decide which way
          to go.
          A MANGY DOG appears out of nowhere, its coat matted, its
          ribs showing, a wild look in its eye. It GROWLS ferociously.


          Shoo-- Shoo--










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 74.


          But the dog, as ravenous as she, smells the food and won't
          back down. It inches forward, FOAMING at the mouth.
          Lilka tries to step back but the dog LUNGES, snapping its
          jaws. It's terrifying. She looks desperately for help.
          Suddenly the dog LEAPS at her. She turns away and it rips
          a sack from her shoulder, knocking her down. Viciously it
          begins tearing the sack apart in search of the food within.
          A SHOT RINGS OUT. The dog drops.
          Lilka holds the smoking gun in two hands. Grimly, she pockets
          the weapon, picks up the sack of food, and starts off.
          Reconsidering, she walks back and hoists the dead dog onto
          her shoulder, too. More food.


          Riva bandages Edjelman's head. Tuvia looks at all the sick.


          What's wrong with them all?


          If it's typhus we're in trouble.
          The lice are carriers.


          The partisans have ampicillin. But
          they say they need it for themselves.
          In the background Lilka enters, face scratched, blood smeared
          hands and arms -- like some kind of primitive huntress.


          
          Tuvia...


          Medicine for typhus. I heard you.
          I'll go see Viktor right away.
          On his way out, he passes Lilka, who is being looked after.


          Are you all right?


          Fine.
          
          Thank you.
          Tuvia can clearly see that she is shaken -- but he has no
          time to ask more. He has to find out about the medicine.


          I must go.








           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 75.




          Viktor, Gramov and Zus are poring over a map of the area.


          --and every time we try to move,
          they radio back to police HQ which
          houses the transmitter...here.


          --So we attack the transmitter.


          Yes, yes, my Hebrew warrior. Except
          for the troops in Stankiewcze and
          the machine guns out front.
          THE TENT FLAP OPENS. Tuvia enters. He has developed a cough.


          Two Bielski's in one room! To what
          do we owe this honor?


          We have sickness. I need ampicillin.


          This medicine is reserved for
          fighters.


          If typhus breaks out in our camp,
          it may spread to yours.


          I will have to take that chance.
          Zus looks from one immovable force to the other.


          I must insist. Comrade.


          You'd better not.
          Zus is watching this dick-measuring with keen interest.


          There would be medicine in the police
          headquarters at Stankiewcze, yes?










           BLUE Revision - 6-26-07 76.


          He looks to Gramov, who looks to Viktor, who nods.


          Tuvia and I grew up there.
          
          Perhaps the Bielski otriad will
          volunteer to take out the
          transmitter.
          Viktor looks from Zus to Tuvia.


          Of course.
          Zus grabs his submachine gun.


           Krensky, Ben Zion. Let's go.




          is quiet at midnight on this snowy evening.


          Tuvia and Zus sit in the cab of an old truck, its exhaust
          sending plumes of condensation into the freezing night.


          Well...
          He looks into the back where the others wait, anxiously
          clutching their weapons. Tuvia tries to hold back a cough.


          Stay with the truck. And make sure
          it's in gear when we get back.


          I'm going in with you.


          I give the orders tonight.
          Across the square, the police station looms.


          You don't have to do this.


          I don't?
          
          What about the typhus?










           PINK Revision - 7-18-07 77.




          So more die. They will anyway.
          A grim smile from Zus. Tuvia is broken up inside.


          I have been given this mission by
          my superior officer.
          He starts to get out the cab. Tuvia reaches into his pocket,
          takes out the mezuzah that once blessed their parents' home.


          Zus...
          
          For luck.
          Zuz pockets it and joins the others creeping into the
          shadows.
          But rather than follow them into the police station, we
          HOLD on Tuvia's face. Suddenly we HEAR The sound of gunfire.
          Then nothing. Ten seconds. More gunfire. Twenty. It is
          excruciating. Thirty. The longest CLOSE-UP in film history.


          Ben Zion bursts in and opens fire, killing two policemen.
          Krensky jumps the counter and smashes the transmitter.
          A policeman appears behind them on the stairs and shoots
          Krensky in the back. Ben Zion whirls and kills him.




          Zus, meanwhile, rummages cabinets, looking for ampicillin.


          Let's GO!
          In the back room, Zus keeps rummaging. A window EXPLODES.
          Ben Zion is hit. Mortally wounded, he sinks to his knees,
          returning fire as Zus reappears.


          as Zus bursts out the door. He races to the truck and
          struggles into the passenger seat, BLEEDING FROM HIS




          Go. GO!


          What about the others?!










           PINK Revision - 7-18-07 77A.








          From his coat Zus takes out a BLOOD-SOAKED PACKAGE.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 78.




          Medicine.


          The others?


          Fighters die so that malbushim may
          live, that's what you believe, yes?
          Tuvia absorbs the accusation as if taking a punch.


          So you're a communist now, Zus?
          Zus lays his head back on the seat, closes his eyes.


          Communist, Zionist, Manicurist,
          what difference does it make? You
          got your medicine.


          Come back to us.
          Zus won't look at him.


          You are my brother.


          So you remember.




          for Ben Zion and Krensky. Shimon addresses the group.


          Merciful God, we commit our friends
          Ben Zion and Krensky to your care.
          We have no more prayers, no more
          tears. We have run out of blood.
          Choose another people
          We PAN PAST the familiar faces.


          We have paid for each of your
          Commandments. We have covered every
          field and stone with ashes. Sanctify
          another land.
          
          Choose another people. Teach them
          the Deeds and the Prophecies. Grant
          us but one more blessing -- Take
          back the gift of our holiness.








           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 79.


          Tuvia is still drinking heavily. He is COUGHING STEADILY,
          his face sweaty with fever.
          The SOUND of angry voices from outside the bunker.


          Arkady Lubczanski has pulled a knife on Asael, who backs
          away, STUMBLING into a group of bystanders.


          Next time, I cut off your nose,
          pisher.
          Tuvia emerges from his bunker. He is weaving a bit and his
          words are slurred.


          Whassa problem, Arkady?


          Those who risk their lives to bring
          back food deserve a larger portion
          than those who risk nothing.


          Everyone gets the same portion.


          Not when you're serving, pisher. I
          see you digging to the bottom of
          the pot for your little forest cutie
          and her parents...


          She is my wife!


          Policy is...Same for all. If someone
          is stealing he'll face consequences.
          Asael is astonished that Tuvia would go against him in public
          and embarrassed by his public drunkenness.


          What consequences?
          Others are closely watching this test of Tuvia's authority.


          Reduced rations for one week.
          
          Both of you.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 80.








          


          Arkady is tempted to take him on. But he backs down.


          
          This matter is settled. Everybody
          back in line.
          People are staring at him.






          His eyes meet Lilka's. She looks away. Asael takes Tuvia's
          arm and pulls him aside.


          Tuvia, I would never--


          Yes. I know.


          Then why am I to be punished...?
          Tuvia just takes another swallow from his bottle.


          Fischer is with them. So is Levine.
          On food missions, they take first
          for themselves and only bring back
          what's left over--
          Tuvia's head is throbbing. He closes his eyes.


          --and they spread rumors, that you
          are power-hungry and corrupt, that
          you take whatever woman you choose--
          (Tuvia can't help
          but laugh)
          --that we keep gold for ourselves,
          and that--
          He stops himself.


          --What?










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 81.




          ...that you drink too much and are
          no longer fit to lead us.


          .Maybe they're right.
          Asael looks at him. No longer the brother he once idealized.


          Zus would have punched him senseless.


          Zus.


          I miss him.


          He has made his choice.
           He reels away toward the woods.




          Tuvia is lying in his bunker, vomiting and burning up with
          fever. Shimon has brought him soup.


          Drink this.


          From the bottom of the pot.
          Tuvia can barely get the soup down.


          ...the way they look at me... with
          their pasty faces. Let them starve,
          we're all going to die out here
          anyway.


          Not easy being the big boss. Moses
          was a lonely man when he led us out
          of bondage.


          ...Moses.


          So I'm a sucker for a biblical
          allusion. But what is society
          without leaders. Without leaders,
          we falter.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 81A.




          I am not a leader.


          Neither was Moses, but somehow that
          seemed to work out.




          Several partisans are singing a drinking song while Zus
          silently soaks his feet in a bucket. Lova walks in. His
          face is black and blue.


          Lova, what happened? Who did this?
          Lova sits and buries his head in his hands.


          Lova. Tell me. Who?


          Gramov. Two others. I used the
          officer's latrine.


          For this they beat you?
          Lova is trying not to weep.


          They said they wouldn't shit in the
          same hole as a Jew.
          Zus gets to his feet.





          Zus bursts in to find Panchenko deep in conversation with
          Gramov and others. They look up at the intrusion.


          Forgive me, Commander.


          Zus. Join us.
          He offers him a glass of vodka. Zus doesn't take it.


          I want to report the mistreatment
          of a comrade.
          Gramov looks up. Zus meets his eye.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 81B.




          This man beat Comrade Lova -- for
          no reason at all.


          I had a perfectly good reason. He
          is a Jew.
          The other men LAUGH. Panchenko frowns at Gramov.


          --and you are an ignorant Tartar.
          
          Ignore him. Here...


          Anti-semitism is a violation of
          Party discipline.
          Panchenko sighs. Does he really have to deal with this?


          He's right, Gramov. Apologize to
          the Jew.


          I apologize, Jew.


          There. You see?
          
          Now drink up.
          Zus doesn't know what to do. He accepts the vodka.



           Guards ring the snowy perimeter.




          as it swims into focus. Tuvia opens his eyes. It is Lilka.
          She sits beside him, mopping his forehead with a cool rag.


          Your fever broke in the night. The
          medicine helped.


          How long was I asleep?


          Two days.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 81C-83.




          And you've nursed me the whole time?


          Chaya helped.


          Did you study nursing at university?


          We devoted ourselves to more
          essential knowledge -- like Greek
          Philosophy and Latin.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 84.




          I never went to university.


          What kind of work did you do?
          Before.


          My wife's father had a store. Before
          the Race Laws.
          
          She is is dead.


          I'm sorry.


          Tell me more about university.


          It all feels like a dream. I spent
          months trying to master Chopin's
          nocturnes.


          I'd love to hear you play.


          You know Chopin?


          Who doesn't? Chopin the butcher
          from Novogrudok.




          If you're well enough to tease me,
          you're well enough to eat. I'll
          see what's for supper.
          She gets up to go.


          Thank you, Lilka.


          THE LUBCZANSKI'S have taken the fullest advantage of Tuvia's
          illness. There are now TWO LINES of people waiting for
          food.
          The malbushim line up like prison inmates. Lazar looks into
          his bowl -- two beans floating in a scummy broth.


          Motl, Arkady, Fischer, Levine and a few others are enjoying
          real food. Lazar calls out from the other line.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 85.




          Hey, Arkady This isn't soup, it's
          piss.


          I will piss on your head and you 
          will say it's raining. Eat it. 
          The rest of Lubczanski's cabal laughs.
          TUVIA emerges from his bunker. The first thing he sees is
          Asael, whose face is BATTERED AND SWOLLEN.


          What happened?
          Asael just looks over at the food line -- where Arkady has
          grabbed Chaya by the waist -- to the delight of the others.
          Tuvia strides over to them.


          What is this?


          New policy. Fighters get better
          food.


          Against my orders...


          You are no longer Commander. Sorry.
          Tuvia nods, considering his remark for a moment.


          He then turns the gun on Motl and the others -- they
          literally cower in fear. He raises his voice to those
          watching.


          As long as I am the leader of this
          group, you will obey my commands. 






          THEY LEAVE. NOW! The rest work. 
          Every morning we get up and we work. 
          WE WORK. In the snow and the cold 
          and the dark. Tomorrow we begin to 
          build ten new zemylanka, we double 
          the number of food missions. 
          ...We work.
          
          Take his body into the woods and
          leave it for the wolves.
          He turns and walks away. As he passes the food lines, people
          subtly move out of his way and whisper after he is gone.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 85A.


          Whereas once he was greeted warmly by all, now his isolation
          is complete. 
          He is the Commander.








           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 86.


          Tripping over roots, and finally leaning against a tree, he
          is mumbling, almost incoherent -- part prayer, part
          profanity.






           struggles through patches of snow. Ice drips from branches.




          Takes a group portrait. The forest is green again.


          on the women's bodies as they bathe in the river.


          Who has the soap? I know there was
          a little left?


          Use the sand. It's good for your
          skin.


          And what skin! And already married,
          too!
          Bella laughs. Chaya splashes her playfully with water.


          I've turned into a skeleton.


          And you were always so worried about
          staying slim.


          When we get out of this forest I am
          going to eat only cake and grow as
          big as a house.
          Tamara appears. She's wearing a long overcoat.


          Join us. At least the sun is warm.
          (Tamara turns away;
          Lilka joins her)
          Tamara?


          I can't, Lilka...
          
          I'm pregnant.










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 86A.




          I had no idea.


          I've kept it hidden for months but
          now it's obvious. No one can know.
          They move away from the others. Tamara shows her.


          It could come any day.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 87.




          ..Who is the father?


          I--- It was when I was escaping. A
          man with a gun stopped me. I thought
          he was a Partisan. He told me to
          follow him and he took me to this
          place...
          The memory overwhelms her. She begins to break down.


          Inside me something broke....I wanted
          to die. Every night I have
          nightmares -- what will happen when
          Tuvia finds out.


          He will understand.


          No. You mustn't tell him!


          I won't. Don't worry.
          
          What are you going to do?
          Tamara's eyes fill with a new resolve.


          I feel this new life inside me.
          It's the only thing keeping me going.
          I won't give it up, I'll kill myself.
          Lilka puts her arm around her.


          From his belt hang the pelts of two dead rabbits.
          He hears A SOUND. Three GERMAN SOLDIERS are putting
          camouflage on their helmets. Beyond, A GERMAN ARMORED
          COLUMN. The assault is coming.




          where Shimon and Malbin are playing chess. Shimon has
          developed a bad cough.


          You call that a move?


          I call it an inevitable conclusion
          based on unimpeachable reasoning.












           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 A87.




          The question, my friend the Genius,
          is what are you going to do about
          it.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 87A.




          I'm thinking about what I'm going
          to do about it.


          Aha! I got him!


          You didn't get me. You think you
          got me? How about this?




          Who would make a move like that?


          A genius maybe.
          Tuvia has been listening nearby. Aron races into the camp.


          Tuvia...
          We SEE Aron whispering in Tuvia's ear.










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 88.




          
          Asael!
          Asael comes running.


          Get a message to Zus. He's got to
          tell Viktor they're coming.







          Tuvia stands peering out into the forest. Asael joins him.


          Lazar spotted another patrol.
          They're getting closer.
          Tuvia nods. Suddenly, he HEARS a strange sound. An animal?


          Do you hear that?


          We HEAR the SOUND for what it is... The cry of a newborn.
          A baby boy in this mud manger. Riva and Lilka have assisted.
          Tamara holds her new baby to her breast.
          Suddenly -- the blanket serving as a door is SWEPT ASIDE.
          TUVIA stands there. Tamara cries out and shields the baby.
          Lilka springs up and pushes him back outside.


          Tuvia walks angrily. Lilka keeps up.


          She promises not to take extra
          food...


          This is against my orders.


          So you are going to shoot her, too?
          Tuvia stares at her. He has never seen this side of her.


          Please, Tuvia. The baby is all she
          has to live for.


          I cannot allow it.
          He turns away.










           DOUBLE SALMON Revision - 10-21-07 88A.


          Lilka SPINS him around, surprising him with her strength
          and the strength of her passion.










           PINK Revision - 7-18-07 89.




          You must let it live!


          I cannot keep the living alive.
          Tamara and the man who fathered
          this child are responsible for its
          fate.


          She was raped by the Nazis.
          Tuvia closes his eyes. He is tired of being in charge,
          tired of being the arbiter of other peoples' fate.


          ...You tell us to hold onto our
          humanity. Not to become like
          animals. What better way than by
          bringing a life into this world of
          suffering and death. It's our only
          hope.
          Tuvia is undone by her intensity. The very nearness of
          her. The smell of her newly-washed hair. The glow of her
          skin.
          He looks at her. And nods in surrender.


          Thank you, Tuvia.
          She kisses him. A chaste kiss of gratitude.
          She pulls back and they look into each other's eyes.
          The next kiss is something entirely different.


          Lilka...


          I knew what was expected of the
          women here -- yet you never touched
          me...


          Shhh..


          I'm not afraid of anything, Tuvia.
          I'm not even afraid of you.
          They kiss deeply.


          Lilka lies in his arms.










           DOUBLE GOLDENROD Revision - 10-21-07 90.




          The Germans are coming into the
          forest. I don't know what is going
          to become of us.


          It doesn't matter. If I had stayed
          in the ghetto I'd be dead. You
          saved my life.


          No. You have saved mine.
          He reaches for her but before they can begin to make love
          again-- THE BLANKET DOOR IS PUSHED ASIDE. Malbin is there.


          Oh... ..I..... Hello, Lilka.


          Hello, Asael.


          Yes?


          We've caught one.




          is led into the clearing. He wears the same uniform as
          those who marched the villagers into the forest for
          execution.


          He's a scout.


          They're coming for us.
          Group members have begun to gather around him. They begin
          to hurl insults -- schtik drek, paskudnyak -- as the hapless
          man is pushed to his knees.


          We found this in his pouch.
          He hands Tuvia a sheaf of documents -- including a map.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 91.




          Entrance points, wetlands, obstacles.
          
          You read this.


          
          They've assigned an entire division
          to surround the forest.
          A tidal wave is coming.


          Don't they have a war to fight?


          
          Assault begins in two days.
          Passover. How fitting.
          Meanwhile, some of the group have begun TORMENTING the man.


          Monster!
          He kicks him in the head.


          Bulvan!
          Shulman PUNCHES him in the face.


          Bitte....Bitte...


          
          Did you reach Viktor?


          He's on his way.
          The tormenting of the poor courier is gaining intensity.




          The German lets loose a torrent of pleading.


          Ich habe frau und kinder!


          He says he has a wife and children.
          Lazar picks up a stick. The German tries to crawl away;
          the crowd blocks his escape, pushing him back into the
          center.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 91A.




          So did I!


          If you let him go, he will lead
          them back here.
          Tuvia looks at Malbin. What to do?










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 92.




          Ask if he'll promise not to reveal
          our location.
          Shimon translates.


          Sie mussen versprechen nicht zu
          sagan wo wir sind.
          The man looks up at him, pleadingly.


          Nein....Nein...


          He'll say anything.
          He breaks the stick across the man's back.


          We want justice...


          Justice...
          Soon it is a chant: "Justice! .Justice!" Tuvia looks at
          their faces. Only months ago they were decorous, civilized.
          Now they are hungry, almost feral. Murderous.
          Bella has been silently watching. She steps into the circle,
          looks down at the terrified German man.


          My son's name was David. David
          Kagan.
          We SEE now that she is holding a sharpened hoe.


          He was fifteen. He had blue eyes.
          She raises it above her head.


          He played the piano.
          She swings with all her might. The others watch with a mix
          of thrilled horror and perverse delight. A line has been
          crossed. Riva steps forward, holding a large shovel.


          My sister's name was Ellie...
          As she swings the shovel, the CAMERA begins to back away.
          Miriam steps forward, carrying a large rock.


          My husband was Meyer...
          The group closes in, obscuring our view of the body. Aron
          can't take any more. He runs off into the woods.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 A92.




           My parents, Sol and Raya.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 92A.




          For my daughter, Sonya.


          For my mother.


          My sister.


          My whole family.




          Tuvia closes his eyes. He has done nothing to stop it.
          Asael looks at Malbin and Shimon. They are undone by what
          they have witnessed. Tuvia walks away.
          Behind them, the group separates -- staring at the lifeless
          body on the ground. And then they look at each other, their
          blood lust sated, beginning to reckon with what they have
          done. What they have become.


          He sees Aron, squatting beside a tree, crying silently.
          Tuvia kneels beside him, cradling him.


          Reeboynoy shel oylum... Lord of the
          Universe. We have done unspeakable
          things yet still I seek your mercy...
          He HEARS something. Malbin waits at the edge of the forest.
          His face is drawn and pale from what has just happened.










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 93.




           Viktor is here.




          are waiting in the clearing. Tuvia approaches. He and Zus
          nod to each other but do not speak. It is excruciating.
          Tuvia and Viktor walk into the woods. Zus waits with other
          BODYGUARDS as Asael joins them. Zus wears a Nazi jacket.


          He doesn't look good.


          I could say the same about you.
          Where'd you get the jacket?


          Let's just say the former owner no
          longer had need of it.
          Zus winks. The other bodyguards stare impassively.


          Embrace me.
          Asael looks confused for a moment, then embraces him.




          Hide this.
          (shoves a revolver
          into his pocket)
          Wolnicky stores ammunition for us
          in his barn. There's no guard.
          He slaps Asael fondly on the cheek and rejoins his comrades.


          sit on a downed tree and converse in Russian, with subtitles:


          You found these on the prisoner?
          Tuvia nods. Viktor studies the scout's documents. Tisking.


          We can't fight an entire division.


          The battle on the Eastern Front has
          begun. The more troops we engage
          here, the fewer they have to attack
          the Motherland.










           DOUBLE GREEN Revision - 10-14-07 93A.




          We've done our part for the
          Motherland.










           BUFF Revision - 9-2-07 94.




          My orders are to take command of
          all partisan operations. You will
          bring the rest of your fighters to
          me.


          And the others? Old people, women
          and children.


          In war there are casualties.


          And if I refuse?


          You are officially a deserter. Do
          you know the policy on dealing with
          deserters?
          Viktor unfolds a paper flyer from his pocket.


          ...The Germans are offering fifty
          thousand marks for information
          leading to your capture.
          
          Not a very flattering likeness.
          Too Jewish.
          Viktor rejoins his bodyguards, turns back for a last word.


          Have your men in my camp by tonight.
          He walks off. Asael takes the wanted poster from Tuvia.


          I wouldn't show this around. There
          are some who'd turn you in for less.




          Down below, Viktor and the Russian partisans have struck
          their tents and hidden beneath the sheltering trees.
          Viktor's gaze follows the plane. He gives an order into a
          field radio. Zus has been listening.










           SALMON Revision - 8-19-07 95.




          You want them to find Tuvia's camp.
          Viktor just looks at him.


          You're deliberately sacrificing
          them so we can remain safe?


          No. So we can keep fighting.
          Everyone must sacrifice in the
          struggle.


          Those are my brothers.


          I am your brother! He is your
          brother! Comrade Zus. Your Jewish
          sentimentality is heart-warming,
          but counter-revolutionary.
          Zus has secretly known he would hear these words. He grips
          his rifle but holds his tongue.




          Tuvia stares up at it. Have they been spotted?
          Shimon is sitting nearby with a group of children. He looks
          pale. His cough is worse. He is very ill.


          ...but the children of Israel were
          afraid to leave Egypt. Until Moses
          said, 'Do not trust in me, trust in
          God.' He will take care of you'
          
          And so tomorrow we celebrate the
          Passover by sitting around and
          arguing just as we have done for
          centuries.
          Tuvia stares at them, a curious expression on his face.
          Malbin comes to stand beside him.


          
          Did it see us?










           PINK Revision - 7-18-07 96.




          Tomorrow is Passover. Yes?


          ...How should I know?


          Moses. The Exodus.
          Malbin doesn't get it at first.


          --He left before Pharaoh could stop
          them.
          Now Malbin understands. He looks at Shimon.


          You want to move them all? The
          old, the sick. They'll never make
          it.
          It isn't the first time Tuvia has consigned people to their
          death, and apparently it won't be the last.


          We leave now. Spread the word.


          is a blur of activity as everyone mobilizes for evacuation.
          Sacks and cooking equipment is tied onto impromptu packs.
          Asael and Malbin coax the older people into motion--


          Come, tateh--


          But my tools--
          The SOUND of approaching aircraft. Tuvia searches the sky.
          Riva pairs each of the elderly with a child. Tamara tucks
          her newborn under her coat.
          The SOUND of the approaching aircraft grows LOUDER. People
          look up, shielding their eyes. Then from out of the sun,
          two ominous silhouettes:








          panics the crowd.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 97.


          Some race into the forest; others are frozen. Tuvia grabs
          people and bodily drags them to cover.
          STRAFING 20MM CANNON chew up the ground.
          Several people are hit before they can reach cover. Lilka
          herds everyone she can into:


          where people crowd in like sardines. Chaya and Riva gather
          children around them. They hear the WHISTLE of an incoming
          shell....BOOM! Dirt from the roof rains down on them.


          Dirt and debris everywhere. AN INCENDIARY SHELL HITS high
          in a tree. Its branches burst into flame.
          An hysterical woman leaps out of a bunker and is BLOWN APART.


          Zus listens helplessly to the distant sound of bombs dropping
          on his brothers.


          It explodes into a million pieces. Wood shrapnel everywhere.
          Where once was a bunker, now there is only a gaping crater.
          Tuvia races into the maelstrom to help the wounded.


          He tries to clear his head but he cannot focus. ALL SOUND
          FADES AWAY to be replaced by a high-pitched hum.


          Falling dirt and debris, tumbling bodies, exploding bunkers --
          a surreal effect.


          Cowering in safety, Malbin sees Tuvia lying in the open and
          gathers his courage -- RACING through danger to his side.


          Are you alright?
          Tuvia shakes his head, points to his ears. He cannot hear.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 98.






          When Tuvia speaks, his WORDS sound DULL and MUFFLED.












          Malbin looks around, panicked. Asael appears out of the
          smoke, yells at Malbin above the din.


          Get them out of the bunkers!
          Malbin runs off. Asael helps Tuvia to his feet. A nearby
          explosion SHOWERS THEM with dirt as they CRAWL to safety.
          The world RAMPS BACK TO NORMAL SPEED at a dizzying rate.


          We need to hold them off...until
          the rest are safe.
          Tuvia still can't hear. Asael pantomimes firing a rifle.




          Tuvia nods, trying to clear the buzzing in his head.






          With Levine and Miriam... There.
          
          Lazar, Rosa, and Schmuel. There
          and there.
          
          And me.
          Tuvia shakes his head, no.


          Yes.
          He runs off. Still clearing his head, Tuvia regains his
          footing -- suddenly realizing the the bombing has stopped.








           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 98A.


          Malbin appears, eyes wild.


          Everybody out! Now!
          But the group's natural reaction is to stay huddled in safety










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 99.






          This gets the job done. People begin to crawl out.


          YOUNG PEOPLE holding hands with OLD, PARENTS with CHILDREN
          on their backs. Tuvia urges Lilka and Bella to hurry them
          into the woods.


          take up their assigned positions: Levine mans the heavy
          machine gun behind a log; Lazar, Miriam and Rosa in the
          trees.
          Tuvia anxiously waits for the last of the women and children
          to disappear into the forest.


          Tuvia realizes the bombers have broken off their attack.
          He knows the ground troops will soon follow.
          He turns to Asael, grabbing his shoulders.


          Don't try to fight... Just slow
          them down. Then join us.
          Asael nods. No need for more words. They embrace fiercely.
          Asael pushes Chaya toward Tuvia.


          Take her.
          She resists, clinging to his arm for a moment.


          Come.
          He forces her to join him and catch up to the others.


          is eerily quiet as the dust begins to settle. The defenders
          check their weapons with grim efficiency. They are no longer
          inept innocents; they have become warriors.


          Tuvia catches up with the fleeing group and urges them on.


          We study their faces. Beautiful in their stoic acceptance.










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 99A.


          SUDDENLY -- A FUSILLADE from the woods. Rosa falls dead.
          The defenders RETURN FIRE. Levine fires the machine gun;
          Miriam feeds the belt.


          Tuvia hears small arms fire. He knows what it means.








           BUFF Revision - 9-2-07 100.


          The rear guard action can't hold out for very long. Tree
          by tree, they begin to fall back.
          Asael fires blindly into the murky shadows. The SOUND of a
          man crying out.
          Then Levine is hit. Miriam pushes him out of the way and
          TAKES OVER. She expertly kills several assault troops who
          appear out of the woods.
          The rest of the attackers TAKE COVER.


          Malbin waits anxiously for Tuvia, clutching a map.


          (struggling to control
          his panic)
          This swamp here...goes...for miles.


          Show me.


          Lazar runs from tree to tree, keeping up a steady stream of
          fire. He is surprisingly brave. Until A GRENADE flies out
          of the woods and lands at his feet, killing him instantly.
          The Assault Troops have begun to outflank them. Asael is
          suddenly in jeopardy. Sara sees the danger.




          Miriam keeps their ATTACKERS pinned down as the two men
          race for new positions. Then she is hit. She keeps firing
          anyway, her finger locked on the trigger even as she is
          dying.
          More troops begin firing from their flank. Asael has no
          choice but to break off. They race into the woods.


          Tuvia hears the guns go silent. This, too, has meaning.


           Malbin stares at what lies ahead.


           Oh, my God...










           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 100A.




          Are the others back yet?
          (Malbin looks
          stricken; he shakes
          his head)
          ..Asael?
          Malbin shakes his head once more. Asael is not coming back.
          Chaya begins to weep. Riva comforts her.


          We've got to keep going!


          The Germans will be here any minute!


          
          Do we wait...a while?


          We could hide...


          I say, fight them here.


          Yes. Fight!


          That's crazy!
          Tuvia is in hell. If he waits for Asael, he risks them all
          being caught. Suddenly it all falls apart. Tuvia sinks to
          his knees as if his legs can no longer bear his weight.


          Tuvia--?
          Tuvia can't speak. He has no more answers. Nothing to
          say. He stares at the impenetrable swamp. The end of the
          line.
          The sudden vacuum of leadership is felt by them all. They
          stare at one another, anxious and rudderless.


          My father cannot make it.


          There are snakes--
          Tamara's newborn is crying. She tries to comfort it. An
          old woman stares at the swamp in terror.


          The children...


          We'll put them on our shoulders.










           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 100A1.




          Tuvia, what do we do?
          Oppenheim is petrified. Rona is crying.




          And still Tuvia is silent.
          More arguing. A general MURMUR of dread is rising.
          Malbin goes to kneel beside Shimon, who is covered in sweat --
          undone by the forced march.


          What's wrong with him?


          
          ...He... ..is... ..tired.
          Malbin hears something, looks up.


          They have been found. Lilka kneels beside Tuvia.










           TAN Revision - 9-10-07 100B.


          She takes his hand silently.




          He shakes his head.


          You have a weapon?
          She shows him her revolver. He checks the clip, then looks
          into her eyes.


          Use it on yourself before you let
          them take you.
          She nods gravely. Suddenly a VOICE interrupts.


          Why are we stopping?
          Everyone turns. It's Asael. Back from the dead. He hands
          off a wounded comrade to Riva's care.




          They're coming!
          
          Why aren't we moving?
          Tuvia looks up at him, lost. Almost helpless.


          We must keep going!


          In there?


          It is impossible!
          More murmuring. Asael raises his voice.


          Nothing is impossible! What we
          have done is impossible!
          The murmuring quiets.
          Asael meets Tuvia's eyes. He is literally willing his older
          brother to be strong for them, as he has been, time and
          again.


          God will not part these waters. We
          will do it ourselves.


          But how?










           GOLDENROD Revision - 8-16-07 100B1.




          Not by miracles. By our strength.












           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 100C.




          (turning to the man
          beside him)
          Take the rope from your pack.
          
          Now, you....give me your belt.


          We don't have enough rope.


          We'll link arms. Make a chain. A
          human chain.


          What are you talking about?
          Tuvia is deeply moved. His little brother has become a
          man. Once more, he finds his voice.


          Each person takes care of the other.
          
          .Give him your belt.
          Asael nods at Tuvia gratefully. The group is hushed,
          apprehensive. Then:


          Removes his belt and offers it to Asael.


          And then another. One by one they offer them. There is
          something quietly heroic in the gesture.
          Tuvia looks at the group, looks away, fighting back emotion.








          SALMON Revision - 8-18-07 100D-100E.


          People link arms and hold on for dear life yet still they
          flounder. A man goes under, is pulled up. A harrowing
          undertaking.


          People cling to it as they drag themselves, hand over hand.










          DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 101.




          No tracks on land. Get back in.
          It is almost impossible to make any progress. Especially
          when one is weak and malnourished.


          The mud sticks to their clothes, faces. Soon they are
          indistinguishable from their surroundings.
          When one person sinks in the muck, it takes three to get
          him back on his feet. The column slows.
          Tuvia gestures for them to keep moving. They can't.
          Literally cannot. He begins to physically push them on.
          Sometimes harshly. Eventually they are moving again.




          Gnarled bare trees shrouded in mist. They trudge forward,
          their expressions wan and empty. Tuvia find Malbin and
          pulls him aside.




          How much farther?
          Malbin shrugs his shoulders. Who knows...?


          Parents hoist children onto their shoulders, hold weapons
          overhead as they claw at tall reeds to propel themselves
          forward, step by tortuous step.
          SHIMON clings to a tree. His wracking cough is terrifying
          and he is deathly pale.


          Come...
          Shimon can't catch his breath, he just shakes his head, no.
          He can't go on. Tuvia half-drags, half-carries him onward.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 102.


          They rest, eat what little food is left. A litter carrying
          Shimon is deposited on dry ground. He is barely alive.


          Is he...?
          Tuvia shakes his head. It's only a matter of time. The
          Spotter Plane drones overhead.


          Take off your glasses. Reflections.
          Tuvia moves off to check on the others.


          Shimon, listen to me, the physical
          plane is just an illusion. Only
          the spiritual plane is real.


          
          No. The physical plane is where
          man acts to redeem himself.


          You've redeemed yourself enough,
          you should shut up now.


          Look who's talking about shutting
          up... I need to tell you something.


          
          What is it?


          You shouldn't think so much. The
          world around you is beautiful.


          
          This world?


          Even this one.
          Tuvia has come to sit beside Lilka. She leans into him.


          We're lost.


          No. ..No.
          She puts her arms around him.










           CHERRY Revision - 9-2-07 102A.


           They hold each other and drift off to sleep.




          sit around a campfire at the edge of the swamp.


          The LIGHTS of their fire can be seen flickering through the
          reeds as the ragged column MOVES SILENTLY past.


          Not a sound. Pass the word.
          We watch as the ORDER is passed down the line.
          Parents hold hands over their childrens' mouths. Shimon is
          carried on an improvised litter made of branches.




          Panchenko and a few others are on horseback. Behind them
          the rest of the Partisans are marching away.
          Zus and the Jewish fighters are on foot, awaiting orders.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 103.




          You will hold this crossroads until
          the brigade has completed its
          retreat.
          Zus looks around at the position.


          For how long?
          Panchenko's orders are never to be questioned.


          Until you are ordered to withdraw.


          And if we cannot hold the position?
          Panchenko looks at Gramov, who stands nearby cradling a
          submachine gun.


          Comrade Gramov will enforce
          discipline, if necessary.
          Gramov smiles. The implications are clear: nobody retreats.


          You have served us well, Comrade.


          
          I am so honored, Comrade.
          Panchenko wheels his horse and gallops off. Zus and his
          men take cover in the woods.
          In the distance we can HEAR the unmistakable SOUND of
          approaching armor. Lova kneels beside Zus.


          What are we doing here? Zus?
          Half a mile down the road, A TANK rumbles into view.


          Tell me. Who are we doing this
          for?
          With a shaking hand, Zus tries to light a Molotov cocktail
          but his matches are wet. He reaches into his pocket for
          more. Instead he finds the mezuzah that was once affixed to
          his family's door.
          As he stares at it, the SOUND of the approaching tank grows
          louder.










           YELLOW Revision - 7-30-07 103A-105.


          empties at last into a shallow river. On the opposite bank
          is dry land, and beyond, the deep forest. And safety.
          The bedraggled group makes their way across.












           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 106-106A.


          Asael pulls people up onto dry ground. They lie there,
          freezing and exhausted. Some cannot control their shivering.


          What's next...Sinai?
          Tuvia can't help but laugh. Soon they are all laughing.
          It ripples throughout the group. Joyous. Contagious. An
          overwhelming feeling of relief.
          They are safe.
          Tuvia lies on the ground. All the adrenaline has suddenly
          left his body. Then Aron appears, tugging at his sleeve.
          Shimon is asking for him.
          Tuvia kneels down beside his teacher, whose eyes are closed.
          Malbin is weeping quietly. Who will he argue with?


          
          .Tuvia...


          Right here.
          Shimon is at the end.


          ...Something...to say...


          Shhhh...


          ...no...please...
          
          I almost lost...my faith....but
          you...were sent..by God..to save
          us.


          Ridiculous.


          I know... ... But just...in case... .I
          thank....HIM... .and I thank you.
          He closes his eyes.
          It's too much for Tuvia. Hard as he tries, he cannot stop
          the tears from filling his eyes.










           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 107.


          Trees begin to FALL OVER -- as if pushed by a dinosaur.


          emerges onto the banks, less than a quarter-of-mile away.


          The menacing gun turning in their direction.


          THE TANK ROARS FIRE. The first round EXPLODES among them.
          Several are killed.


          Back to the river!
          He pushes people down. They cling to the banks, cowering.
          THOSE WITH WEAPONS take cover, using the embankment as if
          it were the lip of a trench.
          They RETURN FIRE -- old men, young women, even some children.


          behind the tank, using it as protection.
          Aron kills one. But the Germans are well-trained. They
          direct a withering fire -- forcing the partisans to keep
          their heads below the embankment.


          It turns its attentions on the riverbank -- its first round
          SAILS OVERHEAD, sending up a huge geyser of water.
          But the next round PLOWS INTO THE EARTH, tearing a huge
          chunk of earth and killing two of the brigade.
          TUVIA grabs a satchel and begins filling it with grenades.
          He throws the satchel over Malbin's head, grabs his arm and
          races, crouching low, beneath the lip of the riverbank.
          Asael provides covering fire. So do Lilka, Chaya and the
          women alongside the men.


          A stand of trees hides Tuvia from view as he climbs out of
          the river and heads into the forest. He pulls Malbin down
          just as A SQUAD OF GERMAN INFANTRY approaches and begins to
          set up a heavy machine gun.










           GREEN Revision - 8-8-07 107A.


          Tuvia POPS UP behind them, spraying them with his submachine
          gun. He then turns the heavy machine gun on the infantry
          advancing behind the tank -- to devastating effect.
          But now, the tank turns its attention to Tuvia. Its machine
          gun begins to chew up the forest, forcing Tuvia to take
          cover.
          Without pausing to think, Malbin grabs a grenade from the
          satchel and races toward the tank.
          It falls pitifully short, exploding harmlessly as Malbin is
          cut down.








           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 108.


          Bullets tear chunks out of trees as he tries to take cover.


          It is only a matter of moments before he is dead.


          Zus and the rest of Jewish fighters emerge, firing on the
          run. Without regard for his own life, Zus charges.
          The German infantry is caught in a cross-fire as the Bielski
          brigade climbs out the river, firing wildly.
          Zus guns down the tank commander manning the machine gun
          from the open hatch. Jumps onto the tank and DROPS A GRENADE
          inside. An EXPLOSION of BLACK SMOKE BILLOWS.
          Zus stands up amid the billowing smoke. He sees Tuvia who
          is staring back at him.


          Asael is the first to reach Tuvia, who is carrying the German
          assault machine gun.


          Only weapons and ammunition! Spread
          the word.
          Tuvia hands him the machine gun.


          Anything else?
          Tuvia looks at him. Is he fucking with him? Just a little.


          Go on.
          Lilka is carrying a small child.


          Lilka, please help. We've got to
          get the injured into the forest.


          What about the dead?


          Everybody gather your things! We
          have to get out of the open!
          Nearby, Aron removes the machine from the tank and hands it
          to Zus. Bella approaches. Zus embraces her.
          Tuvia seizes one of the German rifles. He yells to Shulman.


          Shulman! Weapons only! Tell them.










           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 108A.


          Shulman follows Tuvia's order.


          
          You've been promoted.
          Congratulations!
          Tuvia turns, sees Bella with Zus. They see him. Zus hands
          Bella the machine gun from the tank and approaches.


          Where is the rest of your unit?


          Good question.


          You are going back?


          No.
          They look at each other. So much unsaid. No time to say
          it.


          We've got to build a new camp.
          Zus nods.


          Perhaps you have room for one more?










           DOUBLE BLUE Revision - 9-17-07 109.


          Tuvia reaches out his arms and they embrace fiercely.


          They walk in silence. Lilka comes to walk beside him,
          resting her head on his shoulder as they walk.
          Tuvia looks up at the shafts of light slanting through the
          towering trees, as if allowing himself to appreciate its
          beauty for the first time.
          Suddenly, he stops, listening, puzzled.


          Don't you hear it?


          What...?


          Nothing. Isn't it beautiful?
          We HOLD on Tuvia. He has aged ten years in one.










           PINK Revision - 7-18-07 110.


          But for now he allows himself a brief moment of satisfaction.
          We might even see the ghost of a smile. But it is short-
          lived as Asael appears by his side and we see concern once
          again clouding his face. Another problem to attend to.
          And as THE CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL AWAY he is already hurrying
          to catch up with the others.
          As they all disappear from sight into the sheltering darkness
          of the woods, these words appear on screen:














          Park Avenue. Traffic. More words on screen:




          In the taxi, THE ELDERLY MAN thrusts his hand through the
          slot in the Plexiglas window separating him from the driver.


          Here is money. I can get more. So
          much more. Take it, please.


          No, no...
          Indeed, when the CABBIE speaks, though the voice is older
          and somewhat frail, we recognize it as Tuvia's.


          What else can I give you, do for
          you?


          Nothing, it isn't necessary.
          Tears stream down the elderly man's cheeks.


          We are alive because of you.
          
          My children. His children. So many.
          .Thousands.










           DOUBLE CHERRY Revision - 11-1-07 111.


          Behind them, HORNS are HONKING. This is New York City.


          Please, the traffic...


          Bless you, Tuvia Bielski. May the
          Lord bless you and keep you all the
          days of your life.




          Papa, who was that man?
          The Elderly Man watches the cab pull away, wiping his eyes.


          That wasn't a man. That was an
          angel.
          As the cab pulls away, the CAMERA CRANES UP until it is
          lost in an anonymous sea of traffic. These words appear on


















          www.vantageawards.com












