



if 
top.location.href=location.href








					 by

			      Jeb Stuart and David Twohy

















	Snow swirls around the tall buildings of downtown Chicago.



	Cars, taxis, limos line the street. A cab pulls up and MAN 
	in tuxedo moves into:



	THROUGH arriving guests we PICK UP the Man climbing stairs 
	to the ballroom.



	The Man hands his coat to coat check woman and thanks her. 
	When he turns we get our first view of DR. RICHARD KIMBLE, 
	a tall, athletic man, with a trim beard.

	He moves from the outer lobby into a fabulously decorated 
	ballroom where a fashion show is taking place as a medical
	fundraiser. Doctors and their spouses, hospital brass and 
	sponsors mingle. Women sit near the runway watching the 
	models. Men talk by the bar. The room is packed.

	A banner over the rostrum says: "CHILDREN'S RESEARCH AND 


	Kimble is handed a glass of champagne, which he promptly 
	sets on another waiter's passing tray.


		Richard...

	DR. ROBERTS, a large surgeon, pulls Kimble over to a group
	of surgeons gathered around a bar. Smoking cigars.


		Cancun. Nat just talked everybody 
		into it...

	A hospital equipment rep, NAT, is buying drinks.


		So, what's the deal? If the hospital 
		buys ten new -


		No, no, no, no strings attached, Dr. 
		Kimble. Industrial Hospital Supply 
		has no ulterior motives.


		On the house, huh?
			
		Tonic water with lime.

	Everyone agrees.


		Never get me to sell my soul for one
		of those trips...

	His tone silences the group. Kimble takes his drink.


			
	 	... But if you get any more Bulls 
		tickets, Nat, give me a call.

	The group laughs, Kimble extracts himself and CREDITS






	Moving through the crowd.





	Nearly gets hit in the follow-through of an imaginary 
	golf swing.


		You're slicing, Dave. Don't turn 
		your hip.

	He keeps moving.


		Thanks, Richard...





	KATHY WAHLUND, totally out of her element amid the formal 
	elegance around her. She wears a leather jacket over 
	T-shirt and stares at the action on the fashion runway.


			
		I'm so glad you talked me into 
		coming, Richard... I can pick my
		cruise wardrobe.


		It's for a good cause, Kath... 
		Besides you need to get out of the
		lab more. Your electron microscope
		is starting to give you a tan.

	She smiles. He moves on.



	Kimble continues down the bar when he spots a friend...


		Hey, Jim.

	DR. JAMES NICHOLS turns, smiles. Mid-40s, head of the 
	University Hospital. He is a fit contemporary.


		Richard, I just saw someone who 
		wanted to meet you...

	Just then Kimble spots an attractive WOMAN, late thirties, 
	wearing a drop-dead, simple black gown. She's surrounded by
	a group of men hanging on her every word. She and Kimble 
	catch a look and hold it.


		Richard Kimble... Alex Lentz. Alex
		is working on the RDU90 trials for 
		Devlin-Macgregor.

	Kimble turns to meet DR. ALEXANDER LENTZ, late 30s, tan, 
	smiling. Lentz extends his hand...


		Dr. Kimble... Sorry, we've been 
		trading phone calls last few days 
		... something about a biopsy report 
		I returned to you?


			
		Yeah... Three. Livers appeared 
		hepatetic to me.


		I'll be in my office in the morning 
		and I'll pull up the samples. Is that 
		a good time for you?


		Sure.


			(holds Kimble's look, 
			then to Nichols)
		See you, Jim.

	Lentz moves on. Kimble looks after him a beat, then focuses 
	on relocating the Woman he just saw. She's gone. He and 
	Nichols move together through the party.


			
		Before I forget, I went by the garage
		this afternoon and picket up the 
		Ferrari. Thanks for the loaner again.

	He hands Kimble a valet ticket.


		They fix it this time?


		We'll see.

	They reach the Woman Kimble saw, his wife, HELEN KIMBLE. 
	Kimble kisses her.


		You look fabulous, Helen.

	He kisses Helen.


		Hello, Jim.


			
		We've got a court tomorrow at three.

	Nichols leaves. Kimble looks at his wife.


		Well, I've seen everyone, can we 
		leave?


		That would be a little abrupt, don't 
		you think?





	A table for ten. Kimble and Helen introduce themselves to 
	others at table ant sit across from each other.

	Kimble sits between two doctors' wives. One, NOW EAU WIFE, 
	mid-thirties, bedecked in jewels and loud dress, the other 


	Helen sits between their husbands who are trying to impress 
	her with the details of their boring studies as CREDITS 


	INTERCUTTING WITH the fashion, catches of dialog and course 
	changes, Kimble and Helen demonstrate an oft-used exchange 
	of glances: Kimble, while gracious to his dinner partners, 
	catches Helen's eye and makes smiling, subtle movements to 
	his watch or a look to the door to indicate he's clearly 
	ready to leave. On the receiving end, Helen, the gatekeeper 
	of their social propriety, indicates with equal subtlety: 
	"not yet."

	As we MOVE AROUND the table we hear:

	"Where's your husband on staff?" "My husband's an orthopod 
	at Northwestern." "I'm working on a new technique..." 
	"That's fascinating..." "That's quite a marvelous dress 
	you're wearing." "Do you like it? My husband says it's a 
	'four-fracture number."' "Honey." 

	Kimble shares a look with Helen. He subtly motions to his 
	watch: time go to, and mouths the word: "now." She shakes 
	her head.


			
		I told my husband that he was going 
		to kill us if he didn't stop 
		operating. What with this AIDS thing, 
		he's putting us all at risk.

	Helen and Kimble absorb this comment without reaction, share 
	a look. Helen mouths the word: "Now."


			
		I'm sorry, I have to get my husband 
		home.

	They say their good-byes and pass Nichols' table. Nichols 
	shakes his friend's hand in passing. From across the room we 
	see Lentz watching.



	Kimble and Helen driving home. She runs her fingers through 
	his hair as he drives.


		You looked handsome tonight...


		Thank you...

	He smiles to himself, seems to enjoy the compliment too much 
	for Helen. Her smile becomes playful, mischievous.


		Uh, huh... most men in a tuxedo look 
		like waiters...


		But me?


		You looked more like... a band 
		director.

	He stops at red light, leans over and kisses her. Light 
	changes and neither notice. Slowly their kiss breaks.


		Are we home yet?...





	Kimble pulls up in front of his house. Suddenly both his 
	PAGER and CAR PHONE RING at the same time.


			
		Dr. Kimble
			
		When? Okay, tell them I'll be there 
		in ten minutes.

	He hangs up.


		Tim's got a problem.

	Helen kisses him again, opens the door.


		Call me on your way home.

	CREDITS END as we -





	Kimble, wearing scrubs but without head gear, moves down 
	stairs to the OR hall.

	He sticks his head into the operating room.


		Cavalry's here.

	Two harried surgeons look up, glad to see him.



	Kimble begins scrubbing as the RESIDENT comes out to bring 
	him up to speed.


		Patient is a male, forty-three. We 
		pulled his gall bladder and the 
		bleeding started.


		What's his pro time?


			
		He's at 36 seconds. We got a major 
		bleeder in here.


		You talk to the family?


		None. He's off the street.






	Operation in progress. Top medical facility filled with 
	trained professionals and state of the art equipment. Kimble 
	is assisted across the table by the chief Resident. Both 
	working so intently they never look at each other as they 
	talk...


			
		Okay... I'm clamping. Can he 
		tolerate it?


		He's a very sick guy.


		Do we have a choice?


		Go for it.


		Marie, give me a clamp...

	MARIE, the scrub nurse, passes him the instrument and Kimble 
	and the other SURGEON continue to work with the Resident 
	assisting.


			
		Your husband know you're here tonight,
		Marie?... What about this liver?


		History's sketchy. Could be an 
		alcoholic.


		Who referred him?


		He's on a drug protocol. RDU90.

	Kimble looks up and shares a look with the chief Resident 
	over their masks, then back to work.


		The wave of the future... Marie, you 
		told Frank yet? Frank is so jealous 
		of this late night thing we've got 
		going here... This should hold him. 
		Bleeding's stopped. Let's get a 
		biopsy...
			
		Send it downstairs and make sure you 
		get Kath her slice.


		You staying for the closing, Rich?

	Kimble moves away and sheds his gloves and gown.


		No. I got a date.



	Kimble throws away his hat and mask. The door opens behind 
	him; it is the other Surgeon.


		Hey, Richard...

	Kimble turns.


		Thanks.





	Kimble driving through empty Chicago streets toward home. 
	He is on phone, waits for answer.


		Hi. I'm five minutes away...





	Helen on the phone, downstairs. She is still in her gown with 
	an afghan around her shoulders. She's been reading.


		I'm glad it went well. I'll see you 
		in a minute.

	Helen hangs up phone, turns out the light and starts up the 
	stairs.





	Kimble driving.



	Helen moves down the hall toward the dressing room/closet.

	Opens the door to large closet dressing room and turns on 
	the light. Nothing. She starts to leave and decides to close 
	one of the interior closet doors.

	She starts to slide the door closed when - wham!

	A hand reaches out and clutches her by the neck. Helen 
	claws and scratches to get free and in her struggle her 
	string of pearls bursts...

	... and a single pearl bounces out of the bedroom... rolls 
	across the landing to the stairs, stopping three steps from 
	the top.





	Snow swirls around the street as Kimble's car pulls into the 
	driveway. On the third floor, we see a bedroom light still 
	on.



	A GRANDFATHER CLOCK TICKS softly. Kimble tosses his keys on 
	the entry table, picks up a stack of mail on the table and 
	calls up the stairs.


		I'm home. Did you hear who won the 
		Bulls game?

	No answer. He steps into the:



	The wall phone shows a line in use. Kimble notices it. The 
	WASHER BUZZES, he switches the clothes from washer to dryer,
	and STARTS the MACHINE. Takes a bottle of wine and two 
	glassesand leaves the kitchen.



	Lies on the floor, beside Helen's legs and the receiver of 
	phone, off the hook. A man's rubber-gloved hand picks up the 
	gun.





	Kimble starts up the stairs to the bedroom...



	Helen's hand reaches out presses the cradle down, dials



	Climbing the stairs... suddenly stops.

	A small white ball on the stairs. He bends down and picks 
	it up... a pearl.


		Helen?

	Silence. He can see directly into the bedroom. It's quiet. 
	Too quiet. He notices a lampshade on the floor.



	Kimble moves slowly to the opened doorway. And just before 
	he enters he sees a large form in the crack behind the door. 
	Adrenal surge.

	Kimble slams the door back on the figure knocking the gun 
	free. Before Kimble can move to it a forearm flattens him. 
	The attacker immediately goes for the gun. Kimble grabs a 
	leg and twists him down, the man's fingers hit the gun, 
	sending it skittering across the hardwood floor of the 
	landing and over the edge - three flights to the entry 
	hall below.

	SIRENS can be heard. Distant but APPROACHING.

	The man kicks free and tries to flee. This time Kimble 
	catches an arm and twists it at an unnatural angle. To his
	shock, the limb detaches between the shoulder and elbow.

	Kimble looks at the arm in his hands - it's hollow. 
	Electrodes are visible inside - then to the man's unreadable 
	face...

	The SIRENS are LOUDER...

	Before Kimble can recover, the One-Armed Man knocks Kimble 
	down and grabs back his arm. He runs down the stairs.

	Kimble pulls himself up and starts to follow but is stopped 
	by a VOICE behind him in the bedroom...


		He's here... still in the house...



	Lying by the bed, Helen Kimble, clutches the phone with one 
	hand, her head with the other.


		Did I hear you right? Your attacker 
		is still in the house? Ma'am?


		He's trying to kill me...

	Kimble appears. Helen drops the phone when she sees him.


		Will you repeat that please?


			
		Richard... He's trying to kill me... 
		my head.




	Two Chicago police cars wheel to the curb, COPS move quickly 
	to the house.



	Kimble moves to her. Sees the necklace of bruises where she 
	was held down and choked. And then a bullet wound in her 
	leg. She's already going into shock. Her speech turns thick.


		Hang on, babe... going to be all 
		right.

	Her fingernails dig into Kimble's arm, trying to hold on.


		My head. Richard my hold me.

	Her eyes slip away from his. He peels away the hand on her 
	head - and sees raw pummeled brain staring back and realizes 
	she won't be all right.

	CAMERA SWINGS DOWN TO the dropped phone.


		... Hello. You said his name is 
		Richard? Ma'am, can you talk to me? 
		Ma'am?





	The Cops enter the house. See the .38 lying on the floor. 
	Covering each other, they move quickly up the stairs - guns 
	drawn.



	Third floor. The First Cop, gun drawn, turns the corner of 
	Kimble's bedroom and finds:

	Kimble holding his dead wife. Blood on his hands.


		Move away from her.





	Kimble, numbed by the event, washes the blood off his hands 
	in the kitchen sink. A cop takes his blood-stained tux 
	jacket, and another hands him a parka.



	The street is filled with Chicago police cars, curious 
	neighbors, television news vans, etc.

	Kimble is helped into a police car as the coroner's van 
	arrives. He pauses a moment to watch as we hear.


		Can you give us a little more to go 
		on besides the fact that he had an 
		artificial arm? What kind of gun was
		it, Doc?



	CAMERA FINDS Kimble in an interview room. He is in "why" 
	shock. "Why her." "Why me?" Says nothing. Two Detectives: 
	KELLY and ROSETTI. Kelly, the questioner, is overweight, 
	aggressive. He shifts his gun on his hip so he can sit down.


		It was .38... I think. I only saw it 
		for a second. I knocked it out of 
		his hand.

	As Kimble is questioned we INTERCUT WITH flashes of the 
	murder scene being processed:



	Forensics technicians photograph the .38 at the base of the 
	stairs.


		Do you own a gun, Dr. Kimble?


		Yes.


		What kind of gun?


		A .38 Smith.





		Did you have your key with you tonight, 
		Dr. Kimble?



	Checking doors of house for signs of forcible entry.



	PHONE RINGS. Rosetti answers it. Kimble watches him write 
	something down, he slides it to Kelly.




	Your wife was loaded wasn't she? I mean, she was worth quite 
	a bit of money.



	Kimble looks up at the two cops. For the first time he seems 
	to sense something aggressive in their questioning.

	They no longer seem on the same team.


		What's going on here? This guy was 
		trying to rob us.

	The two cops stare at Kimble.


		You guys have got to be out of your 
		minds. I didn't kill my wife!

	He gets up to go. A cop blocks his path. He turns and looks 
	at Kelly.


		Let's start over, Dr. Kimble. What'd 
		you have for breakfast?





	Kimble in his tuxedo shirt and black tie holds a booking 
	number plate in front of him as a mug shot is taken... 
	front, then side.


		We're all adults here so I'll lay it
		out...



	Chicago Sun-Times has a photograph of Kimble spread across 
	the front page.


		... If you two come up with a deal, 
		I'll listen, but let me make one 
		thing perfectly clear.



	Salesmen continue to hawk sets. Kimble's photograph comes 
	up on a hundred TV monitors across the store.


		Police are revealing no details in 
		the case against Chicago surgeon...



	Kimble lays on his bunk. Thinking...


		... It's an election year...



	CAMERA MOVES THROUGH smoke-fillet room to find tough FEMALE 
	PROSECUTOR, a man in late forties, WALTER GUTHERIE, and STOPS 
	ON the source of the voice we've been hearing and the cigar: 
	JUDGE BENNETT, late fifties. Fair but, no nonsense, political 
	survivor.


		... and this case is a heater. It 
		will not end up a bench trial...



	Richard Kimble in County lockup fatigues and a navy watch cap 
	moves down long corridor, escorted by GUARD.


		We've had private investigators 
		interview over a hundred amputees, 
		Richard...



	Walter Gutherie, his attorney, stands by a window looking 
	out at the yard. Another attorney, RANDOLPH, watches 
	Gutherie.


		... We can't find this guy.


		I know what I saw, Walter.


		I put you up on the stand to say what 
		you saw without anything that 
		remotely smells like proof and the 
		State's attorney is going to take 
		this one-armed man story and run it 
		up our ass.
			
		Look, Richard, you're paying us a 
		lot of money to defend you... A plea
		to second degree -


		I didn't kill my wife.



	Kimble being escorted back to the courtroom. A guard carries 
	his suit in a bag. He is taunted by other prisoners.


		You're a successful upper middle 
		class white man charged in a 
		violent crime...



	On the other side of the door is the courtroom. A sheriff's 
	deputy hands Kimble , a small plastic 
	bag. In it we see his wedding band.


		It's a circumstantial case, but it's 
		also a jury trial. We play 'em, they 
		play 'em...



	Richard Kimble sits at defense table... watches prosecutors 
	chat with Helen's relatives. Media anchors glare at him.


		... But if we lose, we lose big. 
		Just remember, they're lined up a 
		block long to have your hide.





	A crime scene photograph.



	On the stand.


		No forcible entry was found. From 
		the beginning of the investigation, 
		it did not appear to be a break-in. 
		Nothing was missing.



	On the stand.


		The defendant's prints were found on
		the neck, gun, bullets, and lamp... 
		no other sets were fount other than 
		the deceased.



	Impassive. Attentive. His "peers." They listen to the 
	recording of the 911 tape.


		Did I hear you right? Your attacker 
		is still in the house? Ma'am?


		He's trving to kill me...


		Will you repeat that please?


		Richard... He's trying to kill me...



	A few members lean over to make notes. It's powerful taken 
	out of context.




		Dr. Nichols. You are aware that 
		Richard Kimble was the only 
		beneficiary of Helen Kimble's estate.
		12 million dollars roughly.


		I was aware of that. The money meant 
		nothing to him.


		Yet in your presence, Richard Kimble 
		once said that 'if he had Helen's 
		money he could find plenty of uses.'
		Did he not?


		We were talking about -


		Yes or no?

	Nichols' look tells us everything... Yes.





	On the stand.


		The wound to the head caused a 
		massive hemorrhage to the brain. It 
		took from five to seven minutes for 
		her to die...

	A woman in the jury reacts. Kimble notices.



	On the stand. He finishes his moving description of the 
	events. We see some of the jury has been moved.


		... And I was holding her when the 
		officers came in.

	Gutherie returns to his seat. The Prosecutor moves to the 
	jury. He begins slowly but his questions pick up strength.


		How tall was this man, Dr. Kimble?


		I can't be sure. We were, mostly on 
		the floor, fighting... I couldn't -


		Did that fight cause the scratches 
		on your face and arms?


		No. As I explained -


		And how did this man enter your 
		house?


		I don't know -


		And you probably don't know why your 
		wife told the emergency operator You 
		were her attacker?


		She didn't -


		Your name is Richard, isn't it? Your 
		gun is a .38, isn't it? Your prints 
		were on the gun, the bullets, the 
		lamp, her neck, weren't they?


		Look...


		Weren't they?





	Richard Kimble sits behind the desk, but already he's a 
	shadow of the man we knew before, stares ahead passively as 
	Judge Bennett delivers the sentencing to hushed courtroom.


		After careful and studied review of 
		all evidence presented during each 
		phase of this proceeding, and 
		because aggravated circumstances, 
		detailed at length, were present 
		the night of January 20th.

	Kimble is silent, stunned, but all around him the sentence 
	shockwaves through the courtroom. Reporters push out rear 
	doors. Prosecutors share a look - with a hangman's 
	satisfaction. Nichols, watching behind Kimble's table, 
	lowers his head. Disbelief.



	He remains silent. Kimble is pulled gently to his feet by 
	bailiff. Gutherie whispers an "I'm sorry." Kimble doesn't 
	hear it.


		Therefore, it is the decision of 
		this court...

	Looks over his shoulder to the emptying courtroom. Faces 
	stare back.





	Judge Bennett's V.O. CONTINUES over:

	A locker opening. Inside, a profusion of chrome and nickel 
	plating. Jailhouse jewelry. Handcuffs dragged out. Action 
	checked.


		... that you be remanded to Menard 
		State penitentiary...



	Slapped down over wrists, ratcheting down tight.

	Ankle cuffs dragged out. Pant legs raised, canvas shoes 
	exposed. Cuffs clamped down on ankles.

	CHAINS RATTLED out. Snaked across the floor. Looped around 
	waists and locked to handcuffs to form belly chains.


		... where you will serve a sentence 
		of life imprisonment without 
		possibility of parole.



	The chain gang exits through the sally port. Kimble and 
	three other prisoners. Jailers escort them to...

	An Illinois Department of Corrections guard moves alongside,
	checking the undercarriage with a pole-mounted mirror.

	The GAVEL CRACKS as we -





	Locking wire mesh cage inside bus.

	An old DIESEL COUGHS to life.



	Main gates open. The BUS GRINDS onto the streets.



	The four prisoners sit scattered, still cuffed but no longer 
	chained together. Near the front, PRISONER #1 is eyeing...

	The two prison guards seated beyond the caged door. YOUNG 
	GUARD lighting a smoke. OLD GUARD drowsing. Shotguns 
	bouncing on their knees. Prisoner #l shifts his gaze to...

	The driver. Pistol on his hip.





	The BUS RUMBLES north, heading towards the horizon.



	PRISONER #1 rises. Through caging:


		Hey. Illinois penal regulations 
		require a meal for transport
		rides of four hours or more.

	Young Guard shakes his head. "Fucking jailhouse lawyers." 
	Checks his watch: 4:00.


		Jack! Feedin' time.

	Old Guard yawns to his feet, unhooks a key-ring from his 
	belt. Young Guard stows his shotgun in the weapons locker.

	PRISONER #2 looks at Kimble. Kimble stirs awake... watches 
	the cage door open, Young Guard moving back. And across the 
	aisle...

	PRISONER #3, a big man named COPELAND, wags his head 
	between his knees. Something slides out of his shirt and 
	CLANKS to the dimpled steel floor. It's a razor sharp 
	plastic shank.

	Heart quickening, Kimble looks forward. Young Guard is 
	handing a petrified sandwich to Prisoner #1. Kimble snaps 
	a look back to Copeland, who palms the shank.


		Breathe, and you're first.

	Old Guard watches from the open cage door, shotgun 
	carelessly ready.

	Young Guard reaches Kimble and extends a sandwich. Kimble 
	doesn't respond.


		Suit yourself.

	He offers the sandwich to Copeland. In the exchange, 
	sandwich drops. Copeland leans down for it.

	Up front, Old Guard yawns again just as...


		Look out!

	Too late... Jackknifing up, Copeland drives the shank into 
	Young Guard's gut.

	Prisoner #2 dives for Young Guard's holster. As the gun comes 
	out, Young Guard gets a hand on it. A SHOT FIRES...

	Jolting Old Guard. He chambers his shotgun. Kimble hits the 
	floor. The Old Guard jams a key into the cage door and surges 
	inside, but...

	Prisoner #1 broadsides Old Guard. SHOTGUN DISCHARGES... 
	Opening a big Gainsburger hole in the driver. He sinks under
	the steering wheel. A knee hits the accelerator.

	The CAGE DOOR SLAMS locked behind the Old Guard.



	As the bus careens off the road, accelerating.



	Young Guard wrestles gun from Prisoner #2 and FIRES, killing
	prisoner #2. Copeland grapples with wounded Young Guard.

	Old Guard shotgun-butts Prisoner #1, flips the gun, PUMPS 
	ONE ROUND into the man's chest. Dead. He turns just as...



	As the driverless BUS BUCKS ant BANGS over open ground.



	Old Guard reloads. Copeland drops down behind a seat.

	Old Guard jams his SHOTGUN under the seat. But just as the 
	Old Guard pulls the trigger the bus jerks. The SHOT goes 
	off target as...



	The BUS ROARS into a gravel embankment. ROARS up the slope
	and CRASHES down on its side - sliding to a stop at the 
	bottom of a small ravine.



	ENGINE DIES. Dusty silence. We don't know up from down.

	On his knees, Old Guard makes his way to the driver. Finds 
	him dead. Now a SOUND. Old Guard whips his shotgun around 
	at...

	Kimble. Rising between the seats.

	A hairy beat. Old Guard might kill him just to finish things 
	off. But a GROAN turns Old Guard's head.

	Young Guard, trying to hold his guts in. Old Guart turns to
	find Kimble.


			
		You. You're a doctor. C'mere.

	He slides to the Young Guard as the Old Guard scrounges up a 
	medical kit, shoves Kimble down on Young Guard.


		Do something.

	Kimble looks at his cuffs. "In these?" Old Guard digs out 
	his key ring and unlocks Kimble's hands - only his hands. 
	Kimble opens medical kit. It's been ransacked - just 
	Band-Aids now. Kimble looks into the wound.


		He isn't going to make it unless he 
		gets to a hospital. Fast.




	In this delicate moment a SHIVER runs through the bus. Is it 
	just settling?

	With other things to worry about, Kimble tries to stop Young 
	Guard's bleeding.



	We see Copeland, alive. The crash has ripped the bars from a 
	back window and shattered the glass. He works to get out the 
	opening.



	A second SHIVER ripples through the bus, stronger. Kimble 
	retracts his hands to touch a metal panel - and feels a 
	growing vibration.


		Just where the hell are we?

	The Old Guard feels it too. He gets down on his knees and
	looks out one of the shattered, barred windows.


		Oh, shit...




	The bus lies across railroad tracks. A not-too-distant bend
	grows bright by the light of an approaching train.



	Kimble sees: Old Guard fights the cage door. Kimble lunges 
	to his side.


		It's locked. Where're your keys?



	Downtrack, one Cyclops light appears.



	Kimble spots keys. Pitches them to Old Guard. Drags Young 
	Guard to the front for a quick exit. But Old Guard fumbles 
	the key-ring, his hands shaking as much as the bus.

	The train light spider-webs across cracked windows. Kimble 
	snatches the keys away from the Guard's trembling hands.


		Which one? This? This one?!

	Old Guard gulps a nod. Kimble jams a key in the lock. Throws 
	the door open. Grabs Young Guard.


		Help me get him -

	But Old Guard climbs right over Kimble's back and climbs out 
	the shattered windshield.



	Copeland escapes through the hole in the back...



	... and hits the ground running the other way. The 
	locomotive's headlight reveals the toppled bus.



	Train light grows. A nanosecond of uncertainty: Should 
	Kimble leave the wounded man? Kimble and the Young Guard 
	hold a look.



	As the WHEELS BRAKE and LOCK.



	Kimble struggles out of the bus - pulling the Young Guard 
	behind him. He slings the man clear.

	SCREECHING death, the TRAIN SKIDS closer.

	For one heartbeat, Kimble remains perched atop the bus.

	The train light X-rays him.

	Kimble leaps. Lands. Rolls. Gains his feet. Tries to sprint 
	away but can't: His feet are still chained. He gets off a 
	dozen mincing steps before...

	IMPACT: A hundred tons of STEEL SLAMS into the bus, 
	splitting it open.

	Shrapnel rips through Kimble's thigh, but he stays on his 
	feet, still running feverish half-steps.

	An EXPLOSION envelops the train. Flames stream down its 
	flanks.

	The train burns past the wounded Guard.

	Kimble looks back, expecting to see the catastrophe behind 
	him. But he gets the shock of his life - of any man's life:

	Still on its wheels, the locomotive is derailing - and coming 
	after him. It's the stuff of nightmares: One little man being 
	chased by a fire-breathing locomotive.

	The train burrows to a stop.

	Kimble is suddenly five feet taller, standing on an upheaval
	of earth, staring eyeball-to-eyeball with the train that 
	nearly devoured him. He pants. Coughs on smoke. Then notices
	something in his hand.

	It's the key-ring.



	Kimble sits and searches the key-ring for manacle key. 
	Suddenly a hand reaches down and snatches the key-ring away.


		Give me that.

	Kimble watches as Copeland quickly unlocks both sets of his 
	own chains.


		You listen to me. I don't give a 
		damn which way you go, just don't 
		follow me.

	Kimble takes the key as Copeland wraps his chains around his 
	arm and runs. Kimble unlocks his leg irons and runs in the 
	other direction - crossing a hilltop in the moonlight.





	News and sheriff's department choppers circle billowing 
	smoke. TILT DOWN to reveal the derailed train. Fire engines 
	hose down the blackened locomotive. Rescue workers work 
	feverishly with jaws-of-life to get into the mangled 
	wreckage. Illuminated by spotlights, transportation 
	investigators in blue coveralls pick through the twisted 
	remains of the bus. State troopers restrain spectators.

	Two American-made rental cars pull up. Four deputy U.S. 
	marshals emerge:

	BIGGS. Swaggering Midwestern carnivore. Built like a brick 
	shithouse.

	RENFRO. Bantam-rooster of a man, no more than 140 pounds 
	fully-equipped.

	POOLE. Black woman. Nobody minds having her around during 
	nut-cuttin' time.

	NEWMAN, a scrub-faced G-5.

	From the second car steps GERARD. He takes in the media 
	spectacle.


		Good lord...


		What is this... a circus?

	As a group they begin moving along the service road above 
	the crash site. Derailed train cars are accortianed below 
	them. They take in the elements of the crash and as they 
	walk each begins to reveal their U.S. Marshal's credentials.

	Biggs spots something...


		Point of impact.

	... and branches off.


		Biggs, your turn to babysit Newman.


		Shit.
			
		Come on.

	They drop down to the crash site. Poole ant Renfro remain 
	with Gerard.

	A state TROOPER steps into their path, but falls away when he
	sees Gerard's Marshall star.


		How ya doing? Who's in charge?


		Sheriff Rollins. Just follow the 
		lights -

	Gerard follows his point to where TV lights illuminate the 
	scene. He shakes his head - it doesn't please him.

	Renfro and Poole share a look, they seem to know what's 
	about to happen.



	Seated near a tree. A space blanket draped over his 
	shoulders. He is surrounded by EMT personnel, and a YOUNG 
	SHERIFF, clearly basking in the event. Television remote 
	news crews are kept only slight back. Gerard appears in the 
	b.g., listening.


		... train was bearin' down on us, 
		fast. I don't know how - it's still 
		kind of hazy - but I grabbed him
		and pushed him out of the bus.


		You coulda both been killed.


		I know, but hell, he's my partner.
		Woulda done the same for me.

	The young Sheriff in charge nods, buying the story. Gerard 
	eases forward, displays his badge, interrupts.


		Excuse me, Sheriff Rollins? Deputy 
		U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard.


			
		I'll be with you in a minute.

	The television lights widen to illuminate Gerard. He shields
	his eyes. The Sheriff opens a file and produces fax-photos 
	of all four prisoners.


			
		For the record. These three dead. 
		And this one...

	He switches to a photo of Kimble.


		Well, everything happened so fast...
			
		Huh-uh. Don't think he made it.

	Sheriff eyes the wreckage that could entomb a hundred 
	prisoners, then files Kimble's fax-photo with the others.


		You get some rest.

	He pats the Guard on the shoulder and approaches Gerard.


		Looks like you came a long way for 
		nothing. My men've already done a 
		thorough search from point of 
		impact and found nothing.





	Biggs and Newman stop by the muddy culvert. Biggs sees 
	something. He orders Newman into the muck after it.



	Aware of media, proceeds patiently with the young Sheriff.


		With all due respect, may I suggest 
		check-points starting at a 15-mile 
		radius on I-57, I-24, Route 13 east 
		of -


		Whoa, whoa, whoa... For what? 
		Prisoners are all dead. The only 
		thing check-points will do is get a 
		lot of good people out here frantic 
		and flood my office with calls.

	Gerard finally touches eyeballs with the young Sheriff and 
	we get our first taste of Gerard at close range.


			
		Well, shit, Sheriff, I'd hate for 
		that to happen... So, I'll be 
		taking over the investigation.


		On whose authority?


		By authority of the Governor of the 
		State of Illinois and the office of
		the United States Marshal, 5th 
		District Northern Illinois...

	Poole produces State and Federal authorization documents 
	from one of her pockets and hands it to the young Sheriff.


			
		Okay. You want jurisdiction over 
		this mess, you got it.
			
		Shut it down. Wyatt Earp is here to
		mop up for us.

	He slaps the file of fax-photos at Gerard on his way out. 
	Just as Biggs, spotless, eases ino the group with Kimble's 
	manacles. Behind Biggs we see Newman, covered in mud.

	Seeing the leg irons, the Sheriff and his deputies pile to
	a stop. Now Gerard takes his run at Old Guard.


		Please, ladies and gentlemen, step
		back and give this poor man some 
		room.

	Like an obedient dog the press backs off, they sense a 
	change of story and command.

	Gerard kneels down with Poole and Renfro in front of the 
	Old Guard. The Sheriff hovers near.


			(friendly, to Old 
			Guard)
		Always an interesting thing when we 
		find leg irons and no legs in them 
		who held the keys, sir?


		Uh, me.


		Would you be so kind as to show them
		to me, sir?

	Gerard's large hand extends palm up at the Old Guard.

	The Old Guard pats his pockets, comes up empty. He eyes the 
	press hovering just out of earshot.


		Second chance.

	Poole reopens the file of photos in front of the man.

	The Old Guard can't take it - points to Kimble's photo.


			
		He mighta got out.


		Thank you.


		What the hell is this? A minute ago 
		you tell me he's part of the 
		wreckage, now you're -


		Renfro - Take that bus apart. I want 
		an accurate body count. Poole - Set 
		up operations right here.

	He stops and looks into the TV lights and starts moving 
	downtrack. The media and State Police move with him like 
	Israelites behind Moses.


		Ladies and gentlemen... our 
		fugitive's been on the run for 
		ninety minutes. Average foot speed 
		over uneven ground - barring injury 
		is approximately four miles an hour, 
		giving us a radius of six miles. I 
		want a hard-target search of any 
		residence, gas station, farmhouse, 
		henhouse, doghouse and outhouse in 
		that area. Check-points go up at 
		15 miles.
			
		You got that? Good. Now, turn 
		those damn things off and get out 
		of our way.



	ROARS... just above the treetops. Helicopter speeds up a
	dark river. Its tracking beam illuminates the river bank.



	Flashing lights. Two highway patrol cars set up roadblocks. 
	The SQUAWK of police RADIOS breaks the rural quiet. A moment 
	later a HELICOPTER ROARS overhead.



	Kimble moves down train tracks. His jumpsuit is wet with 
	blood from the gash. He pauses and checks the wound. He's 
	going to need stitches.

	Far down the tracks he sees glow of town lights. He keeps 
	moving.



	Kimble crosses a tressel, keeps running toward the direction 
	of the lights.

	A junk yard by railroad tracks and a road. Signs along the 
	road show we're on the edge of town. One says: Hospital-1/2 
	mile.



	Kimble runs from a streak up to the railroad tracks. As he 
	nears the junk yard and road he sees the hospital sign. 
	He's close but he can't go into the hospital in his prison 
	jumpsuit. He leans against a wrecked car and catches his 
	breath.

	Just then a tow truck pulling a car on its hook, turns off 
	the road and parks next to the tracks. Kimble ducks for 
	cover behind the wrecked car.

	The driver climbs out, dumps his coveralls in the front 
	seat and closes the door.

	He moves toward a house across the tracks, then forgets 
	something and returns to the cab. He throws open the door 
	and grabs lunch box off the seat - and we notice the 
	coveralls missing from the seat.

	As the driver returns to the house we MOVE TO the opposite
	side of the car to find Kimble, ducked beneath the window,
	clutching the coveralls.



	A crude headquarters is set up beneath a tent, near the 
	crash site. Maps are laid out on tables. Power and phone 
	lines are pulled down from the lines running along the 
	tracks. Renfro supervises the electronics.

	Poole handles phones, takes a report from the field and 
	relays it to Gerard.


		Blood trail found. Two miles 
		southwest.


			
		Type it and match it against all 
		four prisoners.
			
		Renfro, get an I.D. fax on Kimble to 
		every local hospital.
			
		Newman...

	Newman appears.


		Yes, sir...


		I need some coffee.

	As Newman steps off, everyone turns at sound of SHOUTING 
	from the train crash.



	A RESCUE WORKER shouts up to others.


		Hey, one's alive!



	Loading dock outside the E.R. A WORKER stacks boxes of food 
	outside kitchen entrance. Kimble, in the tow truck 
	operator's coveralls, picks up a box and carries it inside. 
	Once inside he branches off down a hallway.



	A door opens on a long hallway. A DOCTOR, CHILD with a 
	bandaged hand, and a MOTHER leave a room and walk TOWARD us.
	Behind them, Kimble moves down the hall and stops in front 
	of the doorway.







	Kimble closes the door and locks it. Hanging on the back of 
	the door we see a doctor's white coat.





	An Illinois State Trooper's car pulls up outside.





	On it we see: A packaged sterilized bandage, an opened 
	antiseptic wash, an opened topical anesthetic, and an empty 
	syringe. We PULL BACK to find:



	His wound bathed in orange antiseptic wash, three stitches 
	already in. With pair of forceps he picks up the needle as 
	he sutures himself.





	At far end of the hall we see a STATE TROPER chatting with a 
	DUTY NURSE at a nurses' station.





	Kimble, his bandage already in place, gives himself a shot 
	of antibiotics.





	A man, tube in nose, on two I.V.s, lays in bed with eyes 
	closed. Kimble comes INTO FRAME near his face.


	Can you hear me, sir?

	No response. The man is out of it. Kimble backtracks to the 
	patient's closet and opens it. Hanging inside we see his 
	clothes. He removes them and notices the man's untouched 
	breakfast tray.





	The Duty Nurse and State Trooper chat when a fax begins 
	coming through on DESK FAX.


		There's your fax...





	Kimble dressing in the man's clothes. He eats a piece of 
	toast - part of the man's breakfast - as he buttons up his 
	shirt.



	His arm slowly reaches out and presses his nurses call 
	button.





	A fax photograph of Richard Kimble slowly comes off the 
	duty station FAX MACHINE. Next to the machine the 
	patient's call light comes on.

	The Duty Nurse, standing with the Highway Trooper, sees the 
	patient's light come on and starts down the hall toward the 
	patient's room.





	Kimble shaving when we hear the DUTY NURSE ENTER the 
	patient's room. He moves OUT OF FRAME.


		Mr. Patterson, do you need some more 
		water?



	The Duty Nurse looks from the tray to the man, impressed.


		... Oh, you did a good job on this.

	She takes his empty plastic pitcher and...

	... pushes open the bathroom door - no sign of Kimble - and 
	refills the pitcher from the sink.


			(over her shoulder, 
			to patient)
		... It does get dry in here, doesn't 
		it?

	She doesn't expect an answer, turns OFF the WATER, and goes 
	into the main room. As the door closes we see Kimble behind 
	it.





	Kimble, clean-shaven, and wearing the patient's glasses and 
	a doctor's white coat, moves down the hall to the emergency 
	room exit. Suddenly the State Trooper steps back from the 
	E.R. admissions desk with his newly received fax, and starts 
	down the corridor toward Kimble.

	The Trooper looks up as the two men pass...


		'Scuse me, Doc?...

	Kimble turns but continues slowly backing toward the E.R. 
	doors behind him.


		... Don't know if you heard or not 
		but we're looking for an escaped 
		prisoner from that bus train wreck 
		'couple hours ago. Thought he might 
		show up here if he was hurt.


		What's he look like?

	The Trooper looks down at his fact sheet as we see a slow 
	trickle of blood from a shaving nick begin winding down 
	Kimble's cheek.


			
		Approximately six one, 180 pounds, 
		brown hair, brown eyes and beard.

	At the last second Kimble feels the drop of blood and wipes 
	it clean as the Trooper looks up.


		... Seen anyone that fits that 
		description?


		Every time I look in the mirror ...
		but without the beard.

	They laugh.


		Excuse me...


		Sure.

	Kimble moves through the E.R. doors as an ambulance parks 
	outside...



	Two PARAMEDICS try to take out a patient on a gurney. The 
	lead wheels are stuck.


		Here...

	Kimble helps clear the wheels so the collapsible gurney 
	comes free.


		Thanks, Doc, we had to dig him out 
		from under a train.

	As the gurney comes out, Kimble looks right into the face 
	of the Young Guard. The Guard's eyes suddenly open wide.


		It's him... It's -

	Kimble claps the portable oxygen mask back over the Young 
	Guard's mouth and keeps his hand there.


		How is he?

	The Paramedics move him toward the ramp.


		He's pretty bad off. Broken leg, 
		ribs. Concussion.

	As Kimble moves away...


		Tell the E.R. doctor he's also got 
		a perforated spleen.

	He's gone... The two Paramedics share a look as they whisk 
	the Young Guard inside.


			
		Jesus, how could he tell that from 
		looking at his face?



	Kimble climbs behind the wheel.



	A full communications link is in place.

	Deputy marshals answer phones, work faxes, add information 
	to a situation board. Troopers bring in information. Poole 
	calls Gerard.


		Background just came in from 
		Chicago.


		Hit me.

	Renfro and Poole lay out the details. The download of 
	information comes clear and fast.


		Richard David Kimble. Vascular 
		Surgeon. Convicted of first-degree 
		murder in the killing of his wife. 
		Pleaded innocent. Claimed a 
		one-armed -


		Let's not retry the case. Priors
		and accomplices?

	Gerard steps up the hillside out of sight of the 
	investigation to take a leak. Followed by Renfro and Poole.


		None. No previous arrests.

	Poole takes up a position discreetly behind tree as Gerard 
	unzips his fly and relieves himself.


		Sealed juvie record?

	Poole calls out from behind tree.


		Nothing. Total cherry.


		Relatives? Children?


		No relatives.


		One child. A son. Died in drowning 
		accident three years ago.


		Girl friends? Ex-wives? Friends? 
		Combinations of the above?


		Lot of friends. Doctors. Hospital 
		staff.

	Gerard zips up.


		Start there. Authorize taps. Cover
		his lawyer first.


		Never get it.


		Bet me.

	Renfro won't take it.


		Have Stevens go to Judge Rubin, 
		he'll sign 'em.

	... Biggs charges up the hillside.


		DeLange Hospital. Wounded guard 
		swears to High Holy he saw Kimble 
		right there in the hallway. 
		Ambulance, missing too.



	Gerard moves quickly to the map.


		Give me a time.


		O-nine-thirty. Twenty minutes ago.

	Gerard redraws the circle of units. No longer are we 
	covering a fifty-mile radius. The circle is redrawn, 
	tightened, with the hospital as its center. The 
	triangulation is set.





	The ambulance follows three cars toward a rural railroad 
	crossing.


		... We're waiting up here in Canton.
		Wondering if you heard anything on 
		this Kimble chase -



	Kimble behind the wheel as he approaches the railroad 
	crossing. The biocom monitors police chatter:


		Two-twelve-A, be advised that all 
		discussion on this matter is to be 
		conducted on a tactical frequency 
		- either Channel K or Z. Over.

	Frequency goes dead. Kimble looks THROUGH the windshield:



	An arrow points toward Canton, two miles.

	The cars in front slow as the railroad crossing signal 
	suddenly activates and the bars begin to drop. Kimble pops 
	the SIREN and hurriedly snakes through the crossing and 
	heads in the opposite direction... but his maneuver gets 
	attention.



	Truck driver watches Kimble cut through the crossing and 
	reaches for his C.B. radio.



	Poole hangs up phone.


		Ambulance just spotted two miles 
		west of Doverville. Heading north 
		on State road 53.

	Renfro turns to the map and marks it. The circle is much 
	smaller.


		Running outta map, Sam.

	The crash site and hospital are already marked. Gerard is 
	ready to move.


		Just the way we want it. Okay, 
		people, let's button up.

	They move off to waiting State Trooper cars and helicopter.



	Kimble driving down a rural road. He flips down visor and 
	eyeballs folded roadmap...



	... The ambulance crests a hill. In the distance we see the 
	Grosvner Viaduct and the Barkley Dam.



	Blowing other traffic off the road, WHOOPING CRUISERS and 
	G-cars stream south through the rugged rural terrain of 
	Southern Illinois. Overtaking them all, a CHOPPER THUNDERS 
	overhead.



	Heading into hilly terrain. Down below we see the ambulance. 
	Inside the helicopter Gerard eyes the terrain.


			
		We've got a visual...
			
		He's heading toward the viaduct.


		Seal it up.



	The two-lane road disappears into long tunnel. Three hundred 
	feet below the road tumbles the Tennessee River.

	The Barkley Dam rises ahead. Kimble's AMBULANCE ROARS into 
	the tunnel.



	Suddenly sees the helicopter setting down ahead of him at 
	the mouth of the tunnel.

	Kimble slams on brakes and turns to retreat.



	Illinois Highway Patrol cars pull to a stop at the far 
	entrance. Light flares. Set out road blocks.



	Gerard steps out followed by Renfro and Poole.



	Comes to a stop, blocking traffic in both directions. 
	Immediately HORNS begin BLARING.



	Trooper pulls up. Biggs and Newman behind Kimble blocking 
	the other end.

	Troopers with guns drawn block the exits. The P.A. from a 
	State patrol car blares:


		Please remain in your vehicles and 
		lock your doors. Repeat, please 
		remain in -



	Poole and Renfro materialize already decked out in Kevlar. 
	They're jacked up and ready to rock. Renfro hands Gerard a 
	vest.


		Got him.

	Gerard unholsters a 40 caliber, Glock model 22.


		Okay, ladies and gentlemen hard 
		part's over.

	He starts into the tunnel.


			
		We're movin' in.



	Weapons drawn, but held discreetly at their sides, three 
	silhouettes enter. Drivers who hadn't heeded the Troopers' 
	P.A. warnings take one look at Gerard and quickly climb 
	back inside and lock their doors.

	Biggs, Renfro and Poole fan out to the sides and give the 
	middle to Gerard. The tunnel is quickly quiet.

	Kimble huddles at mid-tunnel. He's trapped. Drops to the 
	ground beneath the truck. His heart pounding, brain 
	clicking, fighting panic. Suddenly he realizes he's in water.

	Running water.



	They reach the mid-tunnel area. No Kimble. Biggs looks 
	around, beneath vehicles. Gerard listens. Poole looks 
	confused.


		Where'd he go?

	Gerard spots the trickle of water. He backtracks it until 
	he finds a loose grate in the pavement. Man-size.


		Biggs, Renfro with me.



	Kimble splashes blindly through ankle-deep sluice. He slows 
	at forking tunnels to catch his breath and pick a direction. 
	A DULL ROAR comes from somewhere - from everywhere. He whips 
	off his jacket and slings it down a tunnel, then continues 
	straight ahead.

	Somewhere behind, lights probe splash-patterns on the conduit
	wall - telltale signs of Kimble's passing. The lights belong 
	to...

	Gerard, Biggs and Renfro. They push on, soon reaching the 
	forking tunnels. Renfro finds the jacket ant splash signs.


		Channel Three.

	They conform their radios. Splitting up, Biggs and Renfro go 
	left. Gerard - straight ahead.



	Kimble. Bracing with all four limbs. Negotiating a mossy 
	downslope.



	Biggs and Renfro. Sweeping his light as he advances. 
	Searching for splash-patterns.


			
		Nothing yet.



	Gerard. Probing a branch-off tunnel with his light. About to 
	pass, he notices scrapings on the mossy walls of the 
	branch-off tunnel. Hand marks?


			
		Got a possible here. Stand by.

	He stows his light but hangs onto the Glock. Bracing with 
	three limbs



	Gerard begins the tricky descent. Slips once. Recovers. 
	Slips again...

	... and tumbles out of control. GUN and RADIO CLATTER AWAY.

	Scrabbling for purchase, he finally snags An overhead pipe. 
	Gerard stabilizes. Sweeps his light to locate his Glock, 
	lying down-tunnel. He eases toward it. But another hand gets 
	there first.

	It's Kimble. Face dark and desperate. Dangerous. Hand 
	flexing on the pistol. They lock eyes for a beat.


		I didn't kill my wife.


		So, you didn't kill your wife.

	Not my problem.

	An adrenal beat. For a moment they hold a look. Then the 
	silence is broken by Gerard's radio.


		Gerard? You there?

	Gerard looks for his radio, then back at Kimble - he's gone.

	Instantly Gerard reaches for his ankle - and pulls a back-up 
	piece.



	As Renfro hears FOOTSTEPS POUNDING his way.



	Gerard charges down the tunnel. From a side tunnel, Renfro 
	appears, almost colliding. Biggs follows...


		Straight ahead!



	Kimble sticks Gerard's gun into his waist band to balance 
	in the tunnel. He spills around a corner and stops. Ahead 
	lies an orb of light. The tunnel ends. The NOISE is 
	incredible. Kimble moves to the end of the tunnel and 
	stops.



	Water pours from the tunnel into the spillway of Barkley dam 
	disappearing into a veil of mist below - a great cauldron of 
	mists. No rocks. None visible at least.

	He hears the MARSHALS behind him - COMING CLOSER.



	Gerard and Renfro turn the corner. Renfro drops into a 
	shooting stance.


		Turn around, hands over your head. 
		And get down on the ground.

	For a moment Kimble eyes Gerard.


		Your choice, Kimble...

	Kimble turns his back on the Marshals, stares again at the 
	water. Slowly he puts his hands over his head. Gerard puts 
	up his gun and pulls his handcuffs. He moves through the 
	water toward Kimble.


		Get down on your knees.

	Kimble bends slowly, stares down into the falls, hears the 
	footsteps get closer, then does the unthinkable. He jumps.



	Biggs moving to the top of the massive dam sees Kimble leap 
	into the sheet of water spilling over dam and disappear into 
	the mists below. He can't believe his eyes.



	Renfro lowers his gun.


			
		Son of a bitch...

	It's the most amazing thing he's ever seen...



	He stands at the mouth of the tunnel staring down. He 
	stares down into the mists. Impressed. It has told him 
	something invaluable about this fugitive.



	Gerard scrambles out of the tunnels to the top of the dam 
	near Biggs, just as squad cars, troopers and the search 
	helicopter converge on the site.



	Far downriver a figure fights through a snag in the bend.

	The snag - a tree branch - breaks away and heads down 
	stream. Hanging onto the branch we see Kimble.



	Below the dam and spillway. Troopers in waders search the 
	shallows, deputies beat bushes along the shore.

	Farther out we see a dredge boat slowly working the waters.



	Gerard watches the dredge cage come up again. As if with 
	the next pass it will prove him the victor. The HEAD 
	ILLINOIS TROOPER CAPTAIN approaches.


		Running out of daylight, Inspector.


		Lights and generators are coming, 
		Captain.


		Look, I don't mean to tell you your 
		job, but maybe one person in a 
		million could've survived that fall.
		The guy's fish food.

	Gerard turns and brings his look to bear on the Captain.


		Then find me the fish that ate him.

	He turns and heads to a waiting helicopter.



	Kimble runs through the woods. He staggers, his arm hooks a 
	sapling which spins him to the ground. He lays motionless, 
	exhausted.





	Helen in bed. Kimble's hand comes INTO FRAME and touches 
	her shoulder. She turns toward Kimble as he moves INTO 
	FRAME and kisses her.





	Helen tosses her head back. She wears white silk pajamas 
	and smiles down AT us. A hand reaches up and unbuttons the 
	top two buttons of her top. Then Kimble moves up INTO FRAME 
	as we -





	Helen running down beach TOWARD us. Embraces Kimble as we -





	Helen's head comes up out of a pool. Hair tossed back, she 
	smiles as we -





	Helen exiting Kimble's car the night of the murder. She 
	looks back at Kimble, framed by the door frame, ant smiles.


		Good-bye. I love you.

	Again... Then again... then:





	Kimble comes out of his sleep with a start. Shivering. He 
	remembers where he is. His breathing returns to normal.



	Kimble moves across a river trestle and disappears into 
	tunnel.



	Kimble on pay phone in the rear of the store waits for 
	party 
	to answer. An old lady and her mother shop.

	Across the store a pharmacist watches Kimble.



	Kimbles watches the boys as he waits for answer. We hear 
	RINGING, then a receptionist answers:


		The law offices of Gutherie, Morgan 
		and Wainwright.


		Walter Gutherie please.


		I'm sorry, Mr. Gutherie has left 
		for the day, would you like his 
		voice mail?

	Kimble hangs up and moves down an aisle, stopping in front 
	of the hair color. He takes a box of black hair dye off the 
	shelf and looks at the instructions. When he looks up he 
	sees the pharmacist looking at him.



	A roadside diner. Kimble, his hair now black, and wearing a 
	new pair of Wranglers, hooded sweatshirt and a duffle coat, 
	moves down the road to the diner.



	Kimble enters. He sits at the counter and a sparky OLDER 
	WAITRESS, late, mid-forties, with strong good looks and 
	tough smile fills his coffee cup before he even asks.


		Need to look at the menu?


		Some soup, please.


		Good choice.

	She marks her pad and leaves. Sights ant sounds around 
	Kimble begins to occupy his attention:

	A dishwasher buses a tub of dishes back to the kitchen. He 
	stares at him.

	A farmer sitting at a table stares at Kimble, Kimble looks 
	away. A man at the pay phone seems to be staring at him. Is 
	he calling the police? Everyone seems to be looking at him.

	Someone stops in front of him. A young waitress serves him 
	his soup. Where's the first waitress?

	Takes a few sips of soup. Out of the corner of his eye he 
	sees:

	The Older Waitress putting on her coat to leave. Is she 
	going to report him? He fights the paranoia.

	A NEWS REPORT on the TELEVISION gets his attention.



	A report on the escape. A television reporter describes the 
	chase for Kimble; his jump at the dam and his presumed death 
	from the fall.

	Kimble decides it's time to leave. He drops some money on 
	the counter and exits.



	Kimble moves across the parking lot trying not to run until 
	he's out of sight of the diner. Once free of the lights of 
	the diner he starts running and disappears into the night.



	Kimble running down the road. Fields stretch out on both 
	sides of the highway. Open land. From behind him we suddenly 
	hear the sound of POLICE SIRENS. For a moment Kimble moves 
	faster, then as the SIRENS COME CLOSER, his sprint drops to 
	a jog... to a walk, until finally he stops and waits for the 
	inevitable... But the flashing lights suddenly rip past him 
	chasing a speeder. They weren't after him after all. Kimble 
	looks at himself. He's shaking.

	A moment later he is lit by headlights. A car pulls up next 
	to him, passenger window rolls down...


		Need a ride?

	Kimble stares at her.


		Which way are you going?

	She smiles and points in the direction her car is traveling. 
	They hold a look as we hear:


		We feel confident about the I.D.





	A quiet house on a quiet street out from town. A homeless 
	woman picks through garbage. A garbage truck moves slowly 
	down the street. A plumbing truck parked along a curb. Just 
	early morning traffic.

	We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the 
	street, behind a deserted house. Gerard joins them. We see 
	that Biggs is in the plumbing truck. Poole is the homeless 
	woman picking through the garbage. Newman hands Gerard a 
	radio.


		Local officials were about to wet 
		their pants to move in.


		I bet they were.
			
		Where's the woman?





	In the plumbing truck. He triggers his mike.


			
		Same room.


			
		Okay... I'll take front. Biggs and 
		Renfro, rear. Poole, handle support. 
		I don't want anyone hurt. Stay 
		outside unless called. Radios on 
		three.

	The deputies prepare their weapons. Newman checks his 
	service issue .38, stares at Gerard's Glock.


		Uh, just want me to wait here, sir?


		Hell, no. You're with me, Newman. 
		Let's go.



	DOOR CRASHES open, splintering the deadbolt right out of 
	the door.


		U.S. Marshals. Down! Down!



	Textbook perfect, Gerard and Newman rush into front room.



	Down the hall a man's figure streaks across a doorway OUT 


	A woman in the rear of the house BEGINS SCREAMING.



	Motions Newman to the left to check the door off the living 
	room while he moves down the main hall into the back 
	bedroom.



	Clearly unnerved by the screaming woman, Newman opens door 
	off the living room. The door opens into a smaller bedroom. 
	He steps into -



	It's empty. Gerard appears at the other  door to 
	the bedroom.



	Gerard motions Newman on to the door to the bathroom and 
	continues down the hall into the back bedroom where the 
	woman continues SCREAMING. He ignores her. His feet move 
	silently, heel-to-toe. He checks the bathroom as Newman 
	opens his connecting door - empty - then moves on toward 
	the doorway to the kitchen.

	Gerard moves to the kitchen doorway. Running out of house. 
	He braces himself swings into the kitchen - it too is empty.
	Suddenly Gerard gets the bad feeling he's passed his prey.





	Newman looks around, suddenly scared. The only place he 
	didn't search was behind the bedroom door. He turns just as:



	Surges out, knocks Newman's gun from his hand. In a flash, 
	Copeland yanks Newman's arm behind his back and presses a 
	knife against the deputy's neck and moves him out of the 
	room.

	We...





	He hears Copeland moving somewhere in the front of the house.


		I got your man! Now I want outta 
		here!

	Gerard moves back through the bedroom past the SCREAMING 
	woman. He locks in on the voice and sound of the moving 
	fugitive.



	Copeland listens but gets no response from Gerard. He backs 
	through the second bedroom door, pulling Newman into the -



	Newman's eyes are pure terror - the blade pressed against 
	his throat.


			
		You hear me? I said, I want out or 
		I'll cut your man's throat!



	Keeps moving down the hallway, through first bedroom, pauses 
	at door to the second bedroom and chooses his course.



	Copeland positions himself between the bedroom door and the 
	hallway opening. He's troubled he can't hear Gerard.

	Suddenly he hears a NOISE behind him at the bedroom door He 
	whips Newman around and we see:

	A shoe hits the floor. Copeland realizes his mistake too 
	late. He turns back to the hallway and there is Gerard.

	He never blinks. FIRES once killing Copeland instantly. 
	The knife falls to the floor. Newman clutches his head, 
	stunned but unhurt.

	Gerard now turns to the screaming woman behind him in the 
	bedroom doorway.


		Shut up.

	She does. Immediately.



	As coroners and tactical police mop up. Gerard moves across 
	the yard, sips coffee from Styrofoam cup. He stops at a 
	sheriff's car, Newman sits on back seat, shaken, nearly 
	hysterical, clutching his ear.


		My ear... I can't hear a thing out 
		of it. I can't believe you did that!


		You think I should have bargained 
		with him, don't you?


		Yes. You could've missed! You 
		could've killed me!


		Yeah, you're absolutely right. I 
		could've.

	They hold a look.


		How bad's your ear?


		Terrible. I probably have permanent 
		hearing damage.


		Let me see it.

	Newman leans toward him. Gerard speaks into his ear.


		I don't bargain.

	Gerard leaves. Newman watches him - realizing what a truly 
	unsettling man Gerard is.



	Kimble makes call. While he waits for phone to be answered 
	TRAINS COME and GO in the b.g. An EL CROSSES OVERHEAD. The 
	BELLS of Chicago River DRAWBRIDGE.


		Walter. It's Richard.





	Walter Gutherie answers phone from his office overlooking 
	Lake Michigan.


		Richard... Jesus, why did you run? 
		Running only makes you look guilty.


		I wasn't worrying about appearances, 
		Walter.


		Tell me where you are. I'll come
		meet you so you can turn yourself 
		in .


		I'm not turning myself in. I need 
		money.

	Gutherie is silent. When he speaks again his speech takes on 
	the lawyerly tone of a man who's covering his own bases.


		Richard. You're asking me to harbor
		and aid a convicted felon... I can't
		help you that way. My advice - both 
		as a friend and as your legal counsel 
		- is for you to give yourself up. 
		Now tell me... where are you?

	Kimble picks up the change in his attorney's tone.


			
		St. Louis.


		Give me an address. I'll be -

	CLICK. Gutherie hears the LINE GO DEAD. Kimble's gone.



	Kimble stands in the doorway with cup of coffee. He considers 
	his next move. Then seeing bank clock flash the time: 9:30 -
	he knows what that move is.



	An upscale mid-town tennis club. Behind glass windows of 
	the entryway we see tennis courts. From the courts comes Dr. 
	Charles Nichols still dressed in his warmups, carrying his 
	tennis bag. A friendly DESK ATTENDANT Sharon) smiles as he 
	goes by.


		See you tomorrow, Dr. Nichols?


		Creature of habit, Sharon.



	Dr. Nichols leaves the club. He tosses his gym bag into the 
	back of his car and drives off.



	As he pulls up to the first stoplight, a homeless man moves 
	toward the driver's side and begins washing his windshield. 
	Nichols waves the man off.


		Not today, please.

	The man shuffles off. Just then a second man appears at his 
	passenger window. He leans down to wave him away


		No. Not -

	... then stops - the face at his passenger window is 
	Richard Kimble's.


			
		Oh, my God... Richard...

	Nichols rolls down the passenger window.


		How're you doing, Charlie?


		You're alive...


		Yeah. And I need your help.


		Anything.


		I need some money. Whatever you've 
		got on you.


		Of course.

	Nichols reaches into his gym bag in the backseat and digs 
	for his wallet...


		Tell me where you're staying. I'll 
		get you more money. Some clothes. 
		Just give me an address...


		I'll call you.

	Kimble glances around, the area is still clear. He looks 
	back into the car and doesn't see the police car turn the 
	corner and come up the street behind them.

	Nichols finds his wallet ant hands all the cash he's got to 
	Kimble, who quickly pockets it.


		I know why you came back - to find 
		him. If I can help, call me... 
		Call me.

	They hold a look. The stoplight changes to green but they 
	don't see it.


		Thanks, Charlie...


		Here, Richard, take my coat...

	He reaches into the back for his coat, suddenly police car 
	behind him POPS its SIREN. Nichols looks into his rearview 
	mirror. Sees a COP lean out his window.


			
		Hey, buddy - green light. Let's go.

	Nichols looks back at Kimble. He's gone.



	REWINDING. The media room - just what it sounds like -
	banks of audio/video equipment and a sound board.

	Renfro rewinds the tape. Gerard, Biggs, Poole and Newman.


		We've alerted St. Louis P.D


		Call them back. Tell them you've 
		made a mistake.


		What?


			
		Stop it there.

	Renfro hits play. Kimble's VOICE is heard again:


		Drop the voices.

	Renfro removes the two voices. What comes up are the 

	MECHANICAL... TRAINS). Everyone becomes focused to the 
	sounds now.


			
		Listen.


		Trains? Traffic?


		More... there's a voice in the 
		background.

	At first the sound is unrecognizable. A BELL. GRINDING 
	MECHANICAL. Then a P.A. VOICE on the tape: "Next stop 
	Merchandise Mart."


		That's an El announcement.


		And there's no E1 in St. Louis. 
		Ladies and gentlemen, Richard Kimble
		is in Chicago. Poole, get his 
		artwork out to local police and have 
		C.P.D. check the shelters... Biggs, 
		bring in the detectives that handled 
		his case.

	Instantly the room is in movement.


		I'll prepare the press release.


		No.

	Stevens stops.


		They don't know he's alive and as 
		far as Kimble knows we don't either. 
		I want to keep it that way as long 
		as we can. Are we clear?

	The whole group sense Gerard's intensity in regard to 
	Kimble.


			
		Perfectly.

	Gerard reflects on a moment of personal satisfaction.


		Noah... go to my office and let's 
		officially take Dr. Kimble out of 
		purgatory.





	Morning roll call. Kimble's photo distributed to cops by 
	Detectives Kelly and Rosetti.


		As of this morning Chicago P.D. was 
		alerted to the reappearance of 
		Richard Kimble.



	Newman and Poole check train station. Looking for Kimble. 
	They show his photo to homeless people. No help.



	Holding a handkerchief to his face, Kimble moves through 
	arriving patients and enters Cook County Hospital.



	Renfro and Biggs check shelters for Kimble. They show his 
	I.D. to administrator. Look around.



	The place is humming now. Detectives Kelly and Rosetti sit 
	in front of Gerard. Gerard studies Kimble's file. Renfro 
	sits in.


		Police units have also increased 
		patrols around homeless shelters and
		mass transit stations in the city.



	Police patrol the platform looking for Kimble.



	Kimble moves past security, then pockets the handkerchief and 
	turns up a hallway, blending in with the indigents and poor.





	NURSE FLYNN, a woman about 45, attractive, smart, loyal.

	Poole and Gerard talk to her in an examination room.


		I ran his office for twelve years. 
		Yes, we were very close. But he 
		wouldn't come to me for help.



	Busy with doctors, orderlies and street people. Kimble moves 
	down hallway and enters.



	He moves into the room and takes a new patient form, looks 
	around. SEE BACK INTO the office area of the clinic. It 
	could be any hospital clinic from this view.

	But as Kimble turns to leave we see a PATIENT waiting to be 
	called. On his lap we see a prosthetic arm. Kimble looks up 
	from the arm to the man.


		Good morning.


		Good morning.

	As he turns to leave we hear:


		Don't underestimate this guy...





	Dr. Roberts from the party, talks to Biggs and Gerard as he 
	takes off scrubs to get into shower.


		R.K.'s one smart, cold sonofabitch...
		He did her, no question.





	Kimble moves down the hallway containing the janitor's 
	locker room. Janitors move in and out the door.



	Gerard walks through Kimble's house. The art and most of 
	the furniture is gone. Books are in boxes and shopping 
	bags around the room. Plastic covers the remaining pieces 
	of furniture.

	Gerard stares at the empty walls. Shadows on the walls show 
	where the art once hung. Gerard pauses, tries to absorb the 
	place. He takes a book from one of the bags and looks at it.



	Kimble moves past the lockers, racks and boxes of cleaning 
	supplies, stops at a board listing work schedules, vacation 
	leaves, locker numbers. Behind him a LOCKER SLAMS. As a 
	janitor moves off to the showers we see his locker did not 
	close but remains slightly ajar from the impact.



	Door opens revealing the janitor's clip on I.D. hanging 
	from a green shirt. Kimble steals it.



	Gerard looks at the two detectives.


		Gentlemen, I appreciate the 
		cooperation of the Chicago police...

	He moves toward them.





	A SALESMAN stands on ladder looking through pants sizes.


		Did you say, 38/34?


		No. 34/34.



	WHAP. A folded pair of green janitor's pants drops onto the 
	counter in front of Kimble. He already has the green shirt 
	to the uniform.



	Photographed.



	Kimble takes the finished photos from the delivery tray.






		Was there anything in your initial 
		investigation that would make you 
		think Kimble would come back to 
		Chicago.


		The man definitely has friends here.


		What about lady friends?


		Not that we found.





	A card on a community bulletin board advertises a basement 
	apartment for rent.


		What about the man he claimed 
		attacked his wife?

	Kimble pulls the notice from the board as we -





	Kelly and Rossetti share a look, a smile.


		Right... You ever been downwind of a 
		stockyard when the breeze is 
		blowing? That's where we were 
		sitting when Richard Kimble told that
		one...





	Kimble knocks at door. It is opened to reveal a PUNK KID, 
	18-20. He calls to someone O.S.





	A light comes on and an OLD POLISH WOMAN, her stockings 
	rolled down her shins, leads the way down the basement 
	stairs. The Punk Kid stands at the top of the stairs, 
	watches Kimble.


		We found nothing.

	The Polish woman shows him a spare but sufficient bed and 
	nightstand set up. She points to door leading up to the 
	street.





	Kimble also at work at the bedside table. He carefully cuts 
	out his do-it-yourself photograph and places it over the 
	existing photograph on the hospital I.D. The name on the 
	I.D. says: Desmondo Jose Ruiz. Then he places a thin piece 
	of lamination plastic and trims the edges.

	Kimble defaces the plastic to give it rough look, then 
	examines the finished product not bad.




		If this guy existed believe me 
		someone would've found him.



	He raises an eyebrow.





	Of medical residents. Two photographs next to each other. A
	young Richard Kimble and Charles Nichols.


		Richard Kimble... I saw him two 
		days ago.

	WE PULL BACK to see: Gerard studying the photos. Renfro 
	looks up like someone's bitten him. He, Biggs and Gerard are 
	in Nichols' administrative office. Gleaming. Filled with 
	awards and photos of Nichols and influential people. Nichols
	hangs up his lab coat and slips back into his suitcoat. He 
	shows no sign of nervousness.


		He stopped me in my car. I gave him 
		some money.


		Where was this?


		Outside our tennis -
			
		 - my tennis club.

	Gerard moves around Nichols' office taking in the details.


		Did he ask you for help?


		I volunteered. He wouldn't accept 
		it.


		Why do you think he came back to 
		Chicago?


		He didn't tell me.


		I didn't ask you that, sir. I'm sure
		he was trying to protect you from 
		having to lie for him.

	Gerard continues to move around the room, study prints, 
	books, drawings, awards and photos.


		If you're really his friend, you'll 
		help us bring him in unharmed.


		Why, so he can go back to prison? 
		If you want help, gentlemen, you've 
		come to the wrong man.

	Gerard finds a photo of Nichols and a gleaming Ferrari.


		Dr. Nichols, last year the U.S. 
		Marshals' office closed out 11,003 
		warrants... 10,975 of those were 
		captured. The twenty-eight others 
		thought they were smarter than 
		us... Now they're dead.
			
		Nice car.

	Gerard puts the photo down.



	Gerard and his deputies leave Nichols' outer office. 
	Gerard clearly feels he's come to the right man.


		Stay on him.



	Kimble mopping the trauma room hallway. The hallway elbows 
	around a corner and Kimble stands less than ten feet from 
	a door that is marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC"

	He watches a technician leave the clinic and mops closer to 
	the doorway, and fails to see an attractive WOMAN DOCTOR 
	with white coat and stethoscope draped around her neck turn 
	the corner behind him ant step on the freshly mopped 
	section.

	Head down, she is completely absorbed in a file and doesn't
	see the wet floor until she slips slightly, looks up but 
	keeps walking.


		Where's Rudy?


		They said he's sick.


		Didn't they tell you to put up the 
		sign?


		Uhhh. No they didn't.


		Put up the 'wet floor' sign before 
		someone gets hurt.

	She keeps going.


			
		Asshole.

	She looks back at Kimble.


		What did you say?


		Nothing.

	Anne keeps moving off toward trauma hall. He watches her 
	turn the corner to the trauma hallway.



	Kimble enters the dimly lit prosthetics lab.

	He moves silently among the casts and prosthetics of arms, 
	hands, legs hanging from the ceiling. Cables and electronic 
	equipment are on the counters.

	He leaves the lab and moves into the office section of the 
	Prosthetic Clinic. He passes a computer room and finally 
	reaches the office. He is about to enter when a woman's 
	voice stops him.


		Hey, Ricky... Weren't you just in 
		here?

	Kimble turns to see a PROSTHETIC TECHNICIAN. A large woman 
	with glasses. She stands with a partially finished 
	prosthetic arm.



	The one-armed man's arm coming off in the fight.




		Sorry, I thought you were Ricky.


			
		No... I've got to clean the blinds
		in the office. Want me to wait till 
		you're finished?


		Naw... I'm going to be here all 
		night. You won't bother me.

	She slips on a pair of headphones and goes back to work.





	Kimble cleaning the blinds, keeps an eye on the Technician 
	who is listening to music on her Walkman. She is carefully 
	painting a section of the arm. Not watching Kimble.





	Opened.



	Nimble looks over his shoulder. The Technician doesn't see 
	him.

	A Prosthetic Clinic Operations Manual is removed from shelf.

	Photographs of prosthetic arms. Kimble shifts the materials
	into his clothes, closes his coat and suddenly he stops.





	Kimble waits for the elevator. The folders in his uniform 
	shift and he tries to rearrange them. When he turns back 
	we see Anne Eastman beside him. Her I.D. says: 
	"ANNE EASTMAN". She sees him doing the rearranging.

	The elevator arrives. They step into:



	Anne moves to the back. Kimble on the other side.


		Hey, how're you doing?


		Fine.


		You find that sign?


		Yes, I did.


		You called me an asshole.


		Excuse me. I was having a bad 
		shift.

	They laugh. They reach ground level and step out together.


		You worked at other hospitals?


		Lots of them over the years. Here, 
		long ago. Hasn't changed much.


		I bet it hasn't. See you.

	They part ways. Kimble continues out the door. Anne stops 
	and watches him leave.



	Kimble sits on the night train going home. He begins looking 
	at his information.



	Afternoon light comes in Kimble's basement windows. Sheets 
	of Prosthetic Clinic patient material are spread over 
	Kimble's bed, floor. Kimble searches through the documents, 
	making notes. He studies photos of attachments. Cable 
	attachments. Joints. Electronics. Pins. straps... looking 
	for a key to the identity of the one-armed man.

	Finally he stops. He finds the flyer in his pocket, puts it 
	on the bedside table and moves to sink. He wets a towel and
	covers his face.

	Draws a cool damp breath. Lays back on bed amid the 
	Prosthetic Clinic material.



	Kimble pulls the arm. It separates in the one-armed man's 
	sleeve. Wrenches. Dis-articulates.



	Reacts in pain. Again. (NOTE: We sense Kimble's mind 
	returning to something. Getting closer to the key...)



	Escaping the bedroom. We hear his FOOTSTEPS DOWN the 
	STAIRS... a DOOR SLAM. FOOTSTEPS again.

	Another DOOR SLAMS, but this time the sound is distinctly 
	different... a CAR DOOR.



	Kimble yanks the wet rag from his face, his senses alert. 
	Listening, he hears: FOOTSTEPS are real, just outside and 
	MOVING TOWARD him.





	A car door slams. We see unmarked police cars pulling up in 
	front of the apartment. Cops are moving toward the house.



	Kimble turns off his light, moves from the bed to the window. 
	Carefully looks out:



	Unmarked police cars in front of the house, looking, moving 
	his way.



	Kimble moves instinctively to the back door.

	He starts to open it but through the dirty window, he sees 
	the back courtyard covered by more cops.

	Kimble moves back toward the front. Unsure of his next move, 
	he's sweating, preparing for the worst.

	He watches the TAC team charge the house but instead of 
	charging through the basement door they move up the front 
	steps and into the house overhead.

	Overhead he hears the SCREAMING from the arresting cops.



	Kimble SEES the Punk Kid try to escape out the back. He 
	runs, sees cops and runs toward Kimble's basement door, 
	actually reaching it before he is caught by the cops and
	pulled away.



	Moves toward the front window and watches cops lead the 
	Punk Kid out to the car.

	POLICE RADIOS call the other cops to stand down.

	Kimble moves slowly to his front door. Looks out.



	Cops put the young man into an unmarked police car. His 
	grandmother, the Polish woman, follows them, crying.



	Kimble leans against the wall, exhausted.



	Kimble carries his cleaning tray down busy hallway just 
	outside of the Prosthetic Clinic and stops.



	Two cops talk outside the Prosthetic Clinic.



	Kimble backs to a safe place in the trauma hallway to wait 
	for them to leave.





	The Punk Kid is handcuffed to a bench as a cop works on a 
	report. Suddenly the Kid notices something that gets his 
	attention.



	A wanted poster of Kimble over the cop's head.



	The Kid sees - Wanted for Murder - realizes who it is.


			
		Hey. Hey! I know that guy!

	The cop looks up, sees Kimble's poster and then back at the 
	Kid.





	Kimble moves toward prosthetic clinic. In passing through 
	the trauma hallway he becomes aware of a crisis developing. 
	A major accident has happened, victims are being brought in.

	The P.A. CALLS for doctors. STATIC.



	Elevator doors open as orderlies bring in new patients. 
	Some walk, some are helped by family and police. Nurses 
	direct traffic.

	Orders fly. Medicines are called. Family members yell for 
	doctors. Ask for the injured. Anne picks up the pace with 
	an ORDERLY wheeling a gurney carrying a young patient, 
	a BOY.


		What happened?


		A bus flipped off the overpass. Got
		at least twenty more coming in.


		What about this one here?


		Fractured sternum. X-ray's coming 
		up.

	Anne checks the boy's chart.


		Okay, we've got to get some room
		in this hallway, people.

	Orderlies quickly move the non-life-threatening patients out
	of the hall. Still more help is needed. Anne spots Kimble.


		Hey, take this one up the hall to
		Critical Care.

	Kimble nods. Anne moves to another patient.

	Kimble grabs the kid's gurney and begins wheeling it up the 
	hall. As he pushes he looks at the kid's X-rays.

	Anne looks up, barks another order, then suddenly sees Kimble 
	pushing the gurney and looking at the film.



	Tries to negotiate through the incoming patients to get a 
	better look, but Kimble is gone. She goes back to work.



	He wheels the Boy's gurney into an elevator. The doors 
	close.



	Kimble wheels the gurney down the hall and stops the Boy 
	on the scrub threshold to the O.R. and stops a SURGEON.


		Hey. Hey!

	A Surgeon pauses and eyes Kimble's janitor suit and the 
	gurney.


		They just sent this one up.

	He takes a look at the Boy's chart and grabs the X-rays and 
	yells to O.R. nurse.


		Bob! Get this one into room four, 
		stat.

	He looks up, Kimble is gone.



	Kimble enters the Prosthetic Clinic computer room. The 
	Technician from the day before is listening to her Walkman,
	sees Kimble and waves. Kimble waves back and turns into the 
	glass-walled computer room and closes the door.

	He closes the blinds and turns on the computer.





	The crisis has wound down. Anne moves into the room and 
	begins checking patients. She stops a unit nurse, GLADYS.


		Gladys, where's the boy I sent down 
		with the janitor?


		What boy?


		The one with the fractured sternum.


		He never came in here.



	Kimble scans DOS files, each an eight-letter enigma. Finds 
	one with promise and loads it up.


		Wrong...

	He backs up and tries another file.




	Kimble knows he's got it.



	Kimble keys in these responses:









	Anne comes out of the stairwell and stops the Surgeon we 
	saw with Kimble.


		Dave, did you see a janitor come up 
		here earlier?


		Yeah, he brought a kid up.
			
		Anne, did you write the orders? I 
		couldn't make out the signature...


		I saw -


			
		Whoever did knew what the hell he 
		was doing. Kid's a hair away from 
		a ruptured aorta.

	He heads to the operating room, leaving her stunned. She 
	stares at the scrawled orders.





	A "PLEASE WAIT" message appears on the screen. We hear the 
	COMPUTER PROCESSING, searching, narrowing.

	The screen flashes:





		Seventy-five. Hell, yes.

	Kimble types in another defining characteristic... 
	Residence: Illinois.

	Again he waits. Rattles the blinds to make it seem like he's 
	cleaning. The list shortens.




		What else?



	Prosecutor stands before the jury.


	... murdering Helen Wills Kimble the night of January 20...



	Kimble types in: "Candidates having adjustment appointments 
	between January 21, and February 1, 1993."

	Kimble waits. Sixty-five names come up. Again too many. 
	Kimble's reached a dead end.

	Kimble thinks.



	The fight with the One-Armed Man.



	Something has clicked in his memory.





	Kimble stands beneath the hanging artificial limbs. He 
	takes down an arm, works the joint.




	Kimble fights the One-Armed Man. He wrenches the man's 
	prosthetic arm.



	He moves it again. Harder, at an awkward angle.




	Kimble wrenches the arm...



	The joint strains.



	Kimble wrenches it and it BREAKS.






	A detailed diagram of arm construction.



	Kimble makes notes.





	Anne rides the elevator back to trauma. She's thinking.





	Joint repair list between January 21-April 21... Five names 
	come up with Greater Chicago addresses.

	Kimble hits print. The MACHINE begins PRINTING. Kimble 
	looks up at the Prosthetic Clinic Technician - she is 
	listening to her headphones, can't hear the printer. He 
	continues to shake the blinds.



	Kimble leaves Prosthetic Clinic and starts down the hall 
	for the exit when a voice stops him.


		Do you have a particular interest in
		our patients' x-rays?

	Kimble turns to see Anne coming toward him.


		What do you mean?


		I saw you looking at that boy's 
		chest film.

	She moves in on him. He eyes the exit.


		It's a hobby of mine -


		What other hobbies do you have? 
		Brain surgery?


	What do you want?

	She reaches him.


		I want to know how that kid ended 
		up in surgery.


		I'm a janitor. I did what I was 
		told.


		Bullshit. Who changed those orders?

	They hold a look. She knows. He takes a step back and she 
	pulls his I.D.


		You stand right here. I'm calling 
		security.

	Kimble runs. Anne turns to call security but doesn't.

	She stares after Kimble.





	Kimble's room being searched by the marshals. Gerard finds 
	the flyer Kimble was handed on his way out the door. On it
	we see: COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL.





	Anne and Gerard stand in the hallway. Gerard studies the I.D.


		A man posing as a janitor orders an 
		emergency operation and all you do 
		is pull his I.D.?


			
		A little boy's alive today because 
		he did something.

	Gerard watches her eyes carefully.


		So, you weren't aware that when he 
		escaped he was being transported to 
		Menard State Prison to begin a term 
		of life imprisonment.


		For what?


		For murdering his wife.

	Clearly this is news to Anne. Gerard almost smiles at her 
	surprise.


		Thank you for your help, Doctor.

	He moves to the position Anne saw Kimble with the kid's 
	gurney. Trying to imagine what Kimble was doing at that 
	place. Renfro and the other deputies converge.


		What I can't figure is, if you were 
		Kimble, why'd you take a major 
		league chance of hanging around a 
		trauma ward?

	Gerard considers this as a Man passes him. Gerard notices 
	something.


		The place would be crawling with cops.

	Slowly Gerard separates from the group of deputies and 
	follows the Man down the hall.

	The Man Gerard is following turns the corner to the 
	Prosthetic hallway and realizing Gerard is following him, 
	holds the hallway door open for Gerard.


		Can I help you find something?


		Thank you, sir, I think you already 
		have.

	We see the Man has a prosthetic arm and that they are outside 
	the door marked: "PROSTHETIC CLINIC"



	Restaurant deserted at this hour. Kimble makes calls.


		Yes... This is Dr. Elway at Cook 
		County. I'm doing follow-up work for 
		the Prosthetic Clinic on Matthew 
		Zelick...
			
		He did... I'm terribly sorry. No, 
		I'll correct our files. Thank you.

	He scratches through another name. Three left. He dials 
	another number.



	Gerard and his deputies inside the Prosthetic Clinic.

	Artificial limbs are being tested, fitted. A technician 
	fits a demonstration model on Biggs while Gerard and Poole 
	work with the director of the institute and a data operator 
	at the computer.


		The onearmed man. Missing the right or left hand?


		Right.

	The operator enters that information. Dropping the number to 
	250... as Poole continues.


		... age 35-45...





	Kimble on phone. He hangs up and scratches through another 
	name. Two left. He dials another number.



	Poole looks up from her file to the computer screen. The 
	number drops to 117...


		Location of the attachment.


			
		Mid-humerus.



	The next name is "Clive Driscoll." Kimble on phone, waits 
	for answer.


		Hello... looking for your brother, 
		Clive. This is Ted Riley with the 
		high school reunion committee. 
		Believe it or not, 25 years is just 
		around the corner, and Clive's on 
		our list of lost souls. Information 
		gave me a number, but when I tried 
		it...

	WIDER to reveal Kimble on the pay phone. The scrap of paper 
	is his list-of-five.


		No kidding?... Armed robbery.
			
		He's where?





	Gerard looks at the screen. The number drops to 20.


		It could take us a week to track 
		down every one of those names.

	Gerard picks up phone and dials a number.


			
		Stevens... I've got a list of names 
		I want searched for criminal history.





	Kimble stands on a sidewalk, staring at the imposing edifice 
	across the street. After a here-we-go breath, he starts 
	through traffic.



	Kimble waits for an elevator. It opens to reveal a pack of 
	staring COPS.


			
		Comin' or not?

	Forcing his feet to move, Kimble boards...



	... and pivots quickly. Elevator rises. Floor-indicator moves 
	deathly slow.

	Kimble feels the breath of a dozen COPS on his neck. And just 
	when his floor is mercifully about to arrive...

	Overhead lights flicker, and the elevator jars to a stop 
	between floors.


		Aw, shit... Not now... Anybody 
		bring a deck of cards?

	Abruptly they're moving again. Kimble's heart restarts with 
	the elevator.




			
		Booth Three. No hands on the glass. 
		Five minutes maximum. Be advised that 
		under a Federal court ruling your 
		conversation can be recorded. Next.

	"Next" is Kimble. He steps to the counter.


		Name of inmate?


		Clive Driscoll.

	The Clearing Officer spins his clipboard around.


		Sign here, print your name, address, 
		and relationship to inmate below.
			
		Two-zero-ten. Driscoll, Clive R.
			
		Be about five minutes. You can wait 
		in the hall.



	Gerard and Biggs cross the lobby and stop in front of the 
	desk; flash their U.S. Marshal's ID.


			
		We need to see a prisoner.


		Fifth floor.

	Gerard and Biggs head for the bank of elevators.


		It's hinky. Man risks everything to 
		find a man his own investigators 
		say doesn't exist. Something's really 
		hinky about this thing.

	Gerard looks at Biggs as they reach the elevators.


		I hate that word.

	He hits the up button.





	Clearing Officer looks down the hall.


		Visitor for Driscoll...?

	Kimble is on his feet.


	Booth seven. No hands on the glass. Be advised...

	The Clearing Officer, head down, drones on - doesn't notice 
	Kimble is already gone.

	Kimble strides down the row of chairs, rounds the last 
	partition to reach booth seven - and to stare at the 
	one-armed man, DRISCOLL, who waits there.


		So who are you?









	Driscoll's face is different. Driscoll is a black man. 


		Sorry. I made a mistake.


		Shit, that's okay. Stick around a 
		few minutes, talk about whatever you
		want...

	But Kimble is gone. Driscoll calls after him.


		... They're not exactly wired for 
		cable downstairs, y'know?




	Kimble exits the visitor's area. He sees another crowd of 
	COPS around the elevator again, opts for the door marked: 




	Biggs and Gerard wait for the elevator. Finally Gerard's 
	had enough.


		Where're the damn stairs?


		It's five flights!


		Then you wait.

	He finds the door and starts up.



	Kimble descending. Doors open and close throughout the 
	stairwell but the traffic is light...





	Climbing the stairs. He reaches a landing - and skims 
	shoulders with Kimble, who pivots past on his way down.

	Amazingly, neither man reacts. Not yet.

	One flight above, Gerard's subconscious taps him on the 
	shoulder and brings him to a dead stop. He leans over the 
	stairwell railing to spy...

	Kimble spiraling downward. From this vantage, it could be 
	any dark-haired man. But still...


		
		Kimble.

	Others look up out of curiosity... but not Kimble. Two 
	landings below, he falters a step, then tries to regain 
	his step, keeps moving.

	But Gerard is pulling his Glock: The hitch in Kimble's 
	stride told him everything.


		Kimble!

	Kimble blitzes down the stairs. Gerard moves after him.



	Kimble throws open a fire door and starts across the lobby. 
	Sees two cops, quickly approaches.


		Officers - there's a man in the 
		stairwell waving a gun and 
		screaming.

	The two cops rush to stairs and Kimble immediately moves
	toward the doors, fast but not running. Hoping to cloak 
	himself in civilians.



	Biggs' elevator has finally arrived and emptied. He lets a 
	woman on in front of him, oblivious to...

	Kimble moving...

	The revolving exit doors loom nearer ant nearer.



	The two cops see Gerard. Gerard holds up his badge.


		U.S. Marshal! Get on the phone, call
		your commander, tell him there's a 
		top-fifteen warrant in the building. 
		Go.

	He shoves the cops out of the way and pounds downstairs.



	Kimble closing in on the door when suddenly a KLAXON HORN 
	sounds.

	People stop in confusion. Automatically, the exit doors 
	begin closing. Biggs pushes his way off the elevator. 
	Kimble breaks into a sprint for the door.



	Bursts out the stairwell door after Kimble.


		Kimble. Stop!

	But there's only one way of stopping Kimble.



	Enters the revolving doors as a big man enters from the 
	outside. The big man sizes up the situation, realizes Kimble 
	is fleeing and just before Kimble exits - yanks on the door 
	- trapping him partially inside the revolving door.

	Other doors seal electronically. Biggs charges back, sees 
	Gerard.

	Kimble fights the heavy glass door. The big man resists - 
	but slowly the crack widens. Gerard bulls through the crowd,
	shoves a man out of his line of fire.


		Down. down. everybody down!

	With adrenal effort, Kimble wrings his body through the 
	opening...



	... and makes it outside - except for his foot - caught like 
	in a bear trap, as the door locks down. Harrowed, Kimble looks
	back over his shoulder at...

	Gerard. Charging the glass doors. Civilians suck marble and 
	clear out of Gerard's line of fire on Kimble. Gerard takes aim.


		Kimble. Stop!

	It's Kimble's nightmare coming true. If he could chew off his 
	leg right now, he would. He pulls at his foot just as



	Gerard FIRES seven times in two seconds.

	Kimble goes down. SHOTS and SCREAMS ECHO around the lobby. A 
	long beat, then Gerard rises. THROUGH GLASS studded with 
	bullet holes, he sees...

	Kimble rising... staring back. Equally astounded that he's 
	alive. He runs free.


		Open the doors!

	Gerard pounds against the doors. Sees cratering in the 
	glass - and then sees flattened slugs all over the floor. 
	It's bullet-proof glass. THROUGH the glass he sees Kimble 
	rush across the street and disappear into the parade.

	Doors open and Gerard and his men follow.

	But Kimble has disappeared into the parade celebrations 
	outside. Blending in with the marchers.





	Kimble leaves a cheap hotel early the next morning. He wears
	a new set of clothes - jeans, sport coat and tie - than the
	day before, and the black hair coloring has been rinsed from
	his hair. He moves down the street.



	Kimble uses a pay phone and stares through the window.



	Across the street.



	Inside the apartment the PHONE RINGS. No one is home.



	The PHONE RINGS nine, ten times. As Kimble waits he looks 
	down at his list of five. The only name remaining is 
	Fredrick Sykes.

	He looks down the street - it seems clear - then his focus 
	shifts to a man carrying two coffees. He approaches a car 
	parked along the curb. The passenger - a woman - leans 
	across the seat and opens the door for him.

	He hands her a cup of coffee and as he starts to climb in, 
	he shifts something on his hip - we see the butt of a 
	handgun.

	Kimble hangs up and leaves through the back door.



	Kimble moves across the roof and drops to fire escape behind 
	Sykes' apartment. He looks in the window, steps back to see 
	if anyone is looking, then pulls his fist back into his 
	sleeve and with one swift pop, BREAKS the GLASS.



	No sound. Slowly he moves into...



	Moving first toward the living room. The apartment is 
	modest.

	He stops by a photograph of a teenage girl. Another is a 
	boy in football uniform. The next one is a man in a 
	police uniform. Kimble freezes.



	Kimble struggles with the one-armed man.



	Kimble struggles to recall the man's face. It could be him.





	Kimble searching for clues to Sykes' identity. He opens 
	closets, wardrobe, bureau... reopens a drawer. There, in the 
	bottom he finds an old prosthetic arm.





	Kimble looking through Sykes' desk drawers finds a package 
	of photographs. He opens them and quickly flips through.



	A group of men on a business/vacation junket stand around a 
	large sportfish hung from the dock. Kimble keeps flipping 
	through, suddenly stops and backs up and we see what stopped 
	him: The smiling face of Dr. Alexander Lentz.



	Nichols introduces Kimble to Lentz.


		Richard... Alex Lentz.



	There are three photos of Lentz. Kimble slowly pulls one out 
	of the pack. As he slides it out we see a fish and on the 
	other side we see... Sykes, wearing a prosthetic arm.



	Kimble struggles with intruder. This time we see his face 
	clearly. It is Sykes.



	Kimble flips back to the earlier group photos and we see a 
	Devlin-MacGregor banner over the group shot.



	Looks up. He's found the man he's looking for but also a new 
	possibility - that the murder wasn't just a random act of 
	violence.

	Kimble digs through Sykes' top desk drawer. His mind reeling.
	He stops:



	The Devlin-MacGregor Pharmaceutical logo in the top right 
	corner. Payroll level four: Security.





	PHONE RINGS. SECRETARY answers it.


		U.S. Marshal's office...

	Her expression changes to shock.





	Gerard is moving down the hall with a cup of coffee when 
	the Secretary appears at a door.


		It' 9 Kimble on line three.

	Gerard moves quickly down the hall, mobilizing his troops 
	as he runs...


		Renfro, Biggs...

	They follow him into...



	Gerard moves to phone as TECHNICIAN gives him nod he's
	ready. Gerard answers the phone and the trace begins. 
	Renfro supervises.


		This is Gerard.


			
		Do you remember what I told you in 
		the tunnel?


		You told me, you didn't kill your 
		wife.






		Remember what you said to me?



	Gerard is calm.


		I remember you were pointing my gun 
		at me.


		You said, 'I don't care.'



	The numbers rush down. Technician reads the first set 
	to Renfro.


			
		He's on the southside.




		That's right, Kimble... I'm not 
		trying to solve a puzzle here. I'm 
		just the poor working man that's 
		paid to hunt you down.

	The room is filling up with deputies. Poole, Biggs, 
	Stevens, Newman.

	Gerard watches the numbers as the second digit locks in.


			
		He's in Pullman area... Fifteen 
		seconds for location.




		Well, I am trying to solve the 
		puzzle, Gerard and I just found a 
		piece.

	Kimble takes the phone and bangs it down onto a table and 
	we realize he is in Sykes' kitchen.



	The sound startles Gerard.


		Three seconds.





		Kimble?

	Kimble leaves the phone on the table and walks out.




			
		You can't control this thing, 
		Kimble... Kimble?

	He thinks he hears FOOTSTEPS over the phone, realizes Kimble 
	has not hung up. What's Kimble doing?


			
		Where is he?

	Renfro looks up from the address to Gerard, stunned.


			
		Holy shit. We've got a car there 
		right now.

	He picks up a phone.



	The two cops receive a radio report about Kimble and 
	quickly exit their car. They rush toward Sykes' building.



	While they move into the apartment, we see Kimble, fully 
	aware of them, slip away down the alley.



	CLOSE ON LIST: Sykes. Lentz. Devlin-MacGregor. R.D.U.90. 
	Lines draw connections.



	Kimble and Chief Resident work feverishly to save patient.


		This an R.D.U.90 patient?

	Kimble looks up at the Resident as we...





	CLOSE ON TELEPHONE RECEIVER. It BUZZES off the hook.


		Name is Fredrick Sykes. 45. Ex cop .

	A hand comes INTO FRAME ant replaces the receiver on the 
	cradle. We WIDEN to find: Gerard. We see technicians 
	dusting room for prints. A FORENSIC TECH approaches Gerard.


		Inspector, we're ready for you to 
		look at this.

	The Forensic Tech sits at desk.


		Kimble's prints are all over the 
		apartment, but the concentration 
		is here.

	The Tech takes out the check stubs, some papers; the pack 
	of photos.



	The Tech flips through the pack, stops on the Lentz/Sykes 
	photos.


		He flips through the pack but 
		paused here.

	He hands the Lentz/Sykes photo.


		Let me see the negatives.

	The Tech hands him the strip of negative film. Gerard holds 
	it up to the light.


		One's missing.

	Gerard stares at the photo as his RADIO SQUAWKS.


			
		Here he comes...





	Fredrick Sykes, the one-armed man, comes down the side 
	walk. He passes a car and hears the door open behind him. 
	Biggs climbs out of the car and falls into step behind him.

	Sykes hears the footsteps but moves on up the stoop and 
	starts to enter his apartment, notices the front door 
	already open.

	Cops and Marshals in his house. Processing a crime scene.


		What the hell's going on here? 
		Who are you people?

	He steps...



	... sees Gerard in the kitchen. Gerard stares at Sykes.


		You had a break-in, Mr. Sykes.


		You a cop?


		My name is Gerard. U.S. Marshal's 
		Office.

	Sykes is caught off guard.


		This morning a fugitive named 
		Richard Kimble made a call from your
		apartment.

	Sykes is dumbfounded.


		Richard Kimble... I don't know a 
		Richard Kim -

	Poole produces a photo of Kimble.


		Wait a minute... This is the doctor 
		who killed his wife... He claimed 
		the killer had a prosthetic limb. 
		You telling me he's coming after 
		me?


		Would he have a reason to?


		What the hell's that supposed to 
		mean? Because I have this?

	He lifts his prosthetic arm and stares at Gerard. Gerard 
	holds his look.


		Look, a year ago some people came 
		to see me. They asked me questions 
		about the night of the murder and 
		I'll tell you the same thing I told
		them. I wasn't even in town then. 
		I was on a business trip.

	Gerard continues moving around the apartment.


		What kind of business are you in, 
		Mr. Sykes?


		Security.


		Independent?


		No, I work for a pharmaceutical 
		company. I handle security for its 
		top executives.

	Gerard holds up one of the fishing photographs with Lentz.


		Any idea why Kimble would be 
		interested in these?


		No. Just some doctors on a company 
		junket.

	Gerard puts the photos down with the one of Lentz on top. 
	Sykes eyes it.


			
		Look, you mind if I talk to the cops 
		to see if anything's missing?


		By all means.

	Sykes moves off and Gerard pockets the Lentz/Sykes photo.





	Gerard crosses the street with Renfro and Biggs.


		He's pulling our chain, Sam. If this
		was the guy Kimble was looking for, 
		why call us?


		Kimble said he's putting together a 
		puzzle. We don't need to put it 
		together too, we just need to be 
		there when he gets to the next 
		piece.

	Gerard stops and looks back at Sykes' apartment.


		Keep somebody on him. If he moves 
		I want to know.





	Kimble moves through large medical library and turns into 
	area marked: PHARMACOLOGY.





	Pages turn as we get CLOSER on headings: "DRUGS PENDING 
	FDA APPROVAL..." Experimental and commercial names MOVE 
	PAST us... and at the end of the list we find: "PROVASIC 
	 Developed by Devlin-MacGregor Pharmaceuticals".



	Kimble opens to article entitled: "DEVLIN-MACGREGOR 
	EXPECTS PAYDIRT WITH PROVASIC." "Pharmaceutical company 
	plans to go public on introduction of new drug, Provasic 


	Kimble looks up. Now he knows why someone tried to kill 
	him. He gathers more Devlin-Macgregor information 
	including a prospectus, and leaves.





	An OPERATOR answers a call.


			
		I'm sorry sir, Dr. Nichols is at a 
		medical conference at the Hilton.






		It's very important I reach him.



	A meeting is underway around a board room table. An 
	ASSISTANT moves around the table and gives Nichols a 
	message with a number and "URGENT" written on it.


		I'm sorry, sir, they said it was an 
		emergency.

	Nichols excuses himself from the table.



	Kimble answers a pay PHONE when it RINGS.


			
		Can you talk?





	Nichols on phone at the other end of the suite. The meeting 
	continues behind him. As soon as he hears Kimble's voice, 
	Nichols reacts.


			
		Richard. Yes... I'm on a hotel 
		phone. What's going on?

	He eyes the group in the other room, moves around the corner 
	for more privacy. As he does we notice several of the men 
	watching. They exchange glances.


		I found him, Charlie. I found the 
		guy that killed Helen.


			
		What?


		It's all about a drug, Charlie. They 
		tried to kill me because of a drug.


		Who?


		Devlin-MacGregor and Lentz. Lentz 
		was supervising the R.D.U.90 
		protocol. He knew I'd found out the
		drug had problems. It's Lentz.


		Richard, Lentz is dead. He died in 
		an auto accident last summer.

	Kimble is stunned.


		Can you prove this about the drug?


		I need your help. Call Mr. Roosevelt 
		and tell him I'm coming in.





	The group of deputies and Gerard assemble around Gerard's 
	information board. They've come armed with facts and 
	theories. Gerard orchestrates the information.


		If you were Richard Kimble... Why 
		would you hunt for a one-armed man 
		you think killed your wife; find 
		hint then leave him and call us?


		To throw us off his trail.


		Unless... What if you were a well 
		respected surgeon and wanted to kill 
		your wife? How would you do it?


		I'd hire a pro. Sight unseen.


		Set it up to look like a robbery 
		gone bad.


		How would you find him? Look in the 
		phone book?


		Through a connection.


		Maybe through a company you did some 
		business with.


		Like a pharmaceutical company. 
		Someone in security.


		On the night of his wife's murder, 
		Kimble attended a hospital benefit 
		sponsored by Devlin-Macgregor 
		Pharmaceutical - Sykes' company.

	Gerard places a Devlin-Macgregor card onto his board.


		But Sykes claims he was out of town.


		And company records support that he 
		was on a business trip.


		That's an easy fix. So let's say he 
		was in town. Did the job. Everything 
		goes as planned with one problem.


		Instead of looking like a robbery 
		gone bad, Kimble ends up being the 
		one accused...


		... tried, convicted...


		... and the hit man gets away clean.


		So Kimble returns to hunt for and 
		find the hit man.


		Why? To share the blame? He'd still 
		go to prison.

	Gerard moves to the board. He takes down a card.


		You're underestimating the power of 
		the good doctor. It would be his 
		word against... Sykes'. Who would 
		you believe?


		So what does Kimble do next?


		Get help.

	Gerard pins the card to the board and looks at Renfro. It 
	says: "NICHOLS"


		Stevens, check phone records for 
		Sykes and Kimble.

	Gerard moves to the door and Renfro follows. As he's 
	leaving he hands the photo of Lentz and Sykes to Biggs.


		Find out who this guy is.

	He leaves. Biggs hands the photo to Newman.


			
		Why do I get all the great jobs?



	Kimble enters the hospital through the loading dock.



	MR. ROOSEVELT, an ancient research assistant, opens the 
	door to Kimble.


		It sure is good to see you again, 
		Dr. Kimble.


		You too, Roosevelt... Been a long 
		time.

	Roosevelt closes the door behind them.



	Roosevelt brings Kimble a file marked: "R.D.U.90"


		This is the R.D.U.90 file and 
		samples. Dr. Nichols said you 
		needed.


		Thanks, Roosevelt.





	A cop stares up at Sykes' house from across the street.



	Sykes watches the cops in the car outside. He moves to the 
	phone and dials number.


		Emergency operator.


		I want to report a fire; No, it's 
		not my place, it's a couple doors 
		down.





	Kimble moves down hall and quietly enters a small research 
	lab in the university. Dr. Wahlund sits behind her microscope 
	and doesn't see him until he touches her on the shoulder.


			
		Oh, my God... Richard.


		I loaned you something once, Kath, 
		and I need them back.





	Sykes, dressed in coat and tie, prepares to leave apartment. 
	Somewhere in the distance we hear: FIRE ENGINE SIRENS.



	The cop stares at Sykes' window when suddenly we hear FIRE 
	SIRENS, and a pair of fire trucks turn onto the street and 
	pull up across the street from the unmarked car -blocking 
	the view of Sykes' house. Firemen climb down and move to a 
	nearby building. The street begins to fill up with people.

	The cop stares at the commotion directly behind him. He 
	becomes so engrossed in the action like everyone else that 
	he fails to see Sykes, using the distraction, exit his 
	apartment and walk calmly away from the scene.



	Newman studies the photograph of Lentz and Sykes under a 
	magnifying glass.



	We see the logo on Lentz' shirt says: "C M H"



	Sykes stands at a phone booth, finishes a call, then moves 
	up the stairs to board an el train.



	A conference breaks up and Nichols moves down hallway.

	He slows when he sees Gerard and Renfro waiting for him.


		Mr. Gerard.


		Doctor. Could I have a minute?

	He opens the door to an empty meeting room.



	Gerard, Nichols and Renfro. Nichols stares at a photo copy 
	of the Sykes and Lentz fishing photo.


		He's a security specialist at 
		Devlin-Macgregor Pharmaceuticals.

	Kimble broke into his apartment.


		I don't know him. You're getting 
		pretty desperate aren't you, Mr. 
		Gerard. I told you, you wouldn't 
		find Richard.


			
		Dr. Kimble hasn't come back to you 
		for help, has he?


		No. And it seems like we've been 
		over this ground before. Now if 
		you'll excuse me.

	Nichols moves to the door. Gerard looks again at the photo, 
	then stops him.


		Dr. Nichols. Do you know the other
		man in the photograph?

	Nichols stops, looks at Lentz and lies.


		I never saw him before.

	He leaves. Gerard watches him.

	Renfro looks down and sees flyer which says Nichols is 
	slated to talk that evening in the grand ballroom.


			
		"Advances in Nuclear Tissue and 
		Pathology Research," by Dr. Charles 
		Nichols.
			
		I bet they line up to hear that one.





	Newman and Biggs enter the hospital.



	MICROSCOPIC POV: Cell structure.



	She works the fluorescent stains. Makes notes.

	Kimble helps load the next sample.


		Half the people in the study were 
		indigents. No follow-up, no baseline 
		on them. Who could say they didn't 
		come into the study with bad livers?


		The one on the right is one of the 
		samples you sent me. It shows a lot 
		of perriportal inflammation loaded 
		with eosinophils. When you see that 
		with the accumulation of bile it's 
		a classic for -


		- drug induced hepatitis.


		I'm impressed. Now look at this.

	She positions a second slide.


		According to the study, this is a 
		slice from the same liver.

	Kimble studies the slide. The tissue difference is markedly 
	different, clearer.


		Cold normal.


		Clearly not from the same tissue. 
		In fact.

	She yields the microscope to Kimble.


		See this small area of bile duct 
		proliferation? Von Meyenberg's 
		Complex. Occurs in only 2% of the 
		population. But it's in every one 
		of your five samples.

	Kimble looks up.


		That's statistically impossible.


		That's because they're all from the 
		same liver.

	She smiles at Kimble.





	Newman shows the photo to a 40s clerk, BETTY. She looks at 
	the photo.


		His name's Lentz. A pathologist. I 
		only remember him because he died 
		last summer.

	Biggs and Newman exchange a look.


		Anybody down in pathology who might 
		know something about the guy?

	Betty looks at the clock, it's after 6 p.m. Dicey.


		It's kinda late to catch anyone, 
		but you might go by the morgue. 
		There's an old guy down there 
		who's been around forever.





	Sykes steps off an elevator at Chicago Memorial Hospital. 
	And starts down a hall.





	Newman and Biggs move down the empty hallway... this long 
	shot has never felt longer. They find the morgue.


		Just what I want to do before 
		dinner.



	Roosevelt working near the autopsy tables when the two 
	marshals enter.


		Are you Mr. Roosevelt?


		Yes.


		We're United States Marshals. We're 
		trying to find out some information 
		about a pathologist, named Lentz. He 
		used to be on staff here.

	Roosevelt suddenly goes on the defensive.


		He's dead.


		Yeah, we heard. We wanted to know if 
		he knew or had any contact with Dr. 
		Richard Kimble?

	On the mention of Kimble, Roosevelt becomes visibly nervous.


		I... I haven't seen Dr. Kimble.

	Biggs and Newman exchange a look.


			
		That's not what I asked, sir. I just 
		wanted to know if Dr. Kimble and Dr. 
		Lentz knew each other?


		I... I don't know. Excuse me, I got to go.

	He moves away from the autopsy table. Biggs stops him.


		I think you're lying to us.

	Roosevelt looks from one marshal to the other as we:





	As Kathy packs up evidence, Kimble looks through the reports.


		They'd be home free if I hadn't been 
		leaning on them to account for the 
		livers I was seeing. And I wouldn't 
		have seen the livers if I hadn't 
		told the guys on my service to call
		me when they had cases that were 
		bleeding excessively in surgery.


		Big bucks. One schmuck standing in 
		the way. Easy, get rid of him and 
		his wife. But why Lentz?


		Why not? He's one of the original 
		patent holders. Toss the samples I 
		sent, replace them with healthy 
		samples, issue the path report on 
		the healthy stuff-piece of cake.

	Kimble notices something in the report.


		When did Lentz die?


		Oh, last summer sometime. August... 
		Why?

	Kimble looks up from the protocol report.


		Because a good third of the samples 
		Lentz approved were signed after he 
		died.

	Kathy comes to look at the report. Lentz's signature is 
	on reports dated October, November, December.


		Someone else used Lentz's name.


		A pathologist at Devlin-Macgregor?


		They wouldn't have had the access. 
		They would have needed someone at 
		the hospital.

	Kimble opens the Devlin-Macgregor prospectus he took from 
	the medical library and opens it to the beginning. A photo 
	gets his attention.

	He takes the bag and starts for the door.


		Where are you going?


		To see an old friend.





	Gerard at his board. The cards form a triangle: Sykes 
	Devlin-Macgregor - Lentz with Kimble at the apex. He stares 
	at the board. Poole comes to the door.


		It's Newman. Line two.



	Kimble slips down corridor. We see someone following him. 
	It is Sykes.



	Newman on portable phone. Behind him Biggs questions Mr. 
	Roosevelt.


		The old guy didn't know where he was 
		going. But he picked up some tissue 
		samples.


		Tissue samples?

	Gerard goes to his board. Renfro listens on the speakerphone.


		... From a drug study. And signed 
		for by Dr. Charles Nichols.

	Renfro and Gerard exchange a look.


		Nichols also knew Lentz. He was a 
		pathologist.


		He was covering for Kimble.


			
		Get CPD to bring in Sykes.

	Gerard stares at the board.





	Kimble moves through steam tunnel beneath the hospital.

	It is lined with old furniture and supplies. A few moments 
	later we see Sykes following.





	A cordial HOST steps up to the microphone. The room is 
	filled with doctors seated at tables around the room. It is 
	the end of a dinner symposium.


		Tonight to close our conference, 
		we're honored to hear a report from 
		one of the most respected men in 
		his field...





	Kimble exits the hospital and moves toward Hospital E1 Station.



	As the Host continues his introduction of the keynote speaker 
	we PAN the DAIS of distinguished medical men and women...


		... He is the A. Jude Robinson 
		Fellow and Administrative Chief of 
		Pathology at Chicago Memorial 
		Hospital... and just recently has 
		been appointed member of the board 
		of directors for Devlin-Macgregor 
		Pharmaceuticals. Please welcome...

	... and STOP ON Charles Nichols.


		... Dr. Charles Nichols.

	Nichols rises to applause and moves to the podium.



	Kimble starts up the stairs to the station just as a train 
	is coming in. Kimble moves down the platform and boards the 
	downtown train. Just before the doors close Sykes steps onto 
	the last car. The train moves out.





	Gerard stares at his board. Stevens comes to the door.


		I checked Sykes' calls for the last 
		two years against Kimble's like you 
		asked and found nothing.


		All right. It was a thought.

	He goes back to the board but Stevens isn't finished.


		But when I cross-checked Kimble's 
		phone records... one came up.

	Gerard looks up.


		Kimble called Sykes.
			
		Renfro! Get C.P.D. to bring in Sykes!


		Night of his wife's murder - 
		seven-thirty in the evening from 
		his car.

	Gerard stares at the deputy, thinking - something doesn't 
	click. Stevens sees the empty stare, then Gerard looks 
	back at his board.


		I have the phone record right here.


			
		Poole! Bring me Kimble's arrest 
		report, now.
			
		No, Stevens... I believe you.

	Poole enters with Kimble's arrest transcript. Gerard takes 
	the transcript as Renfro appears at the door.


		Sam, C.P.D. just checked Sykes' 
		apartment. He's not there.

	As Gerard looks up, we -





	Sits in the front car. There are very few other riders.

	A man with newspaper sits across the car reading. The 
	headlines facing Kimble say: "KIMBLE IN CHICAGO". Kimble's 
	booking photo stares back at him.

	Kimble reacts to the headline, looks away as the man turns 
	the pages.

	The man looks over the newspaper at Kimble, then goes back 
	to reading. A moment later he folds the paper back to the 
	front page.

	The man looks up from the paper and looks at Kimble again,
	then down.

	Coolly the man folds the paper, tucks it under his arm, 
	stands, looks through the car, then moves into one of the 
	rear cars.

	Kimble looks out the window - hoping desperately for his 
	car to reach the station. He keeps his head turned until 
	the man is gone.



	From the center of Kimble's car we see the man with the 
	newspaper move up to a TRANSIT COP. They begin talking.

	Kimble stands, coming INTO the SHOT. We see him watching 
	the discussion.

	Suddenly a man, sitting in the rear of the car, stands 
	and blocks Kimble's view of the Cop. It's Sykes. His gun 
	is drawn.


		Back up. Move to the door, Doc.





	Transit Cop moves past the man with the newspaper toward 
	Kimble's car.


			
		This is transit unit, 23. I have a 
		possible sighting of Richard Kimble. 
		Northbound coming into the Balbo 
		station. Request immediate back-up 
		at the station.

	He moves toward the connecting door to Kimble's car.





	The train is not yet to the station. He has no escape. 
	Sykes moves toward him.


		This is my stop, Doc.

	Kimble stares hard at Sykes. He steps toward the side 
	exit.


		Good, it's my stop, too.

	Suddenly the door behind Sykes opens and the Transit Cop 
	enters.


		Kimble.
			
		Sir, move away from him.

	Sykes - the gun tucked next to his side - turns.

	The Cop sees Sykes' gun, reacts...

	But Sykes FIRES first, shoots the cop FOUR TIMES.

	As the Cop falls, Sykes turns quickly to finish Kimble. 
	But Kimble pulls the emergency brake over the door.



	The brakes lock. The TRAIN SCREECHES.



	Passengers are thrown off their feet. Bags and briefcases 
	go flying.



	Sykes is thrown forward toward Kimble who holds onto a bar 
	for balance.



	The train stops just short of the station. Only the first 
	two windows of the front car are over the platform.



	Sykes is thrown to the floor - the gun slips from his grasp. 
	Kimble moves for the gun as Sykes comes up, catches Kimble 
	in the stomach, knocks him back. The fight carries on 
	throughout the car.

	Kimble reaches the gun first, lifts it in his left hand and 
	aims at Sykes. Sykes sees the gun in Kimble's hand and 
	almost smiles.


	Go ahead. You don't have it in you .

	For a moment Kimble almost fires, but instead he takes the 
	gun in his right hand and whips it across Sykes' face. 
	Then hits Sykes again and again with the butt of the gun, 
	driving him down the length of the car, knocking him almost 
	unconscious.

	Kimble tucks the gun in his belt and moves to the Transit 
	Cop. He checks for a pulse - there is none. The Cop is dead.

	Kimble takes the handcuffs and keys from the case on the 
	Cop's belt. He reaches for Sykes' wrist, drags him to the 
	Cop and cuffs Sykes to the dead Cop.

	He pockets the keys and grabs Sykes' hair, pulls his face 
	off the floor.


		Not as easy as Helen, was it?
			
		You missed your stop.

	He moves to the front of the car with Sykes' and the Transit 
	Cop's guns out. People back out of his way. He moves to 
	where the first two windows extend over the platform, kicks 
	out the front window and...



	... drops to the station platform. Kimble lowers his head and 
	moves down the uncrowded platform to the station.



	The report comes off the scanner.


		... units in the vicinity of Balbo 
		Street station. Be alert to possible 
		sighting of Richard Kimble...

	Gerard, Renfro and Poole trade looks. Gerard moves toward 
	the door.


		Balbo station. That's -


			
		Poole, get Biggs and Newman.

	They're gone as we -





	Police cruisers pull outside the station.



	As transit police move up the escalator to the platform, 
	Kimble moves unnoticed through the underground mall 
	beneath the hotel. Deposits the guns into a mail box and 
	keeps moving.



	Renfro driving, Gerard and Pool in car. Report comes over 
	the radio.


		... all units in vicinity of Balbo 
		E1. Officer down. Repeat, officer 
		down. Man leaving scene with two 
		guns matches description of Richard 
		Kimble...

	Gerard looks out the window, he knows what this means.


			
		Damn...



	Kimble moves up escalators from the underground station 
	into the Hilton.



	Disheveled and driven, he moves from the escalators to the 
	lobby - checks the list of hospitality suites and sees 
	board which indicates Nichols speech in the rooftop 
	ballroom. He moves on to the main elevators.





	Nichols speaking. As he talks we MOVE TO...



	Listening - the same men we saw in the hospitality suite 
	when Nichols talked to Kimble. As we MOVE TIGHTER ON one 
	of the men, we notice his name tag says: Board of 
	Directors... Devlin-MacGregor Pharmaceuticals.



	Kimble rides alone to the rooftop ballroom.





	Gerard's car pulls up in front of the hotel. Police are 
	controlling pedestrians. Newman and Biggs, already decked 
	out in Kevlar, meet him.


		C.P.D. just reported -


		I heard. Was it Kimble?


		Conflicting reports, but the cops 
		are considering him a shooter.

	Heavily-armed CPD units pull up. Gerard stares at the police 
	presence. He starts toward the hotel where Kelly is 
	conferring with Kevlar-decked police captain.


		Witnesses say he entered hotel from 
		the subway.


		Okay. I want it locked down. Start 
		on the lower levels.

	The captain moves off. Gerard intercepts the cop.


		That's my man in there, Kelly.


		Not since he took down one of ours, 
		Gerard. This is a police matter,
		now. Stay, the hell, out of it.

	Kelly moves off. Gerard watches him a moment then he looks 
	up to the roof. Newman hands Gerard his belt with his 
	backup piece.


		C'mon, I know where he's going.

	He moves into the hotel with his deputies.





	A) C.P.D. cruisers arriving. Cops deploying to points of 
	entry. Security guards keying shut parking garage and 
	blocking stairwells.

	B) Helicopter with police sharpshooters takes off from 
	Meigs Field downtown and heads for the hotel.





	Kimble exits the elevators and moves down the corridor to 
	the ballroom. A man tries to stop him at the doors, Kimble 
	simply moves him out of the way and opens the doors to:





	Nichols moves to the last of his speech as Kimble enters 
	at the rear


		... And I especially would like to 
		thank my researchers who helped me...

	Nichols stops his speech - stunned to see Kimble.


		Richard...


		What's wrong, Charlie? Surprised?

	Kimble begins moving down the aisle past the tables of 
	doctors toward the podium.

	We see the faces of Kimble's colleagues and friends from 
	the ballroom sequence earlier. At first no one notices 
	Kimble but as he makes his way toward the dais, the 
	applause fades and then room quiets. Whispers of:


		It's Richard. It's Kimble.

	Stunned expressions.

	Kimble continues to the front, talking to Nichols as if 
	the room were empty.


		After Lentz died, you were the only 
		one that had access to the 
		pathology reports.

	Nichols remains calm.


		Reports? What are you?


		You switched the samples and 
		falsified the reports so R.D.U.90 
		could get approval.


		Richard, I don't know what you're 
		talking about?...


		I have a set of the original 
		samples.

	Nichols stares at Kimble and for the first time we see a 
	flicker of concern.


		You almost pulled it off, Charlie. 
		But I know all about it now, and I 
		can prove it.

	Nichols and Kimble hold a look. Nichols turns to the audience.


		Ladies and gentlemen. My friend, as 
		you can see, is obviously not well. 
		Richard, if you want to talk -


		I didn't come here to talk

	Nichols leaves the dais and heads toward the exit.

	Kimble tracks along with him - moving through the tables - 
	passing the table with the Devlin-MacGregor board of 
	directors. They are disturbed by this situation.



	Moves through a door and exits into...



	Kimble follows moving through the tables and people to 
	reach the door.

	As soon as he's gone there are calls for "security." Doctors 
	move for the exits.





	Gerard, Renfro, Newman, Biggs and Poole move into the lobby.
	Police move to cover the lower floors.


		C.P.D. has the perimeter, hotel 
		security has the parking structure.


		Let them keep busy down below. 
		Newman, get with security. See if 
		you can locate Kimble from the 
		monitors. Keep in radio contact.

	Newman branches off to Hotel Security. The rest follow 
	Gerard to the rooftop elevators.



	ROARING over Chicago skyline. The bright red sign of the 
	Hilton Hotel looms ahead.





	Nichols moves down hallway and turns into a hospitality 
	suite. A moment later Kimble follow and enters the...



	... and is immediately smashed with a chair by Nichols. 
	Kimble goes flying, stunned. Nichols locks the door.


		Your best quality, Richard, is that 
		you don't give up -

	Nichols pulls Kimble to his feet.


		... even when it's clearly in your 
		best interest to...

	He hits him again, drives him back into the library.

	Kimble tries to recover as Nichols relentlessly stays on 
	him. He pulls him up, slams him against the fire escape 
	doors.


		I always knew that I'd have to kill 
		you.

	He drives a blow into Kimble's stomach.


		Now, I must thank you for giving me 
		200 witnesses tonight who will 
		support me... when I tell them it 
		was self-defense...

	He shoves Kimble through the door out into...



	... and almost over the railing. Kimble grabs the rail to 
	keep from dropping to the street. Nichols closes on him, 
	but Kimble rolls away at the last minute and knocks 
	Nichols back against the other side of fire escape.


		You missed your chance, Charlie...

	Nichols charges Kimble, but Kimble drives him back with 
	two crushing blows that send Nichols down the stairs.

	Kimble moves down the stairs after him - passing under a 
	security camera.





	A room lined with security monitors. Two security personnel 
	sit in front of their console. Newman stands behind them.

	On screen: We see Kimble moving down the stairs toward 
	Nichols, who pulls himself to his feet.

	Newman stands in front of the screen, talks to his radio.


			
		I've got Kimble on the roof with 
		Nichols. Southeast exit.





	Gerard and deputies Poole, Biggs, and Renfro around him.


			
		Keep and eye on him. Biggs has roof plans.


		There are four exits to the roof.


		I want them covered.



	Nichols rises to his feet, swings, but Kimble blocks the 
	blow and lands another that sends Nichols down another 
	set of stairs to the roof.


		You took everything away from me... 
		for money.



	Gerard and the marshals reach the ballroom floor. The 
	elevator doors open to a flood of confused and disoriented 
	doctors trying to escape. The marshals wade through, meet 
	up with two hotel security guards.


		This way.



	Kimble pulls Nichols to his feet. They are silhouetted by 
	the lights of the city skyline.


		I want to know, Charlie... was it 
		worth it...?


		This thing is bigger than even you 
		think, Richard. You can't stop it.

	He hits Nichols again with tremendous force, knocking him 
	against the parapet. Nichols stares over the edge - the 
	street appears far below.



	Gerard and his deputies work their way into the ballroom. 
	The deputies move to separate areas. Several doctors point 
	them in the direction Kimble and Nichols fled.





	Newman stands in front the security monitors and watches 
	Kimble and Nichols on the roof.



	Kimble reaches Nichols and draws to hit him again as the 
	HELICOPTER suddenly ROARS over the rooftop. Its beam hits 
	the two men and a VOICE booms from the helicopter:


		Chicago police. Freeze.

	In the instant of shock, Nichols knees Kimble and bolts.





	Gerard moves down connecting hallway where a couple of 
	concerned doctors are trying to open the door to the 
	hospitality suite.


			
		Clear the hallway.
			
		Get that door open.

	The door opens and Gerard moves quickly through the 
	hospitality suite for the rooftop.


			
		Stay at this door.

	He moves through the door to the roof alone.



	Newman watching the security monitors sees Kimble and 
	Nichols. On another monitor we see Gerard exit the suite.



	Nichols runs.

	Kimble recovers, sees Gerard moving down the fire escape 
	toward him, and Nichols escaping. He goes after Nichols.

	The helicopter circles back over the roof, illuminating the 
	rooftop in its million-candle-power beam.


		I've got a visual on Kimble. He's 
		running.





	Kelly listens on his ratio.


		Bring him down.



	Kimble chases Nichols down the roof as BULLETS from the 
	helicopter rip into the air conditioning duct next to Kimble.

	The helicopter swings out to keep Kimble in sight.



	Gerard hits the bottom of the fire escape and follows.


			
		This is a United States Marshal. 
		Get that helicopter out of here!



	He moves away among the duct work.

	Kimble follows.

	Gerard continues after Kimble.

	The helicopter circles and follows from above.



	Renfro triggers his radio.


		There is a U.S. Marshal out there. 
		Hold your fire!



	FOLLOWING Kimble. Its beam tracking Kimble across the 
	rooftop. He moves through the blowers and duct work. 
	Kimble is gaining ground on Nichols.



	He is about to fire when he hears through his radio.


		Hold your fire.

	The shooter pulls back.





	Gerard rushes across the roof toward Kimble.



	He is almost to the end of the roof when Kimble tackles 
	him. The two men crash against sloped glass roof of an 
	elevator housing.



	Inside the shaft - an elevator moves toward the roof. It 
	stops on the floor ten feet below the roof. THROUGH the 
	glass roof we see the doors open.





	Charges toward -



	Who slams Nichols hard against the glass. The WIRED 
	GLASS CRACKS and bellies with the form of their bodies.

	Nichols' head rocks from the impact.

	The GLASS GROANS. The wire stresses. The caulking begins 
	to drop.

	Nichols struggles but Kimble has him in control. Slams 
	him down hard again.



	Circles, illuminates the struggle in its spotlight and 
	Gerard closing.



	The elevator doors close and the car beneath the 
	skylight begins to descend.



	Pulls up.


		Kimble!

	Kimble slams Nichols one more time against the glass 
	and the wire holding the glass gives way, sending Kimble 
	and Nichols into...



	Kimble and Nichols, locked together, fall down the shaft 
	and crash onto the roof of the descending elevator car. 
	Nichols crashes through the ceiling into the car. Kimble 
	hits and slides across the roof to the edge, stopping 
	himself, just before he falls into the shaft. An 
	elevator car rushes toward him out of the blackness.



	Gerard reaches the elevator housing, looks down into the 
	shaft.



	Kimble's car disappears into the darkness.





	Nichols pulls himself to his feet. Hits the emergency 
	stop and the doors open. He disappears into...



	... a huge industrial laundry room. Steam rises from the 
	giant machines.



	Kimble drops from the ceiling into the car and moves 
	carefully into the laundry.

	... like an industrial jungle. Dimly lit, filled with 
	DEAFENING MACHINERY. Five hundred pound bags of laundry 
	move from a network of ceiling tracks to a pair of 
	heavyduty conveyor belts and two thirty-foot long washers.

	... At the other end of the washers, hydraulic presses 
	stamp out three-foot diameter "cakes" which are moved by 
	conveyor and dollies to automated dryers.

	The NOISE is DEAFENING.



	Gerard comes down back stairwell. Followed by Renfro.


			
		Where did the elevator stop?





	Newman checks the computer board for the elevator 
	position.


			
		Level five.



	Nichols pushes through the hanging laundry bags toward an 
	exit, tries the door. It is secured with a collapsible 
	grating with a padlock. He looks up, keeps moving.



	Notices the swinging bags, follows Nichols' trail. He 
	stops to get his bearings, sees shadow at the far end of 
	the room between the two washers. Kimble closes in, moving 
	between the large conveyors.



	Gerard enters sorting room with Renfro. He sees two sorters 
	standing by a small conveyor as he enters.


		Get out of here.

	He and Renfro move around the corner where a laundry 
	worker is hooking a 500 lb bag of lines onto the overhead 
	rail. A hydraulic lift, operated by a hanging on/off 
	switch raises the bag on a yellow steel I-beam. The worker 
	takes one look at Gerard and abandons his station.

	Gerard, Biggs and Renfro move to the closed doors of the 
	main room.


			
		We're going in. Give me five 
		minutes. Keep C.P.D. out.

	He draws his Glock, opens the door and enters the main 
	room.



	He moves to end of washers, using the machines as cover.

	He sees the shadow again takes a pole leaning against the 
	dryer as a weapon, turns the corner and is about to belt 
	him when he realizes it's not Nichols, but a laundry worker.

	Kimble moves away from the terrified man, when he hears a 
	voice from the other end of the laundry.


			
		Kimble!

	Kimble reacts to Gerard's voice, moves away.



	Moving behind machinery, sees light at far end of the room 
	where Gerard enters.



	The door closes automatically behind Gerard and Renfro.

	They enter the noisy main room and separate. Renfro moves 
	up the far side of the room, Gerard up the center. Both 
	move slowly through the maze of bags, carts, automated 
	equipment.


		... There is no way out of here.

	The building is locked down.





	Moves instinctively back into the machinery and carts near 
	the conveyor belts.


		Kimble... I know about Nichols. I 
		know about Sykes. Kimble stops.




		... Nichols borrowed your car the 
		night of the murder and called 
		Sykes from it.



	Separated from Gerard. He hears a NOISE behind him - a bag 
	comes down the track at break-neck speed, Renfro spins, 
	dodges it, gets his bearings and continues.



	Listening. He watches the movement of bags as he did with 
	Nichols.



	Moving through the forest of massive bags.


		... That's why there was no forced 
		entry at your house. He'd used your 
		keys.



	Realizing what Gerard knows. Considering his next move.



	Also listening. He realizes Gerard now knows he's the 
	killer. He moves behind the water softener tanks and 
	chemicals - and spots Renfro - and something else -the 
	hanging control for the I-beam.



	Moves carefully. Another bag comes down the track. He 
	dodges it and steps into an open track. From here he can 
	see straight back toward the washers. 


		Kimble... Come meet me out here.



	He steps out and then back as a bag shoots by. He ducks 
	under the bag - into the next track and suddenly hears a 
	WHIRRING sound behind him. Renfro turns as an I-beam comes 
	rushing down the open track and knocks him to the floor, 
	opening a gash across the side of his head. He lays still.



	Steps out of the shadows, turns him over exposing his empty 
	shoulder harness and takes the gun from Renfro's hand. 
	Nichols moves toward Gerard with the gun.



	Oblivious to this action, moves on, passes the conveyor 
	belts. He makes one last appeal.


		It's time to quit running... if you 
		don't, you know I'll stop you. He 
		listens, there is no answer.



	Starts to move out to meet Gerard, sees Renfro down. His 
	shoulder harness is empty. He knows Nichols is armed.



	Moves into the alley between the two giant washers. He 
	pauses, looks back, then continues, when he turns his back 
	on us...



	Steps INTO FRAME behind him and slowly takes aim. Just 
	before he fires however he hears...


		Hey, Chuckles...

	Nichols turns toward the voice as Kimble swings the stick 
	and clocks him - sending the gun skittering on the floor 
	behind Gerard.



	Turns on the sound and finds his gun trained on Kimble 
	with Nichols at his feet, unconscious. He realizes 
	instantly that Kimble saved his life and lowers his gun.

	Kimble, exhausted, leans against the washer.

	They hold a look as deputies and police flood into the 
	room surrounding Kimble and handcuffing him.



	Chicago Police hold back crowds of onlookers on Michigan 
	Avenue. Police cars and vans, television news trucks vie 
	for space in front of the Hilton Towers.

	Dr. Charles Nichols, on a stretcher, loaded into an 
	ambulance. The doors close.

	REPORTERS and television cameramen line the sidewalk 
	giving reports and interviewing doctors from the ballroom. 
	We PICK UP pieces of their reports as we MOVE PAST them 
	TOWARD the entrance.


		... As we reported a few minutes 
		ago, the saga of once-prominent 
		Chicago surgeon, Dr. Richard Kimble, 
		who escaped from an Illinois 
		Corrections bus, took a strange
		twist this evening when Dr. Kimble 
		was captured at the Chicago Hilton...

	ANOTHER REPORTER continues:


		... there are unconfirmed reports 
		from police of new evidence which 
		may exonerate Kimble while 
		implicating some of the biggest 
		names in medicine...

	The doors to the police van close amid a flurry of 
	photographs.

	A third reporter interviews a STUNNED DOCTOR from the 
	ballroom:


		He just walked in... We didn't know 
		what he was going to do. My wife 
		was very frightened... The next 
		thing I knew cops were charging in 
		and...





	Kimble, in handcuffs, is escorted by Biggs, Newman, Poole 
	and Gerard, out of the hotel into the waiting chaos. 
	Renfro, his head bandaged, is helped by paramedics.



	As soon as the group exits the hotel. Television lights 
	flood the scene. Kimble lowers his head. Reporters crowd 
	forward, yelling questions.


		Dr. Kimble, is it true you can prove 
		your innocence!

	Gerard wants the crowd controlled.


			
		Get them back.

	The marshals ant cops clear a line for Kimble to get into 
	a waiting car away from the media. Biggs opens the back 
	door and helps Kimble inside.


		Watch your head, Dr. Kimble.

	Newman climbs in behind the wheel. Gerard in the back next 
	to Kimble. He leans out the window and motions to Poole.


			
		Poole, you got that thing?
			
		Give me your hands.

	Kimble pauses, then holds up his wrists and Gerard unlocks 
	Kimble's handcuffs.

	Poole hands an ice-pack over the seat. Gerard places the 
	pack on Kimble' 9 bruised and battered hands.


		Take care of those hands, Doc, 
		you're going to need them again 
		soon.


		I thought you told me 'you didn't 
		care.'


		Yeah, well, don't spread it around.

	They share a look of mutual respect as the car pulls away.



	The car carrying Kimble pulls onto Michigan Avenue heading 
	back downtown. As we PULL BACK we see Kimble's car - at 
	first alone on the great avenue - then gradually joined 
	by other cars until finally becoming integrated in the 
	traffic, movement and lights of the city.








