






                                        Written by

                                         Jim Kouf














               The N and the E are not working. So it reads the PR IC motel. 
               ROOMS TO RENT BY DAY, WEEK, MONTH. KITCHENETTES. The Prince 
               Motel has passed its prime. A few beat up cars are parked 
               outside rooms. We CRANE DOWN to ROOM SEVEN. Curtains closed, 
               but someone is holding it open a crack, looking out. We PUSH 
               in CLOSE TO THE WINDOW and the EYE looking over the parking 
               lot. Then the curtain closes.



               Peeling flowered wallpaper, ultra-cheap furniture. The man 
               moving away from the window is RODRIGUEZ. He is slender, 
               sports a thin mustache, hair slicked straight back. He's in 
               his late thirties. Slightly nervous.

               Another man sits on the couch, looking at a magazine. He is 
               forty, solidly built. His name is FRANK DIVINCI.


                         Says here they got slips in Honolulu. 
                         325 a month. Utilities included. 
                         That's not bad.

               Rodriguez sits down.


                         But I gotta get at least a forty 
                         footer. It'll handle rough water 
                         better and I'll need the room if I'm 
                         gonna live on it.

               Rodriguez stands up, moves back to the window. Divinci looks 
               up.


                         I don't know how you do it.


                         What?


                         How you can think about Hawaii now?


                         My heart's in Hawaii.


                         You never been there. How can your 
                         heart be there.


                         You're tellin' me there's no place 
                         you'd rather be other than here?


                         No, I'm saying I just don't know how 
                         you can think about Hawaii right 
                         now.


                         If I was in Hawaii right now, I 
                         wouldn't be thinking about here. See 
                         the difference?


                         No.


                         Look, I'm not in Hawaii, I'm here. 
                         But I don't want to be here, I want 
                         to be in Hawaii. I can't be in Hawaii, 
                         therefore I think about it so as to 
                         not get depressed about being here.


                         But I'm here, I know I'm here, I 
                         don't like being here, but I can't 
                         be anyplace else because I look around 
                         and I see all this shit. How do you 
                         get around that?! That's what I'm 
                         asking.


                         Focus.


                         Focus.

               Divinci nods. Rodriguez looks at his watch.


                         It's time. No more Hawaii, okay? 
                         Focus on this.


                              
                         Aloha.

               Rodriguez shakes his head, exasperated, and exits.


                              
                         Aloha my ass.





               Poor side of town. A few old cars parked on the street. Some 
               buildings vacant. A LATE MODEL WHITE CADILLAC cruises past. 
               We HEAR LOUD RAP MUSIC.



               LIONEL HUDD drives. Hudd is thirty. African American. The 
               MUSIC is loud. His clothes lean to African roots. A WOMAN 
               sits next to the passenger window. Her name is CYNTHIA WEBB. 
               Cynthia is thirty-five, dressed in short provocative skirt, 
               tight top. A little too much make-up. She's lead a hard life.

               She glances at Hudd. Hudd glances at her, looks down at her 
               skirt hiked up on her leg.


                         Left at the corner.

               Hudd's eyes linger on her thighs for a moment, then he turns 
               his attention back to driving, tapping along with the heavy 
               bass.



               The Cadillac pulls into the parking lot. Parks in front of 
               room SEVEN. Hudd gets out, looks around. Cynthia gets out, 
               leads him to SEVEN. Knocks.

               The curtains pull back. Divinci looks at Hudd and Cynthia. 
               She nods to him. The door unlocks and opens.

               Cynthia enters. Hudd looks around again. Then follows.



               Divinci waits at the door. He and Hudd eye each other as 
               Hudd enters the room. Divinci looks out, making sure no one 
               has followed, then shuts the door.


                         Hope you don't mind me checkin' you 
                         for weapons.


                         Hell yes I mind.

               Divinci hesitates. This could break the deal.


                         I just don't want no man handlin' 
                         me.

               Hudd looks at Cynthia. The suggestion is taken.


                         Okay. Check him.

               Hudd spreads his legs, lifts his arms. Cynthia would rather 
               not have the job, but there's no choice.


                         Lotta good hidin' places on this 
                         body. Check good.

               Cynthia runs her hands over Hudd, checking pockets, pants, 
               sleeves. Finally coming to his crotch. Hudd smiles.


                         Careful. It's loaded.

               Cynthia has heard it all before. She's not squeamish in the 
               least and she gives him a good going over.


                         He's got nothin'.

               She smiles back at Hudd. Then moves away, sits on the couch 
               and seductively crosses her legs.

               Divinci, satisfied, pulls a PLASTIC BAG packed tight with 
               COCAINE out of his pocket, tosses it to Hudd.

               Hudd sits on the couch, opens the bag, sticks his finger in 
               and tastes the contents. But never takes his eyes off Divinci.


                         Not bad, not bad. Any more where 
                         this came from?


                         Maybe.


                         Then maybe we talk again.


                         Maybe.

               Hudd stands, unzips his pants. Reaches in to grab his cock, 
               but instead, pulls out a stack of MONEY. Inch thick.


                         Told you there was a lotta good hidin' 
                         places on this body.

               Hudd hands the money to Divinci and pockets the plastic bag. 
               Then crosses to the door. Glances back at Cynthia.


                         Bet you gotta lotta nice hidin' 
                         places, too.

               Then Hudd smiles and exits.



               Hudd gets into his Cadillac, pulls out of the motel parking 
               lot.



               Deserted. No one on the street this late. Several of the 
               buildings are boarded up.



               Hudd drives. No music this time. His attitude has changed. 
               More serious. LIGHTS in the REAR VIEW MIRROR. Coming up fast. 
               Hudd watches as the car pulls around to pass.

               He glances at the CAR as it pulls past him, but all we SEE 
               is the FLASH OF A BLAST FROM A GUN. Front WINDOW EXPLODING.



               swerves into a parked car. The OTHER CAR -- a BUICK REGAL -- 
               screeches to a stop next to it. ONE MAN gets out. Moving 
               quickly to the Cadillac. It's dark, difficult to see. He 
               carries a SMITH AND WESSON .44. Opens the door. He's wearing 


               Hudd is dead, slumped against the passenger door. The man 
               reaches in, turns off the engine, grabs the plastic bag of 
               cocaine. And now we see it's Divinci.



               Rodriguez is the driver. Anxious. Engine running.


                         Come on! Hurry up!

               Divinci dashes back to the Buick, hops in. Rodriguez floors 
               it.



               tears off down the dark street.





               Not a great part of the city. Apartment buildings line both 
               sides of the street. An alley runs between two of the 
               buildings. A TAXI pulls up in front. HEADLIGHTS SHINING on a 
               MAN passed out in the street.

               Cynthia exits the taxi. The taxi pulls away. She glances at 
               the man passed out in the street.

               His clothes are ragged. He's filthy. His face covered in 
               beard and greasy dirty hair. Hard to tell how old he is. 
               Maybe forty. Maybe eighty. Who knows? His hand clutches a 
               bottle in a bag.


                         Hey, Joe, wake up. Get outa the street 
                         before you get run over. Joe, wake 
                         up!

               She nudges him with her foot. The man groans, rolls back. 
               Dead drunk.


                         You're in the street, Joe. Get outa 
                         the street.

               The man, JOE, is silent for a moment, then he starts to crawl -- 
               toward the middle of the street.


                         Other way, Joe.

               Joe turns his crawl toward the curb. Cynthia watches him for 
               a moment. He is truly pathetic.


                         Forget it, Joe. Maybe you're better 
                         off right there. I don't think you'd 
                         even feel it.

               Cynthia enters the building next to the alley.





               asleep. The room is dark. We HEAR a door open and close. 
               Cynthia wakes.


                         Who is it?

               Divinci crosses to the bed.


                         Got your money.


                         Put it on the table.

               She closes her eyes, trying to go back to sleep.


                         Tired?


                         Yes.


                         I'm not.


                         Take a sleeping pill. There's some 
                         in my purse.


                         You want your money?

               Cynthia's eyes open and she looks up at Divinci. He's smiling, 
               holding up FIVE ONE HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS.


                         I already worked for that.

               Divinci unzips his pants.


                         This is a bonus.


                         For who?

               Divinci smiles. Cynthia snatches the money. Divinci starts 
               to undress.


                         This ain't my fault. This is a failure 
                         of our educational system. If you 
                         hadn't fallen through the cracks and 
                         dropped outa school, you wouldn't be 
                         here now.


                         So what's your excuse?


                         I'm in love.

               Cynthia just stares at him for a long beat. Then she unbuckles 
               Divinci's pants.





               A door is pushed open. Rodriguez enters his one bedroom 
               apartment. Starts to shut the door when TWO MEN appear from 
               the shadows. The first is short, well dressed. His name is 
               VIC. The second is large, heavy-set, shaved head. His name 
               is CUTLESS SUPREME. Cutless Supreme is not a man to be messed 
               with.


                         Keepin' some late hours.

               Rodriguez looks at Cutless Supreme.


                         What the hell you doin'? What're my 
                         neighbors gonna think?


                         I apologize. I understand your 
                         concerns. But you must understand 
                         that, unlike a bank, I cannot rely 
                         on a late fee as sufficient 
                         encouragement to repay one's debts. 
                         I am forced to employ the likes of 
                         Mr. Cutless Supreme, whom I might 
                         add, contributes significantly to my 
                         overhead. I am the real loser here. 
                         And I am concerned about your 
                         sincerity in repaying the twenty-
                         seven thousand, nine hundred forty-
                         two dollar gambling debt that is one 
                         week past due. What can you do to 
                         reassure me of your good intentions?


                         I can make your life fuckin' miserable 
                         that's what I can do.


                         Look at me. Do I have a wife and 
                         three kids? Do I have a good job at 
                         IBM? Am I a handsome guy? No, no and 
                         no. I loan money at excessively high 
                         interest rates to pricks like you 
                         who can't control their urges to 
                         lose big money playing cards and 
                         then I am forced to stay up all night 
                         trying to convince them that I have 
                         needs, too. The point of which is, I 
                         already have a fuckin' miserable 
                         life. So don't threaten me you lousy 
                         bag of cat shit.

               Rodriguez steps toward Vic, but Cutless Supreme slides in 
               between them. Rodriguez isn't going to win this one.


                         All I'm askin' is that you be 
                         responsible. Is that unreasonable?

               Rodriguez backs off, hesitates as he runs over his options. 
               There aren't any. He reaches into his pocket, pulls out some 
               of his night's earnings.


                         Four thousand is all I got.


                         I am proportionally reassured. You 
                         purchased yourself an extension.

               Vic takes the money, heads for the street. Rodriguez watches 
               Vic walk away. Cutless Supreme watches Rodriguez.


                         Cutless Supreme, what kind of fuckin' 
                         idiot name is that?


                         It was the car my daddy stole to 
                         take my momma to the hospital, but 
                         the cops stopped him and shot him 
                         dead in an alley before he could 
                         explain. I was born in the back seat.

               Rodriguez glares at Cutless Supreme, then he shuts the door.





               CRIME SCENE PHOTOGRAPHS -- Dead drug dealers lying where 
               they were shot. Overlapping CLOSE-UPS of EVIDENCE TAGS and 
               SHELVING filled with EVIDENCE from hundreds of crime scenes. 
               And CLOSE-SHOTS of CRIME SCENES -- chalk outlines -- bullet 
               shells - bloody foot prints. And finally CRIME SCENE TAPE. 
               The BLACK AND WHITE fades back into COLOR --



               surrounding the CADILLAC. We PULL BACK, revealing COPS 
               controlling the area. It's early morning. A FEW PEOPLE have 
               stopped to watch. But this is not a high traffic area.

               ANOTHER CAR pulls up. Unmarked. Two men get out. We FOLLOW 
               BEHIND THEM as they approach the Cadillac and PATROLMAN 
               MAHONEY, who knows them.


                         Another day, another body. Where you 
                         wanna start?


                         A hit?


                         Looks like. Could be gang related.

               And now we SEE THE TWO MEN from the unmarked car. It's DIVINCI 
               and RODRIGUEZ. Suit and ties. They act like they own the 
               area. And they do.


                         Happened sometime last night, early 
                         morning, two, three o'clock. African-
                         American male, looks like in his 
                         thirties. But even that's a guess. 
                         Half his head is on the upholstery.


                         Any witnesses?


                         Oh, sure, hundreds.



               The bloody scene is untouched. Hudd's body is where it fell, 
               on the seat. Dried blood everywhere. Divinci looks in.


                         Fuckin' Animals.





               EVIDENCE ROOM. Behind a locked fenced in area. A DESK OFFICER 
               checks in and out all evidence. He is twenty-eight, wears 
               glasses, very clean cut. TWO DETECTIVES are checking in 
               evidence as Divinci walks in.


                         ...three shotgun shells, twelve gauge.

               The Desk Officer checks in the evidence.


                         Three shotgun shells, twelve gauge.

               The two detectives wave hellos to Divinci as he approaches.


                         Heard you got a gang related. Lucky 
                         guy, Divinci. You get all the pretty 
                         ones.


                         One less drug store on the street.


                         And the world is a safer place.

               The Desk Officer buzzes Divinci through the door. Divinci 
               crosses to the --



               -- filled with shelves. Stacked with evidence from on-going 
               investigations. And the shelves are full of guns, knives, 
               bloody gloves, masks, shoes, etc.

               Divinci looks around, then removes the PACKAGE OF COCAINE 
               and the .44 from his pockets and places them back on one of 
               the shelves. CASE NUMBER C-549087. One thing about the .44 
               which we can see now -- a BLACK STAIN on the metal of the 
               handle.





               Desks, phones, computers, typewriters and HOMICIDE DETECTIVES. 
               Some witnesses being interviewed. Rodriguez is on the phone 
               at his desk. He's in the middle of an interview as he fills 
               out one of the many forms that complicate his life.


                              
                         -- a green car... you know what 
                         make... Maybe a Ford, uh-huh. You 
                         didn't see the license, did you?

               Divinci comes back to his desk, next to Rodriguez. Rodriguez 
               looks up. Divinci gives him a confident smile and brushes 
               his hands together -- clean hands.


                              
                         Yeah, no, I understand, it was dark... 
                         Uh-huh.

               Divinci sits at his desk. He pulls an ADVERTISEMENT for a 42 
               FOOT SPORT FISHING BOAT out of his desk. He holds it up to 
               Rodriguez, points to the boat.


                         Wanna go for a ride?


                              
                         You think you could describe the 
                         driver?
                              (covers phone; to 
                              Divinci)
                         You bought it?


                         As of last night, I've got the down. 
                         Just picture me under swayin' palms 
                         with a Mai Tai.

               We can HEAR someone describing a felon over the phone, but 
               Rodriguez isn't listening. He's looking at the boat.


                              
                         Uh-huh.
                              
                         You're gonna buy it, no shit. When?


                         Just a phone call away.

               Divinci picks up the phone, starts to dial.


                         That's really great, man.

               Divinci smiles. Rodriguez suddenly realizes the person on 
               the other end of the phone has stopped talking.


                              
                         Uh-huh, okay... how tall was he?

               A heavy set man in his fifties approaches -- CAPTAIN 



                         You got primary on the drug related 
                         this morning on 27th.


                         I'm workin' it up now.


                         Who's your second?
                              (Divinci points at 
                              Rodriguez)
                         In my office. Both of you.


                         Why?


                         Now.

               Captain Henderson doesn't wait for a response. He heads for 
               the office -- an inner office of glass and wood.

               Divinci looks at Rodriguez, who is suddenly a little nervous. 
               We can HEAR the PERSON OVER THE PHONE that he's talking to, 
               but he's no longer interested and hangs up on them.


                         What the hell --

               Divinci motions "keep calm."



               Henderson is hanging up his coat as Divinci and Rodriguez 
               enter. They aren't the only ones in the office. RICHARD SIMMS, 
               thirty-two, trim, short cut hair, suit, is waiting.


                         Detectives Divinci and Rodriguez, 
                         this is Richard Simms. He's with the 
                         D.E.A. He wants to ask you some 
                         questions about your case.


                         What's the occasion?


                         You get an i.d. on the victim?


                         We're waitin' for prints.

               Divinci pulls out his note pad.


                         Car was registered to --


                         -- Anchor Imports. 81 El Dorado. 
                         Black.


                         If you got all this, what d'you want 
                         from us?


                         ...The man in the car is Lionel Hudd.


                              
                         How d'you know that?
                              
                         What's goin' on here?


                         Hudd was DEA, undercover.

               Rodriguez and Divinci take the news like a sledgehammer. On 
               their frozen expressions we HEAR --


                         He was workin' a case on syndicate 
                         distribution of drugs on the south 
                         side. But every dealer we tagged 
                         kept getting killed. He finally got 
                         a lead on a girl -- Hudd was a friend 
                         of mine... I'm gonna nail the 
                         sonuvabitch who killed him.

               A long beat on Rodriguez and Divinci, then --


                         We'll do everything we can to help.





               screeching around a corner and up a drive into a VACANT LOT. 
               The car skids to a stop and Rodriguez gets out of the driver's 
               side, slamming the door and storming off. He's out of his 
               mind.

               Divinci gets out quickly, follows him. Rodriguez is so fired 
               up and scared he can't stop moving.





                         Calm down!










               Divinci catches Rodriguez, tries to stop him from flailing 
               about.









               Rodriguez tries to push Divinci away, but Divinci holds on. 
               They struggle --




               -- pushing, shoving, falling to the dirt. Divinci jumps on 
               top of him, pulling his pistol and shoving it into Rodriguez 
               mouth.


                         Shut up and listen to me!

               Rodriguez glares up at Divinci.


                         They could be watchin' us right now 
                         you asshole. So fuckin' shape up! 
                         You got it?!
                              
                         I want you to nod!

               It takes Rodriguez a moment, but he nods. Divinci pulls his 
               gun out of Rodriguez' mouth, gets off him and holsters his 
               pistol. Rodriguez is scared to death, not of Divinci, of the 
               mess they're in. He just lies in the dirt.


                         Get the fuck up!

               Rodriguez starts to get to his feet. Divinci grabs him, yanks 
               him up. Pushes him to the car.


                         Get in the car!

               They move back to the car. Rodriguez gets back into the 
               driver's seat. Divinci moves around to the passenger side. 
               Gets in, slams the door shut.



               They sit silently in the car for a moment in the middle of 
               the vacant lot. Breathing hard. Dirty. After a beat --


                         There's no fuckin' reason to panic.

               Rodriguez turns slowly and looks at Divinci incredulously.


                         No fuckin' reason to panic? Did you 
                         say no fuckin' reason to panic!


                         Stop being an idiot! We're the cops 
                         on the case. It's our case. We are 
                         going to find the fuckin' killers.





                         Since when does that matter?!

               Rodriguez stares at Divinci for a beat, then we --





               Rodriguez and Divinci are sitting on the car, each with a 
               beer and sharing a bottle of whiskey.


                         All they want is someone to go down 
                         for the crime, right? Do we care who 
                         goes down for the crime? Fuck no. As 
                         long as someone goes down for the 
                         crime. It's a slot that's gotta be 
                         filled.

               Rodriguez is calmer, but still something bothers him --


                         We killed a cop, doesn't that bother 
                         you?


                         Of course it bothers me. What d'you 
                         want me to do, turn myself in? Well 
                         I'm not. That's the risk we take 
                         everyday, somebody might pop us, 
                         especially undercover like that. So 
                         he got popped. It happens.


                         Not by other cops!


                         I patted him down! He wasn't wearin' 
                         a wire, he had no badge, no gun, how 
                         was I supposed to know?!

               A moment of silence, then --


                         Look, I feel just as bad as you do, 
                         but we gotta start thinkin' about us 
                         here. The important thing is we don't 
                         lose control of the case. We can 
                         never lose control of the case. 
                         Whatever evidence there is goes 
                         through us. We lay down the trail. 
                         Make it nice and logical. We're the 
                         teachers and two and two can add up 
                         to five if it's our classroom.


                         What're you talkin' about, are you 
                         sayin' we stick somebody with this?


                         Evidence points wherever we want it 
                         to point. Shit, we can provide so 
                         much evidence, even the asshole we 
                         pick will think he fuckin' killed 
                         him.


                         You got some asshole in mind?


                         Just don't worry. We'll find a killer. 
                         There's lots of 'em out there.





               THREE AFRICAN AMERICAN YOUTHS, all in their twenties, are 
               hanging on a street corner. Talking. Normal street traffic. 
               They give a long hard look to an ATTRACTIVE AFRICAN AMERICAN 
               WOMAN who walks past. A little chatter.

               The UNMARKED CAR suddenly screeches to the curb. The black 
               youths scatter quickly as Divinci jumps out and goes after 
               the tallest of the three. His name is JAMES. Rodriguez guns 
               the car and gives chase on wheels.

               James darts across traffic. Divinci running hard after him.

               Rodriguez spins the car in a u-turn. Racing after them.



               James darts down the alley. Narrow, dark, lined with trash 
               bins. Divinci turns into the alley, but he isn't going to 
               catch him.

               James is almost to the end when the car turns into the alley, 
               skidding to a stop. Rodriguez jumps out, gun leveled at James.

               No where for him to go. He slows down. Rodriguez moves in 
               from his front, Divinci runs up from behind. James is 
               disgusted.


                         What the hell'd I do now?





               Divinci removes the PACKAGE OF COCAINE and the .44 from the 
               shelf. CASE NUMBER C-549087.





               SLIDING across a table to James, who stops it with his right 
               hand. Divinci and Rodriguez are across from him.


                         Ain't my gun.


                         Never is, is it.


                         That ain't my fuckin' gun.

               He shoves the gun back. Divinci stops it with his arm, careful 
               not to touch it.


                         Got your fuckin' prints on it.

               James quickly realizes what they've done. He lunges for the 
               gun, but Divinci picks it up quickly with a pencil through 
               the trigger guard. James glares at them with murderous intent.


                         Where were you Friday night?


                         Friday night... last Friday night?


                         Where were you?


                         Whatever you think I did went down 
                         last Friday night?


                         Better have a good alibi, James, or 
                         it's good ali bye-bye.

               A beat, then James smiles.


                         I was in jail you assholes. Check it 
                         out.
                              
                         All night. What a couple a dickheads!

               Rodriguez and Divinci are silent.





               KICKED IN on a grungy small apartment. Divinci and Rodriguez 
               burst in, guns drawn. Scaring the shit out of an HISPANIC 
               MAN  and his half-naked GIRLFRIEND as they watch 
               television.









               SLIDING across the table back to Rodriguez and Divinci. Cortez 
               sits across from them. Wearing white t-shirt, baggy pants. 
               Tattoos on his arms.


                         Ain't my gun.


                              
                         Got your prints on it.


                              
                         You fuck, I ain't never seen that 
                         gun before!


                         Where were you last Friday night?


                         Fuck you. I wanna talk to a lawyer!

               Just want they wanted to hear. No alibi.


                         Lawyer's not gonna help you, Cortez. 
                         All the evidence we got points right 
                         to you.

               Cortez stares at them for a moment, then --


                         Did you say last Friday night?

               Cortez smiles and pulls up his shirt, revealing a long scar 
               across his stomach.


                         Intensive Care, you pindejo fuckin' 
                         gutter shits. And Thursday night, 
                         and Saturday, too. I just fucking 
                         got out this morning.





               SLAMMING INTO A WALL, hitting hard, falling back to the dirty 
               garbage covered alley. He's about twenty-seven, thin, blond 
               hair tied in a pony tail. He wears a flannel shirt, jeans, 
               boots. He doesn't want to fight. His name is DAVE.


                         Alright, alright, alright... shit. I 
                         ain't gonna fight you.

               He looks up at Divinci and Rodriguez moving toward him.





               Dave is behind the desk handling the .44 with no apparent 
               problem.


                         Ain't my gun.


                         That's what they all say.


                         Wish it was. No better gun than Smitty 
                         and Wes .44 mag with serial numbers 
                         filed off.
                              
                         Got any bullets?

               Divinci walks around, holds out his hand for the gun.


                         Who did I kill?


                         Where were you last Friday night?


                         You mean, what's my alibi right?

               Dave spits on the gun, wipes off his prints with his shirt.


                         I was breakin' and entering. Jewelry 
                         store on seventh and Front, about 
                         nine o'clock. Not even close to your 
                         jurisdiction. I got the rocks to 
                         prove it.

               He drops the gun, clean of prints onto the table.


                         Sorry I can't help ya. But one to 
                         five is better than ten to life.

               Divinci and Rodriguez stare at Dave. They are not happy.





               in plastic pages. A BINDER full of criminal portraits. Divinci 
               is going through one book. Rodriguez searches another.


                         Montrose LaJolla...


                         We pulled him in last year for knifing 
                         that dealer on 32nd.


                         Yeah. Almost killed him, remember? 
                         He'd be good.
                              (calls out to ANOTHER 

                         Anybody seen Montrose LaJolla?


                         He's dead. His life partner killed 
                         him in a Domestic D about a month 
                         ago.

               Rodriguez suddenly slams his book shut.


                         Shit!

               Divinci looks at him. Rodriguez is angry, tense. Divinci 
               gives him a look telling him this is not the time and place 
               for a discussion on this topic.


                         Take it easy.


                         This isn't gonna work!

               Divinci leans toward Rodriguez.


                         Nobody said it was gonna be easy. 
                         But let's not advertise our despair... 
                         Okay?

               The PHONE RINGS. Divinci picks it up.


                              
                         Divinci.



               Captain Henderson is sitting behind his desk. Divinci and 
               Rodriguez are in front of him. Rodriguez is trying to hide 
               his nervousness. Divinci is absolutely cool.


                         This is our case! Not the goddamn 
                         DEA's!


                         It's been three days.


                         We're not fuckin' magicians! What 
                         the hell is three days?! This is a 
                         goddamn murder case! It takes a little 
                         bit of goddamn time!


                         When a Federal Undercover Officer 
                         goes down, it's never a fuckin' murder 
                         case! I don't like the DEA on my ass 
                         any better than you like 'em on yours. 
                         But this is personal for them and 
                         they want answers. Forget your other 
                         cases and get something, anything 
                         that I can give to them. The last 
                         thing I want is the goddamn F.B.I. 
                         on my back, too.

               Divinci and Rodriguez are quiet for a beat, then --


                         We've got a couple leads. We need a 
                         little more time.


                         I can't hold 'em off much longer.


                         This is no fuckin' way to run an 
                         investigation.


                         Let me tell you both something, if 
                         you don't solve this quick, they're 
                         gonna start askin' why? And they'll 
                         be lookin' to blame somebody in this 
                         department. So my advise to you is, 
                         get something fuckin' fast or turn 
                         over what you've got and get outa 
                         the way.

               Rodriguez and Divinci are quiet for a moment, then --


                         How much time we got?


                         A couple days. The funeral's this 
                         afternoon.


                         What funeral?


                         For Agent Hudd. Simms wants you there.


                         What for? We didn't know him.


                         How the hell do I know?! It's DEA, 
                         it's their thing. You're the cops on 
                         the case, I suppose they want you to 
                         know what a great guy Hudd was so 
                         you'll work all that harder to find 
                         his killer. Just go. It'll reassure 
                         'em how much you care and keep 'em 
                         off my ass.





               MOURNERS gathered around the grave site. WIFE in tears. MOTHER 
               in tears. The men trying their best to hold up. Beyond the 
               family, DEA AGENTS. Simms among them. A show of support and 
               solidarity. A REVEREND delivering --


                         -- and it is too easy to say that he 
                         was a good man in his job because he 
                         gave more than most. And it's too 
                         easy to say that he was a good man 
                         in his community because he gave 
                         more than others. And it's too easy 
                         to say he was a good man at home 
                         with his family because he was always 
                         there when they needed him. Special 
                         Agent Lionel Hudd was not just a 
                         good man, he was an extraordinary 
                         man. And his death shall not be in 
                         vain.

               CAMERA FINDS Divinci and Rodriguez at the back. Rodriguez 
               looks nervous. Divinci notices. Their conversation is quiet.


                         Don't Humpty Dumpty on me.


                         What's that mean?


                         Your cracks are startin' to show.


                              
                         Bullshit.

               Divinci sees Simms approaching from the side.


                         Get your balance. Here comes the 
                         King.

               Rodriguez glances toward Simms as he walks up. The 
               conversation is quiet. Not wanting to disturb the ceremony.


                         Glad you came... Anything break?

               Divinci glances at Rodriguez.


                         Nothin' to brag about. But we've got 
                         a couple new leads we're followin'.


                         ...Look, normally we'd be all over 
                         this, but your Captain seems to think 
                         you can do the job. It's your 
                         territory. I guess you know it better 
                         than anybody. And that can be worth 
                         a lot. But you understand... we won't 
                         wait forever.

               Divinci is pissed. He doesn't like Simms.


                         Just outa curiosity... What happened 
                         to his backup? You guys use backup 
                         on undercover don't you?


                         It was a new lead. Hudd was afraid 
                         backup would blow his cover. He was 
                         supposed to check in ten minutes 
                         after the deal went down. He never 
                         checked in.


                         We want this one as bad as you do. A 
                         cop's a cop. We're in this together, 
                         right?

               Simms stares at Rodriguez and Divinci for a moment, then he 
               returns his attention to the ceremony.


                         That's why I asked you to come here. 
                         Just so you knew that.





               Rodriguez and Divinci walk down the street, hot dogs in hand, 
               returning to their car parked curbside.


                         He didn't have backup. You believe 
                         that?! Jesus what a dick.


                         I don't think we should criticize 
                         that particular decision of his.


                         I don't care what the reasons are, 
                         you don't play Lone Fuckin' Ranger 
                         on a drug buy. You're just askin' 
                         for it. That's all I'm sayin'.


                         I don't trust those bastards. They're 
                         not waitin' for us. That's bullshit. 
                         They're runnin' their own 
                         investigation. I know it!


                         Let 'em. The gun, the coke came from 
                         evidence. The car came from impound. 
                         So what's to find?


                         That's what I'm afraid of. There's 
                         nothing for them to find. We were 
                         too good.


                         So what're you worried about?


                         Nobody is that fuckin' good.

               Divinci looks at Rodriguez, then smiles.


                         Except us.





               bumping and grinding her way through her performance. We 
               don't see her face yet. Just her body. G-string and skin 
               tight tank top. LOUD MUSIC. MEN in the audience appreciative. 
               The room is smoky. LIGHTS swirl over the stage. The tank top 
               comes off. WHISTLES and CHEERS. And now we see the dancer -- 
               it's CYNTHIA.



               Cynthia moves down the hall in her g-string and high heels. 
               She enters the dressing room.



               Divinci is sitting in the only chair in the cramped little 
               room. He's going through her purse. Cynthia stops when she 
               sees him, then shuts the door.


                         I think this is breaking and entering, 
                         isn't it?


                         I work homicide, I don't deal with 
                         that shit.


                              
                         Learn anything you didn't already 
                         have on file?


                         Yeah. You surprise me sometimes. 
                         Here I think you're just a hard case 
                         and I discover you've got a heart of 
                         gold.
                              (holds up her drivers 
                              license)
                         You're an organ donor. That's really 
                         nice. The only problem is, they'll 
                         never use your best parts.


                         I'll make sure you get them.


                         Hey, don't get me wrong. I was just 
                         surprised that we had something in 
                         common... Besides what we have in 
                         common.


                         Do everybody a favor, if you're gonna 
                         donate your heart, make sure it goes 
                         to science. Most people want one 
                         that beats.


                         Cynthia... pretty name. What do the 
                         first three letters spell?


                         Don't get so clever. It's out of 
                         character.





               Divinci and Cynthia are lying in bed. Divinci has his arm 
               around her, but he's staring at the ceiling.


                         What's so interesting up there?


                         Nothing.


                         Then why's it got all your attention?


                         I'm thinkin', that's all.


                         About us?


                         No.


                         Good.

               Divinci looks at Cynthia.


                         What if I was thinkin' about us?


                         Don't waste your time.


                         What if I was?


                         Where's it gonna get us?


                         Maybe I got plans.


                         I don't wanna hear 'em. Plans just 
                         make you think somethin's gonna get 
                         better. I'm fine now. I don't need 
                         to get screwed up waitin' for 
                         something good to happen.


                         I just want you to know, love is 
                         important to me.


                         Me, too.


                         But more important is loyalty. Nothing 
                         is more important than that. Not 
                         love, not anything. Because loyalty 
                         is about respect. You can talk about 
                         love all you want, but without respect 
                         it's empty. I mean the first thing 
                         that goes in a marriage is respect. 
                         And once it's gone, forget the love. 
                         So I am telling you, I am loyal to 
                         you. Like I'm loyal to my partner. 
                         We are closer than blood. And I trust 
                         him with my life.

               Cynthia didn't really expect this from Divinci. She's 
               actually, despite herself, a little touched.


                         Why're you telling me this?


                         When you asked if I was thinkin' 
                         about us and I said I wasn't, I just 
                         want you to know that I do.

               A beat, then --


                         Just don't ask me to marry you.


                              
                         Why aren't more women like you?

               Divinci leans in and they kiss.





               Divinci exits the building. Starts to cross the street to 
               his car parked on the opposite side when he HEARS SOMETHING 
               BEHIND him. He turns, instantly reaching for his pistol.

               A drunk staggers out of the alley -- looks like he has a gun 
               in his hand.

               Divinci instinctively raises his gun to shoot when --

               THE LIGHT -- catches the object in the drunk's hand -- a 
               BROWN BOTTLE, the neck sticking ahead like the barrel of a 
               gun.


                              
                         You fuckin' idiot.

               The drunk stops when he hears the voice. Looks through his 
               matted greasy hair that cascades in front of his eyes. Now 
               we recognize Joe.

               Divinci turns away, disgusted. Opens his car door, then stops. 
               Caught in a thought. He turns back and looks at Joe again.



               Joe stumbles back into the DARKNESS OF THE ALLEY. Lies down 
               next to a trash bin. LIGHTS suddenly illuminate Joe. Joe 
               squints as a CAR moves right up to him. Joe shields the light 
               with an arm.

               We HEAR the DOOR OPEN and CLOSE, then Divinci bends down 
               into the LIGHT. He is wearing a BASEBALL CAP backwards on 
               his head. And GLOVES on his hands. He reaches inside Joe's 



                         What've we got here?

               He pulls out the Smith and Wesson .44. Divinci looks at Joe.


                         Where were you last Friday night?

               Confused, Joe looks up at Divinci through matted hair.





               Divinci drives. Joe up front. In an alcoholic daze.


                         What's your name?

               Joe looks at Divinci. Having trouble focusing.


                         Your name, what's your name?


                         ...Joe...


                         Where'd you get the gun, Joe?

               Joe looks down at his hands -- he's holding the .44.


                         It was in your pocket, Joe, your 
                         coat pocket. You must keep it for 
                         protection, right?


                         I don't know.


                         Sure you do, Joe. Everybody needs 
                         protection. Especially a guy like 
                         you lives on the street, right?

               Joe just stares at the gun.


                         Put it back in your pocket, Joe. You 
                         don't have to worry about me, I'm 
                         not gonna hurt you.

               Joe puts the gun into his jacket pocket.





               The LOCATION of HUDD'S MURDER. The street is empty. Quiet. 
               Divinci stops his car next to where Hudd died.



               Joe is asleep, leaning against the window. Divinci reaches 
               across and yanks him.


                         Wake up, Joe! I want you to look at 
                         something. Out the window, Joe. Look 
                         out the window.

               Joe's eyes open. Divinci forces his head to the window.


                         This is where it happened, Joe. I 
                         want you to remember it. This is 
                         where you killed him

               Joe tries to turn to Divinci, but Divinci holds his head.


                         You remember it now? How you shot 
                         him through the head? You remember 
                         it?


                         I... don't...


                              
                         You will.

               Divinci slams his foot down on the accelerator and --



               -- tears off down the street.





               asleep. Alone in a double bed. The PHONE RINGS. Rodriguez 
               startles awake. Catches the phone on the second ring.


                         Who the hell is this?



               Divinci on the phone in the f.g. Joe is passed out on the 
               bed in the b.g. The room is dark.


                         Is that any way to answer the phone?


                         Divinci, shit! It's quarter to six.


                         I know what time it is, I'm not the 
                         one in bed. I need the photos of the 
                         scene.


                         Now?


                         I got a suspect. But he can't remember 
                         all the details. He needs a little 
                         help. And I thought, since you're my 
                         partner, you might jump at the 
                         opportunity to lend me a fuckin' 
                         hand.

               Rodriguez sits up in bed.


                         He doesn't remember last Friday?


                         He doesn't remember a lotta Fridays. 
                         Bring the shots and pick up a fifth 
                         of Vodka.
                              
                         Make it two.





               asleep on the bed.


                         Time to get up, Joe.

               Divinci slaps him. Joe's eyes open.


                         I want you to look at something.

               The room is still dark. Curtains drawn. We now see Rodriguez. 
               He's wearing a black sock cap and gloves. He hands Divinci 
               POLICE PHOTOGRAPHS of the car, the street, the victim -- the 
               murder scene. Divinci pulls Joe into a sitting position.


                         There's the guy and the street and 
                         the car. You remember how you shot 
                         him.

               Joe stares at the photographs and starts to shake his head.


                         You don't remember? That's not what 
                         you told me last night.

               Joe is confused.


                         If you remember you can have a drink.

               Joe looks at the bottle Rodriguez holds out to him.


                         But you gotta remember how you saw 
                         him driving toward you and you were 
                         in the street and you were afraid he 
                         was going to hit you so you had to 
                         shoot to protect yourself. You 
                         remember now don't you?

               Joe stares at the photographs for a moment, then nods.


                         And where's your gun, Joe, where do 
                         you keep your gun?

               Joe thinks a moment, then reaches into his coat pocket and 
               pulls out the .44. Divinci hands Joe the bottle and Joe 
               drinks. We PUSH IN on the BOTTLE OF VODKA as the liquid drains 
               away and we CLOSE IN TIGHT until we can SEE LIONEL HUDD'S 
               FACE as we --





               Hudd dead. Blood on the windows. The street. Joe is drunk 
               again. In a haze. Starts to lift the bottle. Rodriguez pulls 
               it away. Rodriguez and Divinci always stay behind Joe.


                         Why'd you kill him?


                         I... don't know...


                         It was your gun.


                         ...I don't have a gun.


                         Yes you do. In your pocket.


                         ...I'm tired.


                         I know, Joe, it's tough to remember 
                         things you don't wanna remember. 
                         What about your last name, Joe. You 
                         got a last name?

               Joe looks up as if trying to remember. Or trying not to.


                         Come on, Joe, everybody's got a last 
                         name.


                         I don't remember.


                         Don't fuck with us, Joe. We're trying 
                         to help you. What's your last goddamn 
                         name?

               Joe shakes his head.


                         I don't know.

               Rodriguez suddenly smacks Joe on the side of the head when 
               he tries to look back. Joe is surprised by the blow. Divinci 
               pushes Rodriguez back. Shakes his head telling him to back 
               off.


                              
                         Come on, we're all tired here, Joe. 
                         Just give us your last name.


                         I don't remember.


                         ...Okay, fine, what's in a name? But 
                         you remember the gun, right, in your 
                         pocket.

               Joe nods.


                         And you remember that you told me 
                         you thought he was going to hit you, 
                         right? That's why you shot...


                         ...Yeah.

               Divinci looks at Rodriguez. Rodriguez nods.


                         How'd it happen, Joe, tell me how it 
                         happened.
                              
                         You saw him driving toward you --


                         -- I saw him driving toward me --





               driving. The night that he was shot. He looks ahead into the 
               darkness of the street. Suddenly he SEES --



               A MAN standing in the street ahead of him.



               smiles and turns toward the man in the street.



               is pulled from a jacket pocket, lifted toward the APPROACHING 
               CAR. The gun is in the hands of Joe. He is scared. The 
               HEADLIGHTS COMING RIGHT AT HIM. He aims and FIRES the gun.



               SHATTERS. And the car swerves to the curb.



               Joe watches from the street, then looks at the .44 in his 
               hand.



               Rodriguez leans into Joe who is now sitting on the edge of 
               the bed, looking down at the .44 in his hand.


                         Then what did you do?



               Joe is in the street again. He doesn't know what he did.



               Divinci leans close to Joe from behind now.


                         You ran.

               And now Joe can imagine it. We PUSH INTO JOE'S EYES.



               as Joe turns and runs. As fast as he can away from the death. 
               He looks back over his shoulder, scared.


                         I didn't mean to...



               Joe is staring at the gun. Divinci and Rodriguez watch him.


                         He was going to hit me... I was 
                         scared... he was going to hit me.

               Rodriguez looks at Divinci.


                         That's why you shot him.


                         That's why I...



               AIMS the gun again at the APPROACHING CAR.


                         ...shot him.

               And we HEAR the GUN SHOT AGAIN, shattering the silence as we --





               held by Joe's hand, which is held by Divinci's gloved hand. 
               Divinci has held Joe's finger on the trigger and pulled it.

               The gunshot is deadened in the old building. Joe is lying in 
               the back seat of a car, passed out, with Divinci holding the 
               .44 in his hand. The back door is open. The engine is running.


                         Helluva nice shot, Joe.

               Divinci pulls the 44. out of Joe's hand, then shuts the door, 
               gets into the front. The car pulls away, exiting the 
               warehouse.



               signing a name at the bottom of a paper -- Joe. Beneath it 
               is the type written name: JOE DOE. We PULL BACK and see it's 
               Joe signing a typewritten page as Divinci and Rodriguez watch. 
               Joe is a mess. When he finishes he pushes the paper away and 
               puts his head down on the table. Divinci picks up the paper 
               and we --





               A small yellow Toyota with a bashed up left fender pulls to 
               the curb. Cynthia gets out lugging her purse and a bag of 
               groceries. We HEAR ANOTHER CAR DOOR SHUT. She turns. Divinci 
               is walking across the street from his car toward her.


                         It's the middle of the day.

               Divinci gives her a look as he takes the grocery bag from 
               her.


                         Just talk.


                         Since when?

               Divinci leads the way into the apartment building.



               Cynthia opens the door, pulls the key out of the lock as 
               Divinci enters behind her with the groceries.


                         I need you to do something.


                         Good, I need the money.

               She shuts the door. Divinci deposits the bag on the table. 
               Cynthia picks it up, moves into the kitchen.


                         This isn't a deal. Where you goin'?


                         I got perishables, okay?

               Cynthia enters the kitchen and Divinci follows. Cynthia starts 
               unloading the groceries, putting the milk, eggs, etc. into 
               the refrigerator.


                         The guy we did the last deal with is 
                         dead.

               Cynthia turns suddenly.


                         What?


                         Somebody popped him that night, 
                         probably when he tried to unload the 
                         stuff. I don't know.


                         Jesus, does anybody --


                         -- Don't worry, there's no connection. 
                         We got the guy who did it.

               Cynthia breathes a sigh of relief.


                         You scared the hell outa me.


                         We just need you to do one thing.


                         ...What?





               Divinci and Rodriguez are moving down a hallway with Cynthia. 
               She's nervous. Wants very much not to be here.


                         He'll be third from the left. Don't 
                         fuck up. Third from the left.


                         What'm I supposed to say?


                         Just look at 'em and then look at 
                         the man the third from the left and 
                         say, It's him.


                         And I'll say, Are you sure?


                         And you say, Absolutely. No question.


                         This is all I need to do right?


                         We have a signed confession. You 
                         i.d. him, he's goin' straight into 
                         the can.


                         Okay, okay. But this is it. I'm not 
                         doin' anything more than this.


                         Hey, it's a done deal.





               ROWS of seats face a small platform. The LINEUP WALL is 
               striped with horizontal lines with HEIGHT NUMBERS. The 
               brightly lighted lineup is separated from the gallery, which 
               is in the dark.

               UNIFORMED GUARDS are on hand to make sure there is no 
               discussion, verbal or otherwise, between accused and witness. 
               SIX MEN file onto the platform. All shady characters.


                         Stop and face front.

               The six men obey. A couple keep their heads down. The others 
               squint from the bright lights.


                         Lift your heads, look straight.

               Heads are lifted. Eyes front. But we only recognize one of 
               them, standing third from the left. It's Joe.

               Divinci, Rodriguez and Cynthia are in the gallery.


                         Take your time. Try and remember his 
                         face.

               Cynthia counts three from the left and... wait a minute. She 
               looks more closely. Just to be sure. Rodriguez and Divinci 
               watch her. She's obviously putting on a good show. Then she 
               turns to Divinci, sitting next to her and whispers --


                         I know him.

               Divinci is caught a little of guard -- he didn't expect a 
               private conversation, nor does he want one for fear of it 
               looking like he's coaching her.


                         If you can identify the man --


                              
                         I know him.


                         Just tell us which one.

               Cynthia, frustrated, gives Divinci a look.


                         No. I fucking know him.

               Divinci still isn't sure what's gotten into her. Rodriguez 
               looks over, a little annoyed.


                         What's the problem?


                         There's no problem!
                              
                         Do you see him up there?!


                              
                         You don't understand.

               Divinci is losing his patience. He doesn't want to blow the 
               whole thing now, not in front of guards and police personnel. 
               The Guards are beginning to wonder what the hell's going on. 
               So are the MEN in the line.


                         Hey, come on, do it or don't!


                         No talking.

               Divinci leans in close to her. We can HEAR GRUMBLING from 
               the men on the platform.


                         Pick the asshole out!

               Cynthia starts to protest again, but she suddenly feels 
               Divinci's hand grip her arm. He's had enough. Cynthia gets 
               the message. And while keeping her eyes locked on Divinci 
               she says --


                         Third man from the left.



               squints against the harsh light, trying to see into the room, 
               as if he recognized the voice.






               Rodriguez, Divinci and Cynthia move briskly down the hall. 
               None happy about what just happened. The conversation is 
               strained.


                         You mind telling me what that was 
                         all about?!


                         I know him. He hangs around my 
                         building. He lives in the alley or 
                         something.

               Rodriguez looks at Divinci. Is this a problem?


                         You don't think people that hang 
                         around your neighborhood can kill 
                         somebody. Well let me tell you 
                         something. You don't live in a great 
                         fuckin' neighborhood.

               Divinci pulls a paper from his pocket.


                         Just sign the goddamn paper.


                         What paper?


                         You picked a man out of a lineup, 
                         you have to sign that you did that 
                         so they don't think we made it up.

               Cynthia just stares at Rodriguez for a beat, then --


                         Now why the hell would they think 
                         something like that?


                         Sign it.


                         You said all I had to do was pick 
                         him out.


                         This is part of it. Just sign it and 
                         you're done.


                         How come you're so sure it was him?

               Rodriguez rolls his eyes.


                         Jesus Christ!


                         He confessed.


                         Bullshit.


                         We got it in writing.


                         He didn't do it.


                         How the hell d'you know that? Were 
                         you with him at the time?! You have 
                         a good goddamn alibi for him?!


                         Maybe she was blowing him!


                         Better him than you.

               Rodriguez grabs her arm and pushes her against the wall. 
               Divinci looks around quickly to see who's watching.


                         Take it easy.

               Rodriguez angrily throws up his hands and glares at Divinci.


                         Fine, I got nothin' at stake here.

               Divinci gives him a look, then leans right up next to Cynthia.


                         This is what they call an open and 
                         shut case. He did the kill and he's 
                         going down. Don't make the mistake 
                         of thinking you know the right thing 
                         to do.

               Divinci holds out the paper. Cynthia hesitates a beat, then 
               takes it and signs her name.





               holding a number. The SCENE FADES WHITE with the FLASH.





               closing on Joe who is standing in the small CELL, facing the 
               wall, his back to us. The door is locked and we --





               as the .44 is placed on a shelf. But this time it's tagged 
               with a different number. M5114000.





               as Agent Simms reads through it to the end.


                         Doe?

               Simms looks across at Rodriguez and Divinci. Capt. Henderson 
               and TWO OTHER DEA AGENTS  are also 
               present. The DEA are in suits and ties.


                         He wouldn't give us his last name.


                         He signed a confession but he wouldn't 
                         give you his last name?


                         He said he couldn't remember it.
                              
                         He's a head case.


                         You run prints?


                         No priors.


                         Ballistics match?


                         We're waiting. But a forty-four was 
                         used in commission. He had a forty-
                         four on him.


                         It went down pretty quick.


                         It's our street.


                         I think they did a helluva job.

               Suddenly Simms slams his hand down on the desk.


                         Goddammit!

               Everyone turns to Simms. He's angry. Rodriguez is uneasy.


                         Some goddamn piece a shit blows him 
                         away for NOTHING!

               The intensity of Simms anger quiets everybody. A beat as 
               Simms regains his composure.


                         I'm sorry. Hudd was too good for 
                         this to happen... I just didn't think 
                         he'd go down this way.

               Simms crosses the room to Divinci and Rodriguez.


                         Good work. Thanks.

               He shakes their hands. Then exits. Hooper and Sarkasian follow 
               their boss out the door. Rodriguez, Divinci and Henderson 
               exchange a look.


                         Do me a favor. Make sure this one 
                         sticks. I don't want the D.E.Assholes 
                         back in here.





               coming right at us. Closer and closer. Filling the screen.



               from the barrel of a .44 in SLOW MOTION -- a FIREBALL. The 
               GUNSHOT is deafening, like thunder.



               SHATTERS in SLOW MOTION.



               covers his face with his hands to protect himself from the 
               glass. But there is no glass. Joe is sweating, detoxing. 
               Wild eyed. He looks through his fingers, but there is no 
               street, no dead man. Just the BARS of his CELL.





               golden liquid caressing the ice. A hand lifts the glass to 
               red lips. The liquid disappears. Cynthia lowers the glass, 
               staring at it.


                         Cynthia... pretty name. What do the 
                         first three letters spell?

               Cynthia suddenly hurls the glass across the room.



               shatters against the wall. And bits of glass, edges sharp 
               tumble through space like ice.





               A GUARD leads a MAN in a dark suit and striped tie down the 
               corridor. He carries a briefcase. Short hair and a beard and 
               wire-rimmed glasses. His name is ELLIOT GOFF.


                         Word is he killed a DEA undercover...
                              
                         Word is he shot him in the face...
                              
                         Word is he signed a confession.


                         Word is everyone's entitled to a 
                         defense... no matter how guilty they 
                         are.

               They stop at the cell block door. The guard unlocks the door. 
               INSIDE THE CELL we can see Joe on the floor in fetal position. 
               Shaking from lack of alcohol.


                         Oh shit.





               Elliot waits in the hall. Fingers impatiently drumming his 
               briefcase. The door opens and a DOCTOR exits the room.


                         He's detoxing. I gave him something 
                         to help him through it.


                         Can I talk to him?

               The doctor nods, opens the door. Elliot enters.



               Basic first aid station. Joe is on a table. Eyes closed. 
               Elliot walks up. Doctor behind him.


                         Joe, can you hear me?

               Joe's eyes open.


                         I'm Elliot Goff. I'm your attorney... 
                         Do you understand what I'm saying?

               Joe's eyes close. Leaving Elliot in the dark.





               Court is in session. Old metropolitan courthouse. The 
               PROSECUTOR and his TEAM are at one table. The DEFENSE ATTORNEY 
               and his CLIENT are at the other.

               The Prosecutor is a woman. Her name is HELEN EDEN. She is 
               thirty-nine. She wears a business suit. RICHARD STEIN is her 
               second in command. Richard is thirty-three.

               The DEFENSE ATTORNEY is fifty and a little on the portly 
               side. His name is JOHN OBLINGER.

               But it's the DEFENDANT that really attracts our attention. 
               His name is CLYDE D. DUNNER. He's done his best to look like 
               a law abiding citizen, but no matter what kind of clothes he 
               wears or how he slicks down his long hair or trims his 
               mustache, this sonuvabitch looks like he'd kill for a nickel. 
               He's on trial for murder. In the first. What a surprise.

               We are in the midst of opening statements. And Helen is 
               keeping the JURY riveted. The presiding Judge is a WOMAN, 



                         -- when the defendant, Clyde Dunner, 
                         entered the house of George and Carol 
                         Beaman on Friday night, a .44 caliber 
                         pistol in his hand. He entered the 
                         house with one thing in mind. To 
                         kill George and Carol, the people he 
                         blamed for the break up of his 
                         marriage to Carol's sister, Paula.

               The defendant is hardly listening. His attention is on TWO 
               MEN SITTING BEHIND the prosecution table. And he turns to 
               glare at them. The two men are DETECTIVES RODRIGUEZ and 


               Clyde glares at them as if he'd like to get up right now, 
               walk over to them and cut off their heads. Actually, that's 
               what he's thinking. He mouths "You die."

               Divinci mouths back. "Fuck you, prick, asshole, dickhead." 
               Then he smiles. Clyde boils.


                         George and Carol were watching a 
                         movie when he entered the living 
                         room and opened fire. George was 
                         killed instantly, hit in the face. 
                         Carol died later of three bullet 
                         wounds to her chest.

               John Oblinger, his attorney, catches Clyde's murderous look 
               and instructs him, with a point of his hand, to pay attention 
               to Helen. Clyde reluctantly turns his gaze from Divinci.


                         Then the defendant, in his effort to 
                         cover up the crime, doused them with 
                         lighter fluid and set the house on 
                         fire... Carol was still alive.

               A YOUNG MAN, looking very upset, enters the courtroom, shows 
               i.d. to a GUARD, then makes his way down the aisle. He tries 
               his best to be quiet, not to interrupt Helen's statement.


                         Ladies and gentlemen of the jury we 
                         will prove to you, beyond any 
                         reasonable doubt, that the defendant, 
                         Clyde David Dunner, is guilty of two 
                         counts of murder in the first degree.

               Helen looks at the jury for a beat, then returns to her table.


                         The defense may now proceed.

               John Oblinger stands to present his side of the case. But 
               our attention stays with Helen as she approaches the table 
               to find her team in an upset. Their conversation is a tense 
               whisper.


                         -- Jesus Christ!


                         -- I don't know where?


                         Are you sure?


                         They looked all over --


                         What's wrong?


                         They can't find the murder weapon.


                         What're you talking about?


                         Dunner's .44. They can't find the 
                         goddamn gun!


                         They lost it or something. Misplaced 
                         it, I don't know. They can't find it 
                         anywhere.


                              
                         What?!

               A pause in the court. The judge taps his gavel in anger as 
               we --





               Rodriguez, Divinci, Richard Stein, the young man and Helen. 
               Helen is furious.


                         -- I don't have a goddamn case without 
                         the goddamn gun. His fingerprints, 
                         the ballistics, everything! I have 
                         to have the fucking gun or he's gonna 
                         walk. That murdering piece of filth 
                         will go free without the .44. How 
                         could they lose it?!

               Rodriguez and Divinci exchange a look.





               walking quickly down the steps.


                         The Dunner gun, you used the fucking 
                         Dunner gun?!


                         This is not my fuck up! Our shooting 
                         was supposed to be gang-related and 
                         unsolved! Only because we tagged a 
                         goddamn undercover cop do we need 
                         the fucking .44 for evidence! 
                         Otherwise, we never woulda needed 
                         it. So don't point your finger at 
                         me!


                         Alright, alright... But how are we 
                         supposed to explain how the same gun 
                         was used in two murder cases by two 
                         different killers when it was supposed 
                         to be in police custody?!


                         We don't explain it. It's not our 
                         fault they lost the evidence. 
                         Ballistics are already complete in 
                         Dunner's case. All we need is another 
                         gun.





               as it opens, revealing a DOZEN different HANDGUNS.


                         All my merchandise is in top 
                         condition. Untraceable. The best 
                         money can buy.

               A BLACK MAN in a three piece suit, picks up the .44 with a 
               GLOVED HAND. His accent is British.


                         It's got good knock down, but it's 
                         slow. Unless you have a preference 
                         for revolvers, I suggest a nine 
                         millimeter auto. They are more 
                         expensive, but what they cost in 
                         money, they save in time.

               Rodriguez and Divinci look down at the gun.


                         The .44.

               The gun seller eyes them for a moment.


                         What?


                         You look like police.

               Divinci and Rodriguez stare at the gun seller. Then he smiles.


                         No offense.





               as the NEW .44 goes onto the shelf. CASE NUMBER C-549087.





               Elliot is waiting, sitting at a table, staring at papers in 
               his open briefcase. Door opens and a GUARD leads Joe into 
               the room. Joe looks better, for the first time. His hair is 
               combed. And he's clean. He wears jail blues. But he is a 
               little gaunt. And tired. Elliot stands. The guard shuts the 
               door, leaving them alone.


                         Joe, I'm Elliot, we met the other... 
                         well, you weren't in very good shape. 
                         You look much better.

               Joe just stares at Elliot.


                         Have a chair. We need to talk.


                         About what I did.


                         Yes.

               Joe crosses to the table and takes a chair opposite Elliot.


                         Joe, before we get into what happened 
                         that night, I'd like to check a couple 
                         of things first.
                              
                         Joe is your first name, I assume 
                         Joseph?


                         Okay.

               Okay? Not the answer Elliot was looking for.


                         What about Doe? Is that what you 
                         told the officers your last name 
                         was?


                         I don't think so.


                         What did you tell them your last 
                         name was?


                         I don't remember.


                         Well, is Doe your last name?


                         I'm not sure.

               Elliot stares at Joe. This is going to be a little more 
               difficult than he thought.


                         Do you know what your last name is?


                         I don't remember.


                         Joe, I'm your attorney, I'm here to 
                         help you. It doesn't matter if you 
                         give the court your last name or 
                         not, they will still put you on trial. 
                         Do you understand?


                         Yes.


                         So there's no reason to try and hide 
                         your identity.
                              
                         What is your last name?


                         I would tell you if I could remember.


                         Joe Smith, Joe Jones, Joe DiMaggio...

               Elliot hopes he can trigger a response. Joe tries hard.


                         ...I don't think so.


                         Okay. Look, we'll move on. You 
                         understand the charges against you. 
                         They're serious. And if you are found 
                         guilty, you could go to prison for a 
                         very long time.


                         Maybe I should.


                         What?


                         Go to prison. I killed him. I didn't 
                         mean to. But he was going to hit me.


                         Yes, I know, I read your confession. 
                         Joe, if you really felt your life 
                         was in danger, we might be able to 
                         use self-defense as our argument. 
                         But before we get into that... Do 
                         you have any family, Joe? Any friends?


                         I don't think so.


                         Joe... do you know what a psychiatrist 
                         is?


                         Yes.


                         Have you ever seen a psychiatrist?


                         ...I'm not sure.


                         Joe, you don't remember much about 
                         yourself.


                         No.


                         ...but you remember the night you 
                         shot the man in the car.


                         Yes.


                         Why?


                         ...because... I can... I'm sorry, 
                         I'm not much help.

               Elliot stares at Joe, then looks down at the blank page in 
               front of him.





               The trial of Clyde D. Dunner in progress. Prosecution team 
               at their table. Defense team at their table. JUDGE WEINBERG 
               at the bench. Divinci on the stand. Clyde glaring at him. 
               And Jury listening to Helen on the floor, prosecuting with 
               vigor.


                         -- and when you approached the suspect 
                         in his apartment, did you identify 
                         yourself as a police officer?


                         Yes.


                         Did the suspect respond?


                         Yes, he did?


                         In what way?


                         He started shooting through the door.


                         The Defendant fired six times, until 
                         his gun was empty. We would like to 
                         show you the weapon he used.

               Helen crosses to the prosecution table, picks up the .44. 
               She holds it up for the jury to see.


                         And we would like to enter it into 
                         court records. It was the same Smith 
                         and Wesson revolver he used to 
                         viciously murder George and Carol 
                         Beaman.

               The .44 is duly entered into the records.



               glances at "his" .44 as it passes into the BAILIFF'S HANDS. 
               It's a .44 all right.


                         The prosecution would like to call 
                         Mr. Steven J. Allen to the stand.


                         Steven J. Allen.

               STEVEN J. ALLEN, a short balding bespectacled man in his 
               fifties, crosses to the witness box where he is sworn in, 
               then sits.


                         Mr. Allen, would tell the court what 
                         you do.


                         I am a lab technician for the police 
                         department. One of my duties is to 
                         examine weapons used in violent 
                         crimes.

               Clyde's attention is on Helen's LEGS. He's bored by the 
               proceedings, but something suddenly strikes him. He looks at --



               -- on the evidence table. There is no BLACK STAIN on the 
               handle.


                         I tested the defendant's revolver 
                         and matched the bullets fired to the 
                         bullets removed from the deceased.


                         That ain't my gun.

               All attention turns to Clyde. His attorney, the judge, the 
               jury, Helen, everybody is surprised by the sudden statement.


                         I must remind the defendant that he 
                         is not to speak out when --


                         That ain't my gun!

               The Judge taps her gavel. John Oblinger puts a hand on Clyde's 
               arm. Clyde pulls it away. And now things happen very fast.




               And Clyde is moving toward the gun. And the Bailiff and GUARDS 
               are moving toward Clyde. And Helen is moving out of the way. 
               And the Judge is standing, banging her gavel. And the jury 
               is scared.




               Clyde grabs for the gun as the bailiff and guards grab for 
               Clyde. Clyde turns and decks the bailiff and all hell breaks 
               lose.








               Door slams open. Rodriguez and Divinci enter. Rodriguez 
               quickly checks all the stalls as Divinci closes the door. 
               They are alone. When Rodriguez finishes with the stalls --


                         We gotta put the right gun back.


                         We can't put the right gun back! 
                         Without that gun, they won't convict 
                         Joe.


                         Without that gun they won't convict 
                         Clyde!


                         I'm not worried about Clyde, I'm 
                         worried about us!


                         Look, Joe's never goin' to trial, 
                         right. He signed a goddamn confession! 
                         Like you said, this one is open and 
                         shut. Clyde's the one we gotta worry 
                         about. We can't let him go back on 
                         the street! He's a fuckin' psychopath. 
                         He'll kill somebody again.


                         Shit. How the hell did that piece of 
                         puke know it wasn't his fuckin' gun?! 
                         I don't think he knows his own fuckin' 
                         mother, but he knows his fuckin' 
                         gun!


                         I don't think that's important right 
                         now.





               The harried Desk Officer is filling out his usual paper work 
               when Divinci and Rodriguez approach. Divinci knocks on the 
               door. The desk officer looks up. He's had a tough day.


                         Sorry, Divinci, can't do it.


                         What d'you mean you can't do it? I 
                         gotta check something.


                         You gotta get written permission 
                         from the Chief.


                         Since when?!


                         Since an hour ago when he came down 
                         here and chewed me a new asshole 
                         bigger than a three car garage.


                         What's the problem?


                         Something about missing evidence or 
                         who the hell knows. I just wanna 
                         transfer the hell outa here.


                         What the hell're we supposed to do?!


                         Ask the chief. Policy ain't my 
                         department!





               Joe's preliminary trial. Joe is seated at the defense table 
               with Elliot. ANOTHER JUDGE, JUDGE HAROLD PINE, is behind the 
               bench. No jury. This is a preliminary hearing to determine 
               if there's enough evidence for Joe to stand trail. Elliot is 
               shuffling papers in preparation for his opening.

               And at the prosecution table is a very tired Helen. She looks 
               completely pissed off and worn out. In no mood for anything 
               to go wrong.


                         Whenever you're ready.

               Elliot stands.


                         We would like to plead not guilty to 
                         the charge of murder at this time 
                         for reason of Insanity.

               Helen gives Elliot a look. She doesn't need this.


                         But I did it.

               Elliot turns to Joe.


                         Yes, Joe. Let me handle this.


                         But I signed the confession.


                         Yes, Joe. Don't worry about it. I'm 
                         the attorney.


                         Your honor, can we have a moment?


                         Council may approach the bench.

               Helen and Elliot cross to the bench.


                         Your honor, my colleague's client 
                         admits to the killing. I don't see 
                         any reason to go through a trial 
                         when it's obvious he would like to 
                         plead guilty.


                         I don't agree.


                         If he wants to plead guilty, you 
                         have to let him plead guilty.


                         Not if he's not of sound mind.


                         Come on, Elliot!


                         I think he's crazy. I know you think 
                         he's just putting it on, that's D.A. 
                         standard procedure, but I don't think 
                         he is. So, your honor, I'm standing 
                         by the not guilty because I believe 
                         he's incapable of making that 
                         judgment.


                         Have you had a psychiatrist look at 
                         him?


                         Yes, your honor.
                              
                         I think you'll see that my diagnosis 
                         is not without warrant.

               The judge hesitates, then looks at Joe. Joe is staring at 
               him.


                         I'll review the findings and make my 
                         decision tomorrow.


                         Thank you, your honor.
                              
                         Besides, I hear there's a good chance 
                         of beating the charges for lack of 
                         evidence.

               Helen's look turns icy.





               Dark, smoky. Not a place for the health-conscious. Rodriguez 
               and Divinci at a corner booth. Both with scotch and waters.


                         Nobody can connect us to the evidence 
                         thing... we're clean there.

               Rodriguez is quiet.


                         The most important one is this DEA 
                         mess anyway. Once that's finished, 
                         we're completely in the clear.


                         You know we can't do it anymore.


                         ...yeah, I guess.


                         No, we're through. That's it.


                         Good while it lasted though. A hundred 
                         grand apiece. Not bad for a few nights 
                         work.

               Divinci lifts his glass in a toast to himself, drinks.


                         I just wanna get through this.


                         We're gonna get through it. No 
                         evidence problems on this one.


                         I hope not... I don't know, Frank, 
                         lately I been thinkin'... maybe what 
                         we did wasn't such a good idea.


                         Hey, we took out a few scumbags, 
                         that's it. Nobody's ever gonna miss 
                         those shitheels. They were all pieces 
                         of garbage. Not one of 'em had a 
                         sheet less than a mile long. Drugs, 
                         extortion, assault. They were all 
                         fuckin' guilty as hell and still on 
                         the street, you know that.


                         Except the cop.


                         Yeah, except the cop. That's part of 
                         the job. Could just as easily have 
                         happened to you or me.


                         But we're cops, you know? We fucked 
                         up.


                         We fucked up once. Once outa ten. 
                         That's not bad.
                              
                         I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry. He was 
                         in the wrong place at the wrong time, 
                         what can I say. I'm not goin' down 
                         for it.


                         I know.


                         Look, if we got paid a decent salary 
                         we wouldn't be tempted by this, right? 
                         And what happens when we retire? You 
                         think our pension's gonna take care 
                         of us? Shit no. We are on our own. I 
                         mean all I want in life is a goddamn 
                         fishing boat, a beach, a couple drinks 
                         and some Hawaiian fuckin' music. 
                         That ain't much for twenty years 
                         putting murdering assholes behind 
                         bars. I mean, the dealers, the pimps, 
                         the killers, they got no rules. We 
                         got all the fuckin' rules. It ain't 
                         fair. That's all I'm sayin', it ain't 
                         fair... For awhile, we made it fair.

               Rodriguez downs his scotch.


                         Quit thinkin' you're a bad guy. You're 
                         not a fuckin' bad guy. You made one 
                         mistake. Let it go.

               Rodriguez nods. A WAITRESS comes to the table. Rodriguez 
               orders another. The Waitress leaves. Rodriguez hesitates a 
               moment, then --


                         Do you think we're corrupt?


                         Hey, I never took a fuckin' bribe in 
                         my life.


                         Me either.


                         Nobody ever bought me.


                         I know.


                         No fuckin' way. Even the thought 
                         makes me sick. And what we did has 
                         nothing to do with being corrupt. 
                         It's two completely different things. 
                         Don't get 'em confused.


                         I guess you're right.


                         I'm telling you. It's nothin' to do 
                         with corrupt.


                         I'm worried, that's all.


                         Hey, you gotta worry a little. It's 
                         natural. Just don't lose your sense 
                         of humor.


                         My sense of humor, right.


                         The problem with people is, nobody 
                         gives a shit about makin' the world 
                         a better place. You and me, I don't 
                         care what anybody says, we made the 
                         world a better place. No matter what 
                         happens. There are ten less drug 
                         dealin' assholes on the street today 
                         because of us. They're not plea 
                         bargainin' their way back onto the 
                         street, they're not clogging up the 
                         courts, and they're not costing the 
                         tax payers a fuckin' penny because 
                         they're not in prison. They were 
                         garbage. And there's nothin' wrong 
                         with takin' out the garbage.

               Divinci downs his scotch. Rodriguez nods, then --


                         So, you think you'll get back with 
                         Caroline?


                         Shit. Nothin' I ever do is good 
                         enough, you know?


                         Never is, never was, never will be.


                         Guess I gotta make the effort. It's 
                         gonna cost me if I don't.


                         Tell me about it. You know how much 
                         I got left.


                         You're gonna think I'm an idiot, 
                         but... I like Cynthia. There's no 
                         bullshit with her. I just fuckin' 
                         like her.


                         I think you just like fuckin' her.

               Rodriguez smiles. Divinci looks at him for a beat, then --


                         Yeah, that, too.





               with JOE'S PHOTOGRAPH on the front page. HEADLINE: UNDERCOVER 
               COP GUNNED DOWN BY UNDERCOVER KILLER. We PAN AROUND to 
               Cynthia, sitting in her kitchen, staring at the photograph.


                         What the hell, Joe, at least you 
                         won't get run over.

               She folds up the paper and throws it in the trash can.





               The Dunner trial. The JURY is back. Helen, Judge Weinberg, 
               Clyde D. Dunner (who now sports a couple bandages to his 
               head), his attorney John Oblinger -- they're all waiting for 
               the verdict.


                         The defendant will stand and face 
                         the jury.

               Clyde stands.


                         What is your verdict?


                         We find the defendant, Clyde David 
                         Dunner, not guilty.

               Helen closes her eyes in defeat. Clyde smiles.


                         Fuckin' A!





               Divinci is on the phone.


                         -- when was the last time you saw 
                         him? -- Uh-huh -- And you haven't 
                         seen him since then?

               Rodriguez suddenly strides up. He looks panicked.


                         We gotta talk.


                              
                         Just a second.
                              
                         Calm down. I heard. Clyde walked.


                         No!
                              
                         They're takin' Joe to trial.

               Divinci stares at Rodriguez for a beat, the reality of his 
               statement taking a moment to fully slam home.


                         They found him mentally unable to 
                         plead so his attorney pleaded not 
                         guilty by reason of insanity.


                         You gotta be kiddin' me.


                         Yeah, that's me, I love to make people 
                         laugh. You hear the one about the 
                         two cops who popped the undercover 






               Cynthia on stage, in the middle of her routine. Hoots and 
               whistles from the all MALE CROWD. But she's not really into 
               her performance tonight. She pulls off the last of her 
               clothing to APPLAUSE and CHEERS.



               Cynthia enters. An ASIAN MAN in sweat shirt and jeans is 
               sitting in the room.


                         Who the hell're you and what the 
                         fuck are you doing in here?!
                              


                              
                         I suggest you get out before Bob 
                         gets here. He doesn't like assholes.


                         You're Cynthia Webb.


                              


               The Asian Man stands.


                         But you are Cynthia Webb the famous 
                         dancer, yes?


                         Yeah, yeah, nice try, get out.

               The man moves toward her, pulling a PAPER from his pocket. 
               He hands it to her.


                         I liked your show very much.


                         What the hell's this?!

               He exits. No answer. Cynthia stares at the paper --


                         A subpoena?! For what?! I didn't do 
                         anything!

               But the man is gone. BOB, a HUGE BOUNCER, tears past, giving 
               chase.


                              
                         Oh shit... oh shit. He served me! He 
                         fuckin' served me!





               Dark, quiet. PHONE RINGS. A hand picks up the phone.


                         Hello.


                         Detective Divinci?


                         Yeah.


                         This is Sergeant Gardner down at the 
                         station.



               The station is alive with activity. Even at this early hour. 
               HOOKERS, PIMPS, PUSHERS, DRUNK DRIVERS. Some being booked, 
               some being released, some being obnoxious.


                         Sorry to call so late, but I got a 
                         hysterical woman here says she needs 
                         to talk to you about a murder.

               Divinci turns on the light revealing a WOMAN in bed with 
               him. He picks up his watch, looks at the time.


                         I told her I couldn't call you at 
                         home, but she said that it was very 
                         important. A matter of, you know, 
                         life and death.


                         What's her name?


                         Cynthia.

               Divinci perks up at the name.

               And now we SEE Cynthia in the POLICE STATION trying not to 
               look as freaked out as she feels. But she's not holding 
               together well.


                         Tell her to wait, I'll be right down.

               Divinci hangs up. Starts to dress. The woman groans.


                         What the hell're you doing?


                         I gotta go down to the station.


                         Now? What time is it?


                         Go back to sleep.


                         Frank, this is no way to repair our 
                         marriage, you know?

               She pulls the covers over her head. Divinci pulls on his 
               pants.





               Divinci pushes into the room. Sees Cynthia sitting on the 
               bench, looking nervous as hell. Smoking, tapping her foot, 
               looking around. Just this side of a wreck.


                         Hey!

               Cynthia sees him and is immediately on her feet, moving to 
               him.


                         Frank, I can't do this. He came to 
                         the club. You gotta --


                         Not here!

               He takes her arm, leads her out of the station.



               Divinci leads Cynthia out of the station to his car.


                         I thought you said all I had to do 
                         was pick him out?! That's what you 
                         said, that's all I had to do. I did 
                         what you said. But that was supposed 
                         to be all.




               He opens the driver's door, pushes her in. Gets in behind 
               her.



               Cynthia is a bundle of nerves. Divinci slams the door. Cynthia 
               is startled by the suddenness of his anger.


                         What're you talkin' about?

               Cynthia opens her purse and pulls out the subpoena.


                         They want me in court.

               Divinci glances at the papers.


                         You promised me I wasn't gonna have 
                         to do anything! What the hell is 
                         goin' on?!

               This is yet another glitch that Divinci hadn't counted on.


                         I can't do this, Frank. I can't go 
                         into court. I'm gettin' outa here!


                         You are not getting outa here!


                         Well I can't go to court! THAT'S NOT 







               Cynthia glares at him, then turns away, takes a drag and 
               blows out the smoke.


                         Fine. Think away.

               Divinci hesitates as ANOTHER CAR pulls out. Then turns to 
               her.


                         Look, you're a witness, that's all. 
                         You got nothin' to worry about. You 
                         saw something happen --


                         -- What?! What did I see?!


                         I will tell you everything you gotta 
                         know. You understand? Everything. 
                         You will know exactly what to say.

               Cynthia looks at Divinci, unsure. Divinci gives her a 
               confident smile. Look, it's another stage, that's all. Just 
               like dancin'.



               pulls quickly out of the PARKING GARAGE.





               Elliot is waiting. The guard opens the door and Joe enters. 
               Joe is looking better. Getting him off booze has helped 
               immensely.


                         Hi, Joe. You're looking much better.


                         I guess jail's been good for me.

               Elliot nods, motions for Joe to take a chair.


                         Trial date's been set for Thursday.


                         I've been thinking about what I did... 
                         and I don't think it's right that I 
                         try getting off.


                         Excuse me?


                         I want to plead guilty. I killed a 
                         man and I should be punished.


                         ...I'm a little surprised.


                         Why?


                         Nobody ever wants to be punished for 
                         what they've done. It's just a new 
                         concept. But I still think our defense 
                         is reasonable. I don't believe, under 
                         the condition you were in, that you 
                         were responsible for your actions.


                         But why was I carrying a gun? I had 
                         no right to carry a gun.


                         If you hadn't been carrying the gun, 
                         you might be dead.


                         And he might be alive.


                         I understand... Can I think about 
                         this?


                         No. I've made up my mind.

               Elliot stares at Joe for a beat, then we --





               TWO MURDER VICTIMS lying in the street. POLICE OFFICERS have 
               the area under control. A few CURIOUS PEOPLE have stopped to 
               watch. An UNMARKED CAR pulls up. Stops.



               Parked. Rodriguez behind the wheel. Divinci next to him.


                         What if she takes off?


                         Then we got no goddamn witness puts 
                         him at the scene.


                         And what happens if she testifies 
                         and nobody fuckin' believes her?


                         Perjury, maybe. But that's a fifty 
                         fifty. They might believe her.


                         Shit, Frank, she's a goddamn stripper 
                         for Chrissake, who's gonna believe 
                         her. I don't believe her when she's 
                         telling the truth!

               An OFFICER walks to the car and knocks on the window. Divinci 
               rolls it down.


                         What?


                         Ahh, we got two bodies out here and 
                         three more in the house.


                         So?


                         I was just wondering if you were 
                         gonna be the primary on this one, 
                         that's all.


                         Yeah, yeah, we're comin'. Just give 
                         us some room.

               Divinci rolls the window back up. The officer backs off.


                         She could blow the whole thing. She 
                         could tie us in and that would be 
                         it. We'd be fuckin' fried.


                         If it looks like she's gonna crumble 
                         we'll take steps.


                         What steps?

               Divinci looks at Rodriguez.


                         One more chalk outline more or less 
                         in this city who's gonna know?


                         Oh shit, Frank.


                         Hey, hey, you think I like this?!


                         We just can't go around killin' 
                         everybody!


                         Just a second. Look around. Whatta 
                         we got here? Two stiffs on the street, 
                         shot to shit, three more inside. 
                         That's five chalk lines in one night 
                         in one deal in one neighborhood in 
                         one city. Let me fill you in on some 
                         statistics, we're not killin' 
                         everybody.
                              
                         Look, this is strictly last resort. 
                         Okay? But let's not kid ourselves. 
                         If push comes to shove, somebody has 
                         to go down. If you got another 
                         candidate, I'm willin' to listen.

               Rodriguez is silent. Divinci opens the door. Rodriguez watches 
               him, then he follows. To the scene of another crime.





               Cynthia is in the kitchen, making herself a peanut butter 
               and jelly sandwich as she watches Sally Jesse Raphael 
               interview yet another moron on television. The phone rings. 
               She takes a bite of the sandwich as she picks up and mumbles --


                         Hello.



               Richard Stein, the attorney, is on the phone. His office is 
               cluttered with the myriad of case files he's forced to juggle.


                         Cynthia Webb?


                              
                         ...yeah.


                         I'm Richard Stein with the District 
                         Attorney's office. You're a witness 
                         in a case we're handling and I'd 
                         like to talk to you as soon as 
                         possible.

               Cynthia puts down the sandwich, her appetite suddenly gone.


                         Ms Webb?


                         Yeah.


                         Any chance we could get together 
                         today?


                              
                         I'm ah... pretty busy.


                         It won't take long. Will you be home 
                         about two?
                              
                         Ms Webb?


                         Yeah, okay... two.


                         Good. Let me make sure I've got your 
                         correct address.





               as clothes are stuffed into it. The suitcase is slammed shut. 
               And Cynthia heads for the door.





               A BLACK CONVERTIBLE MERCEDES pulls into the circular, gated 
               drive of the large two story home on immense manicured 
               grounds. A BMW is parked in front of the FOUR CAR GARAGE. It 
               is being waxed by car care specialists. The Mercedes stops 
               and a MAN gets out. He has gray hair and expensive clothes. 
               He carries a briefcase and heads for the front door. His 
               name is ARTHUR BAYLOR.



               A BUTLER shows Arthur to the patio where another MAN, NATHAN 
               MCCALL, is seated behind a table, reviewing documents. McCall 
               is fifty-five, wears glasses.


                         Mr. Baylor is here.

               McCall looks up, smiles.


                         Arthur.

               Arthur crosses. The two men shake hands.


                         Nathan. How are you?


                         Good, Arthur, thanks. Would you like 
                         some coffee, juice.


                         No, I'm fine.


                         Well, this is all a bit of a mystery. 
                         You certainly got my attention with 
                         your phone call. What's this all 
                         about?

               Arthur removes a NEWSPAPER from his briefcase. Opens it. 
               Revealing the PHOTOGRAPH OF JOE and the headline: UNDERCOVER 
               COP GUNNED DOWN BY UNDERCOVER KILLER. McCall looks at the 
               paper.


                         Is there something you want me to 
                         see?

               Arthur points at the photograph. McCall looks. A beat, then --


                         Oh my God.





               Cynthia boards a greyhound. Getting the hell out of Dodge.





               We HEAR a key in the lock. The door opens and Divinci enters. 
               He looks around.


                         Cynthia.

               He moves into the bedroom. Sees clothes strewn around and a 
               half empty closet.


                         Shit!

               He heads back into the living room. Pulls open the door and 
               almost runs into Richard Stein who was just about to knock.


                              
                         Jesus!

               Richard Stein is just as startled and it takes him a moment 
               to recognize --


                         Divinci?

               Divinci is caught off guard.


                         Richard Stein, D.A.'s office.


                         Oh, yeah, sorry. I didn't expect -- 
                         what're you doing here?


                         I have to talk with Cynthia Webb. A 
                         witness in -- well, wait, aren't you 
                         and Detective Rodriguez on this one?


                              
                         Yeah, yeah, that's why I'm here. I 
                         wanted to go over some of the details.


                         Me, too. Is she there?


                         No.


                         I was supposed to meet her at two.
                              
                         Do you know her?


                         What d'you mean?


                         Well, I just mean, if she's not 
                         here... you were...
                              
                         ...inside.


                              
                         Oh, yeah, the legal thing. Well, 
                         she's a witness in a murder case. 
                         And when they don't answer a knock 
                         and the door's open, it's my 
                         experience, you know. I like to make 
                         sure there's no dead bodies layin' 
                         around.
                              
                         Don't tell on me.


                         No, no, of course not... Well, maybe 
                         I should wait. She might be stuck in 
                         traffic or something.


                         Yeah. If she shows up, let me know. 
                         I'd like to talk to her, too.


                         Of course.

               Divinci looks at Stein for a beat, then smiles and --


                         See you in court.


                         Right.

               Divinci heads down the walkway. Richard Stein watches him 
               for a moment, then looks at the closed door, then at his 
               watch.





               Elliot's office is a cramped space in the PUBLIC DEFENDERS 
               FLOOR of the CRIMINAL COURTS BUILDING. A buzz of activity 
               outside. The staff is overworked, underpaid and 
               underappreciated. Elliot is reviewing legal documents. Knock 
               on the door.


                         Yeah.

               The door opens and Arthur Baylor enters.


                         Elliot Goff?

               Elliot looks up and suddenly recognizes --


                         Arthur Baylor?


                         Yes.

               Elliot is stunned and flattered. He stands quickly.


                         Arthur Baylor, oh my God. I ahh, 
                         would you ahh... are you here to see 
                         me?


                         Yes.

               Arthur shuts the door.





               Door opens. Joe is lead into the room by the JAIL GUARD. Joe 
               looks even better now. His stay in jail has broken his 
               dependency on alcohol. His hair is clean and combed. And 
               he's not as depressed. He stops upon seeing Elliot and Arthur 
               at the table. Both men stand. The guard shuts the door. Arthur 
               looks at Joe for a moment, then says --


                         William.

               Joe stares at Arthur as if fighting a lost memory, then --


                         ...yes.






                         What are you telling me?!

               Richard Stein is facing a not very happy Helen. She is seated 
               behind her desk stacked high with case files.


                         She missed the appointment? She forget 
                         you were coming? What?!


                         If you want my best guess, I'd say 
                         she split.


                         She split, our witness split... Can't 
                         we keep our evidence and witnesses 
                         from disappearing around here? I 
                         mean what do I have to do, lock them 
                         in the trunk of my car? What the 
                         fuck is going on?! I want that bitch 
                         back here and on the stand or in 
                         jail!

               Richard Stein nods quickly.


                         I'll get her.

               And he exits fast. He doesn't like it when his boss is pissed. 
               And right now his boss is really pissed.





               A seedy side street near the courthouse and jail. The unmarked 
               car pulls up and Divinci gets out.



               The interior is sparse. Several FRAMED FIGHT POSTERS on the 
               walls. All with MANNY LADREW, a young tough fighter in the 
               featherweight division, in his best pose, explaining where 
               and when the next bout will be -- but all these posters are 
               at least fifteen years old.

               Two desks. One for the secretary, who is on vacation, and 
               the other for MANNY LADREW, the ex-pugilist. He's put on 
               some pounds in the intervening years, plus an added thin 
               mustache. Manny is on the phone --


                         -- yeah, uh-huh.
                              
                         Why you think he'd go there?

               Divinci enters.


                         We need to talk.


                              
                         Just a second.


                         Not just a second, now!

               Manny glares at Divinci. He doesn't like Divinci, never has, 
               never will. But he's a cop. Cop's you have to make room for.


                              
                         I'll call you back.
                              
                         What d'you want, Divinci?

               Divinci pulls some papers out of his pocket, hands them to 
               Manny.


                         I got a witness who took off. I gotta 
                         get her back. I don't got a lotta 
                         time.


                         You're the fuckin' police. What're 
                         you comin' to me for?!


                         Don't ask fuckin' questions, you 
                         just find her!

               Manny, annoyed, looks at the papers -- photo of Cynthia 
               included.


                         Where've I seen her before?


                         She dances.


                         Yeah, right, okay. So what'd she 
                         take off for?


                         I said --


                         -- I know what you fuckin' said, but 
                         you want me to find her I gotta know 
                         why the fuck she took off! So I know 
                         where not to look! Okay?!


                         ...she's supposed to testify. She 
                         got scared, thinks somebody might 
                         kill her, so she's hidin'. That's 
                         why I want you to find her. If 
                         somebody is tryin' to pop her, I 
                         don't want anyone knowin' where she 
                         is. Manny eyes Divinci. He doesn't 
                         believe anything anybody tells him. 
                         Especially in his business.


                         How long I got?


                         Two days.


                         Shit, two fuckin' days!


                         Find her, puss head.

               Divinci glares at Manny, then exits. Manny watches him leave.


                         Sure, Detective. Always like to help 
                         out the police whenever possible!





               Joe  is lead into the courtroom by GUARDS. Takes 
               his place at the DEFENSE TABLE which includes Elliot and TWO 
               YOUNG ATTORNEYS. The PROSECUTION TABLE, which includes Richard 
               Stein and Helen is going over last minute minutia.

               PEOPLE are taking seats in the gallery. But another attorney 
               joins the Defense table. It's Arthur Baylor. And Richard 
               Stein double-takes when he sees him.




                              
                         Isn't that Arthur Baylor?

               Helen turns.


                         Yes.

               They watch Arthur shake hands with everyone - Elliot, the 
               two young attorneys and Joe.


                         What's he doing here?

               Arthur takes a seat at the defense table and glances across 
               at Helen and Richard and nods. Helen and Richard are stunned.


                         What the hell?


                         Hear ye, hear ye. All rise, face our 
                         flag and recognize the principles 
                         for which it stands. The Criminal 
                         Court, Department G is now in session. 
                         The Honorable Harold W. Pine 
                         presiding.

               Everyone rises as JUDGE HAROLD PINE enters. In black robe. 
               Taking his place behind the bench. He sits.


                         Please be seated and come to order.

               Everyone sits. And even Judge Harold Pine double-takes when 
               he sees Arthur Baylor at the Defense table.


                         The People versus Joe Doe in case 
                         number 95-24705.


                         Before we proceed, I'd like to ask 
                         the Defense if there's anything this 
                         court should be made aware of.

               Arthur stands.


                         Yes, your honor. I have joined the 
                         defense in the representation of Mr. 
                         William Dane McCall, otherwise known 
                         to this court as Joe Doe.

               Everyone turns to look at Joe . CAMERA PUSHES 
               in on him. It doesn't look as if he's sure who he is yet.


                         I have represented the McCall family 
                         for several years before William 
                         McCall's disappearance seven years 
                         ago. It was assumed that he had died, 
                         but since he has reappeared under 
                         these tragic circumstances, I would 
                         ask this court for a continuance to 
                         allow the defense to prepare 
                         adequately in light of his real 
                         identity now being known.


                         How long do you need.


                         One week should be sufficient.


                         Any objection to a week's continuance 
                         by the State?


                         I don't... believe so, your honor.


                         Then I grant a one week continuance. 
                         We will start the proceedings next 
                         Monday morning.

               Judge Harold Pine taps his gavel.





               FLASH Joe's photograph and scenes of him being lead from the 
               courtroom. Helen and Richard Stein are watching. They can't 
               believe it.


                         -- when it was discovered that the 
                         man who has confessed to killing an 
                         undercover DEA agent, was actually 
                         himself thought dead for seven years. 
                         The man who signed the confession as 
                         Joe Doe is actually William Dane 
                         McCall, brother of Nathan McCall. 
                         Both are sons of the founder of McCall 
                         International, a corporation involved 
                         in telecommunications, computer design 
                         and development and other related 
                         industries. The net worth of both 
                         men is estimated at over a billion 
                         dollars --





               Parked on the street. Rodriguez and Divinci inside. Rodriguez 
               reads the paper.


                         -- but William McCall shunned the 
                         business world and turned his life 
                         to medicine, receiving his medical 
                         degree from Harvard in 1969. Once 
                         again he turned his back on the 
                         established norm and spent several 
                         years in Africa performing organ 
                         transplants for the poor.

               Rodriguez slams down the paper.


                         Jesus Christ, this is who you picked? 
                         A goddamn surgeon who performs organ 
                         transplants on poor Africans?!


                         He was living in the fuckin' street! 
                         How the hell was I supposed to know 
                         he was a goddamn doctor?!


                         He's not a goddamn doctor! You picked 
                         a fuckin' Saint to pin a fuckin' 
                         murder on!

               Divinci grabs the paper away from him. Both cops are angry, 
               upset, frustrated and scared to death.


                         When we pick 'em, we really fuckin' 
                         pick 'em. We shoulda just picked up 
                         the fuckin' Pope.


                              
                         -- he disappeared seven years ago on 
                         September 19 two weeks after the 
                         tragic death of his wife and two 
                         young children in a multiple vehicle 
                         accident. At the time it was assumed 
                         that he had returned to Africa, but 
                         that was never confirmed. What William 
                         McCall has been doing for seven years 
                         is now the mystery that the court 
                         will try to help unravel.

               Divinci closes the paper.


                         Alright, alright, let's think here. 
                         What's the worse case scenario?


                         Are you asking me if I can think of 
                         something worse than what we've done 
                         that we can still do, or something 
                         worse that might happen to us if 
                         this all blows up and we are convicted 
                         and sent to jail and die in the 
                         electric chair and go to hell?

               Divinci looks at Rodriguez.


                         Work with me here.


                         I'm sorry. I'm a little on edge. 
                         Would you repeat the question?

               Both men are quiet for a moment, then --


                         Even if the doc walks, there's no 
                         evidence ties us to it. There's only 
                         one person who can connect us to 
                         Hudd.


                         Okay, fine, I don't wanna argue about 
                         it anymore. Let's just fuckin' kill 
                         her.





               Manny LaDrew is pouring himself a cup of coffee. His SECRETARY 
               is typing up a letter at her desk.


                         We need to talk.

               Manny recognizes the voice. He mouths an oh fuck to himself, 
               then turns around to Divinci who is standing in the doorway.


                         Are you fuckin' with me?


                         No, I'm not fuckin' with you. Are 
                         you fuckin' with me?!


                         You don't know?


                         Know what?


                         Well this is a good one. You're a 
                         cop and you don't know.


                         Stop it.


                         Cops got her. Ain't that a gas. Cops 
                         got her, you're a cop, and you gotta 
                         find out from me. It's a crazy world 
                         we live in, don't you think?

               Divinci suddenly explodes, going for Manny, grabbing him, 
               slamming him against the wall, his arm to Manny's throat.


                         Cops?! What fuckin' cops?!


                         I don't know what fuckin' cops. All 
                         I know is, my people got to her 
                         sister's place and she was already 
                         gone. Her sister said some cops took 
                         her. I thought it was you!

               Divinci glares at Manny for a beat, then he storms out.


                         What an asshole.

               Manny looks down at his Secretary.


                         You're a good judge of character.





               at his desk, on the phone.


                         -- look, she's our witness, if she's 
                         in custody, somebody better tell me!

               Divinci slams down the phone. He sits quietly for a moment, 
               then rubs his face. Rodriguez crosses to his desk, sits down.


                         Anything?


                         Nothin'. Nobody knows nothin'. The 
                         D.A. thinks she's gone. D.E.A. doesn't 
                         know shit.


                         If she was bein' held by police, 
                         we'd know.


                         Unless she said somethin'.


                         If she said something we wouldn't be 
                         sittin' here.
                              
                         I think it's that lyin' piece of 
                         shit.





               getting the shit beat out of him. The room is dark. Two men 
               are hammering on Manny. Throwing him against the wall, pulling 
               him up and hitting him in the stomach -- not the face. 
               Throwing him across the room, over the desk. Manny is too 
               hurt to get up. Divinci walks over to him, rubbing his gloved 
               hand.


                         Don't ever lie to me again.

               Manny looks up weakly. Divinci walks away. Rodriguez opens 
               the door and they exit.





               Joe is sitting on his cot, staring at the floor. ANOTHER MAN 
               is in the cell with him, reading a magazine. His name is 
               DUNCAN. Duncan looks at Joe.


                         First trial, huh.


                         Yes.


                         I got one piece of advise. When you 
                         break for lunch, don't get the 
                         pastrami.

               We HEAR the BARRED CELL DOOR open.


                         Time to go.

               Joe gets up. Puts out his hands. They shackle him as we HEAR --


                         Hear ye, hear ye. All rise, face our 
                         flag and recognize the principles 
                         for which it stands.



               Joe is lead down the hall by TWO GUARDS, past rows of cells 
               filled with other PRISONERS --


                         The Criminal Court, Department G is 
                         now in session. The Honorable Harold 
                         W. Pine presiding.
                              
                         Please be seated and come to order.



               Joe is lead to a waiting prison van. He gets inside.


                         The People versus William McCall in 
                         case number 95-24705.

               The van pulls away.





               as it is introduced into evidence.


                         -- when he pulled this gun and fired 
                         at the driver of the car. Killing 
                         him instantly. Let the record show 
                         that this is the weapon used in the 
                         crime, a Smith and Wesson forty-four 
                         caliber handgun.



               Joe is sitting at the Defense table with Arthur and Elliot. 
               The trial is underway. And they watch the .44 go to the 
               evidence table -- the .44 with the BLACK STAIN.

               Richard Stein is seated at the Defense table. He, too, is 
               watching the .44. He leans across to his ASSISTANT.


                         All these goddamn guns are startin' 
                         to look the same to me.





               on the stand, being questioned by Helen.


                         And when you arrested the defendant, 
                         did he deny that he had killed Agent 
                         Hudd.


                         No.


                         Can you describe the defendant's 
                         condition at the time of his arrest.


                         He was drunk. We could smell the 
                         booze on him. But we drew blood. He 
                         didn't object.


                         We have the blood test report that 
                         shows --
                              
                         -- that he had four times the legal 
                         limit to drive. The people would 
                         like to enter this into evidence.

               They so enter it.





               on the stand. Elliot is cross-examining.


                         -- and you arrested the defendant 
                         four days after the killing. What 
                         lead you to suspect Mr. McCall?


                         You ask questions. Work the 
                         neighborhood. Find out who was on 
                         the street that night.


                         Yes, but specifically Mr. McCall? He 
                         had no previous criminal record.


                         We found someone who'd seen him in 
                         the area. So we picked him up for 
                         questioning. We didn't expect it to 
                         be him. But if someone saw him in 
                         the area that night we would want to 
                         talk to him. If he wasn't the killer, 
                         he might've seen the killer. Just 
                         routine really.


                         Where did you find the defendant?


                         On the street. Corner of Third and 
                         Madison.


                         What was he doing?


                         He was passed out.


                         But you knew it was the man you were 
                         looking for.


                         Yes.


                         Based on what?


                         His description.


                         Who provided you with the description?


                              
                         Cynthia something, I think.

               Elliot moves to the defense table, glances at Arthur as he 
               picks up a paper. Arthur nods approvingly. Elliot looks at 
               the paper.


                         I believe her name is Cynthia Webb. 
                         According to the statement filed the 
                         night she picked him out of the line-
                         up. The name familiar?


                         Yes... that's her.


                         Where did you find Ms Webb?


                         On the street. Same area.


                         And she agreed to pick the defendant 
                         out of a line up.


                         Yes.


                         Where you aware that Ms Webb 
                         disappeared after she was served 
                         with a subpoena?


                         Yes, my partner and I tried to contact 
                         her about the case and were 
                         unsuccessful.


                         Thank you, Detective, that's all the 
                         questions I have.

               Rodriguez gets up as we --





               A waitress cruises past tables to the booth in the back. She 
               sets down two scotch and waters to the two men. Rodriguez 
               and Divinci. The waitress exits. Divinci picks up his glass.


                         To justice in all its forms.

               Rodriguez picks up his glass.


                         We're not home free yet.


                         Without Ms Webb, there's no place 
                         they can go. We still got the 
                         confession, the gun, the ballistics... 
                         And I don't give a shit about all 
                         this African doctor crap... the man 
                         is a drunk and he's been a drunk for 
                         seven goddamn years. So lets have a 
                         drink for drunks.

               Rodriguez reluctantly lifts his glass. They clink and drink.


                         That's the thing about life. You 
                         control it or it controls you. Most 
                         people don't understand that. They 
                         try'n blame their fuck-ups on 
                         something or somebody else. But it's 
                         not like that. I don't wanna hear 
                         why your life's a mess. It's a mess 
                         cause you're a mess. That simple. 
                         They're waitin' to live happily ever 
                         after. But after what? After all the 
                         shit happens? Well, I got a clue for 
                         everybody, the shit never stops 
                         happening. So you deal with it or 
                         you get buried in it. I'm not talkin' 
                         about you, you know what I'm sayin' 
                         here.


                         Yeah.


                         Life don't work in mysterious ways. 
                         There ain't no mystery to it. You 
                         just work it. And you don't take it 
                         too serious. You can't take it too 
                         serious otherwise you get fragile. 
                         And you can't be fragile and have 
                         any fuckin' fun.


                         You think I'm fragile?


                         That's the first sign of trouble, 
                         when you start askin' other people.

               Rodriguez nods.


                         ...I just wish I knew where the hell 
                         she was.





               Helen and Richard Stein are working late. Over take-out 
               Chinese.


                              
                         -- so I think we'll have to rely on 
                         the confession for his description 
                         of what happened. He'll never take 
                         the stand, even if --

               The phone rings. Richard picks up.


                              
                         D.A.'s office... What?... When?... 
                         Where will --

               Richard is surprised. He turns to Helen.


                         They found Cynthia Webb.


                         Where?


                         I don't know.


                         When?


                         I don't know.


                         Well who the hell was that?


                         I don't know. They hung up.

               Richard hangs up the receiver. He and Helen exchange a look.


                         What the fuck is going on?!






                         Your honor, the people call Ms. 
                         Cynthia Webb to the stand.



               Rodriguez and Divinci are stunned. Cynthia? Elliot is 
               completely surprised. Cynthia? Arthur is never shaken by 
               anything.

               The courtroom doors open and Cynthia is lead down the aisle 
               by a SHERIFF'S DEPUTY. She moves to the chair.

               But it's Joe's turn to double take. He remembers her. My 
               God, he knows her. It's Cynthia -- the girl from the apartment 
               building. He never saw who pointed him out, but he never 
               expected it to be her.


                         Raise your right hand.

               Cynthia raises her hand. But her look goes right to Joe. 
               Staring at him. She's never seen Joe like this -- cleaned 
               up, trimmed, handsome. She's not sure she even recognizes 
               him.


                         You swear to tell the truth, the 
                         whole truth and nothing but the truth 
                         so help you God.

               She turns her eyes from Joe.


                         Sure.


                         You may be seated.

               Cynthia sits down. Looks at Divinci.

               And Joe leans across to Arthur and Elliot. Their conversation 
               is in whispers --


                         I know her.


                         She's the woman who identified you.


                         No. I mean I know her.


                         ...How?


                         I'm not sure... I think I lived near 
                         her.

               Arthur exchanges a look with Elliot. Arthur turns now and 
               looks at Cynthia. The wheels are turning.


                         Please state your name for the court.


                         Cynthia Webb.


                         Do you see the man that you identified 
                         in a police line-up in this room.


                         Yes.


                         Is it the defendant, Mr. McCall?

               Cynthia looks at Joe. Joe looks straight at her. Cynthia 
               turns her eyes away.


                         Yes.


                         Please describe what you saw the 
                         night of September 14th.


                         I was comin' out of an all night 
                         minimart --





               Cynthia comes out of a ALL NIGHT MINI-MART with a bag of 
               food. She walks down the street and suddenly we HEAR a 
               GUNSHOT. Followed by a CAR CRASH. She turns toward the sound. 
               And we HEAR RUNNING FOOTSTEPS. Then we see a man running. He 
               has a pistol in one hand.

               Cynthia watches the man run past and disappear into the 
               darkness.





               Cynthia is looking at Helen.


                         And you're positive the man you saw 
                         with the gun is the defendant.

               Instead of looking at Joe, Cynthia turns to Rodriguez and 
               Divinci who are seated in the rows behind the prosecution 
               table. They are looking right at her. They wait for her 
               answer.


                         Yeah.


                         No further questions.

               Divinci offers her a small smile.

               Cynthia turns away. Arthur is now standing in front of her.


                         Miss Webb... is it Miss?


                         Yes.


                         Miss Webb, had you ever seen the 
                         defendant before that night, the 
                         night you described to us?


                         No.


                         Do you know what perjury is?


                         When you lie.


                         When you lie under oath in a court 
                         of law. Do you know what the penalty 
                         for that is?


                         You go to jail.


                         Yes... Cynthia, have you ever seen 
                         the defendant before that night?


                         Objection. The witness has already 
                         answered that question.


                         Sustained.


                         I just want to give the witness the 
                         opportunity to remember if she could 
                         have seen Mr. McCall anyplace else 
                         before the night in question.

               Divinci stares at Cynthia. As if willing her to give the 
               answer he wants her to give.


                         Ms. Webb, do you understand the 
                         consequences of perjury?


                         Yes.


                         Let's get on with it then.


                         What did you buy the night you went 
                         into the mini-mart?


                         What did I buy?


                         You remembered seeing Mr. McCall 
                         that night and hearing the gunshot 
                         and a car crash. I just wondered if 
                         you remembered what you bought in 
                         the mini-mart.


                         ...shampoo I think.


                         That's all?


                         Yes.


                         Where do you live?


                         4356 17th Street. Number 37.


                         Is that close to where this mini-
                         mart is?


                         Close? Sort of.


                         How far would you say?


                         I don't really know.


                         Within walking distance?


                         No... I don't think so.


                         Did you walk there that night or 
                         drive?


                         I ahh... drove.


                         You drove. But when you left the 
                         mini-mart you stated that you walked 
                         down the street.


                         Yeah.


                         How far?


                         ...to the corner.


                         Objection. Your honor, I don't see a 
                         point to this line of questioning.


                         Is there a point?


                         Yes, your honor. Since this is the 
                         only witness, I'm trying to establish 
                         what the scene was like that night.


                         Try to get there as quickly as 
                         possible.


                              
                         And how far away from the corner was 
                         the Mini-mart? For example was it in 
                         the middle of the block, close to 
                         the corner, where?


                         In the middle I think.


                         So you walked all the way to the 
                         corner. I assume then you were walking 
                         back to your car, yes?


                         ...yeah.


                         Was there a reason you parked so far 
                         away?


                              
                         Um... there were lots of cars parked 
                         on the street.


                         Was there anyone else on the street 
                         besides you?


                         No.


                         Lots of cars, but no people. Any 
                         traffic?


                         I don't remember.


                         So you were the only person to see 
                         Joe on the street that night?


                         I didn't see anybody else.


                         So you heard a gunshot, a car crash 
                         and a man running with a gun in his 
                         hand.


                         Yes.


                         What did you do then? Did you call 
                         the police, 911?


                         I went home.


                         You went home. Straight home?


                         Yes.


                         And you're sure it was Joe you saw 
                         that night?


                         Yes.


                         When you went home.


                         Yes.

               Arthur pauses.


                         When you went home you saw Joe?

               Cynthia realizes what she's said.


                         No.


                         Objection. Defense is trying to 
                         confuse the witness.


                         I'm not trying to confuse the witness, 
                         it's the witness that's trying to 
                         confuse the court. I have witnesses 
                         who will refute her testimony. 
                         Witnesses who were on that corner 
                         the night of the shooting, who never 
                         saw Ms. Webb, who never heard the 
                         gunshot, who never saw Joe run past. 
                         Ms Webb saw Joe outside her apartment 
                         building that night because he lived 
                         in the alley next to it. Isn't that 
                         right, Ms Webb?

               Arthur turns dramatically to Cynthia. She is scared.


                         Objection!

               Everyone's attention is on Cynthia.


                         When I referred to him as Joe, you 
                         knew who I was talking about, didn't 
                         you. This case is the People versus 
                         Mr. William McCall. Not Joe. Joe has 
                         never been mentioned in this trial. 
                         How did you know who I was talking 
                         about, Ms. Webb?

               Cynthia looks from Arthur to Divinci. Divinci is frozen. 
               Rodriguez is sweating.

               Then Cynthia turns and looks at Joe.

               Joe looks at her, feeling sorry for her. Not hating her.


                         Ms. Webb, how did you know that Joe 
                         was the defendant?

               Cynthia lowers her eyes to the floor.


                         He lived in the alley next to my 
                         apartment building.

               Helen and Richard Stein are stunned yet again.


                              
                         Oh shit.

               Divinci and Rodriguez are doing their best to remain cool, 
               calm and collected.


                         Why did you lie to this court?


                         I don't know.


                         Are you afraid of somebody?


                         I don't know.


                         Are you protecting somebody?


                         I don't know.


                         Answer the questions, Ms. Webb or 
                         I'll be forced to cite you for 
                         contempt.

               Cynthia looks up at the judge. She's not talking.





               having her mug shots taken. Holding a number. On the FLASH --





               Driving.


                         She didn't talk.


                         Don't hold your breath.


                         You think she'll talk.


                         I know she'll talk.


                         We'll make it look gang related.


                         Problem is we're gonna need another 
                         gun.


                         The problem?! Have you forgotten? 
                         She's in fucking jail. That's the 
                         goddamn problem.


                         Since when is being in jail a guaranty 
                         of a long life? You just get a fuckin' 
                         gun.



               Rodriguez gets out of the car. Divinci pulls away, driving 
               into traffic. Rodriguez heads into the Station.





               Divinci enters. Manny looks up from his desk. His face is 
               bruised and bandaged.


                         Oh shit. I didn't do anything!


                         Everything's fine, Manny. I just 
                         came to apologize.
                              
                         We need some privacy...

               Manny looks at Divinci, then motions for his Secretary to 
               take a walk. She gets up, exits.


                         Just one more favor. I want you to 
                         bail somebody out of jail.


                         You're kiddin'.


                         Bail's twenty-five thousand.

               Divinci pulls out a piece of paper.


                         I want her out tonight. And don't 
                         tell her who. It's a surprise.


                         And how'm I payin' for this? They 
                         don't take American Express.

               Divinci pulls a plastic bag filled with cocaine out of his 
               pocket -- tosses it onto Manny's desk.


                         I know you know how to exchange that. 
                         It's worth a lot more than twenty-
                         five grand. You can keep the change.
                              
                         I want her back in two hours... Or 
                         I'll nail you for possession.


                         How'd you get to be such a prick?




               Divinci exits.


                         What a piece of shit.





               Cynthia sits alone in her cell.





               Joe lies on his cot. But even though he is in jail for murder, 
               he is no longer the bum. This is a new man now. Clean shaven. 
               Hair cut. Prison clothes neat. Duncan rolls over on his cot.


                         You don't have to say nothin', but... 
                         you really a doctor?


                         ...I was... a surgeon.


                         No shit, no shit, really. A surgeon. 
                         I know I'm nobody to judge, but you 
                         musta been a smart guy. What the 
                         hell's a smart guy like you doin' in 
                         here?

               Joe looks up at Duncan, hesitates, then --


                         ...I had an affair with another 
                         woman... a nurse at the hospital I 
                         worked at. It was nothing... I can't 
                         even remember much about her... Except 
                         my wife found out. We had a fight. 
                         She left the house, took the kids... 
                         She was hysterical. I should've done 
                         something... gone after them, I don't 
                         know... they were killed in a car 
                         accident about a mile from the 
                         house... I've never told anybody 
                         that... about why she left.

               Duncan nods.


                         Hey, doc, you can trust me. It won't 
                         go no farther.





               Rodriguez is outside the Station. Looking nervous and upset. 
               The unmarked car pulls up. Rodriguez moves for the car. He 
               gets in and the car pulls away.



               Divinci drives. Rodriguez sweats. Divinci notices.


                         You get the gun?


                         I got it.


                         Everything okay?


                         Are you kidding? We're going to kill 
                         a goddamn witness who's in fucking 
                         jail because we killed an undercover 
                         DEA agent. I'm sorry, but this kinda 
                         shit troubles me a little.


                         Take off the dress and get back in 
                         the game. We gotta do what we gotta 
                         do.


                         Yeah. I know. Let's just get it over 
                         with.

               Divinci glances at Rodriguez. He's more nervous than normal.





               Manny walks out of the jail building. Cynthia is with him.


                         I don't understand. Why can't you 
                         tell me who put up the bond?


                         Look, a guy comes in, says bail her 
                         out, gives me the money, I do it. 
                         That's how I make my living, I bail 
                         fuckin' people outa jail. You wait 
                         with me.


                         Was it a cop?


                         Yeah, right. Cops bail people outa 
                         jail all the time. Doesn't there 
                         seem to be a dichotomy there for 
                         you?


                         I don't like this.


                         You wanna stay in jail, that's up to 
                         you. Or you come with me.


                         What'd he look like?


                         You're a stripper right? Lotta guys 
                         fall in love with your type. But 
                         they don't know how to get close, 
                         know what I mean? Somebody wants you 
                         to owe them something.
                              
                         Take it or leave it.

               Manny starts down the steps. Cynthia hesitates, then follows.



               Divinci and Rodriguez watch Cynthia get into the car with 
               Manny.


                         This is the last time, Frank. The 
                         last time we kill somebody.


                         Yeah, it's the last time.


                         This'll be eleven, Frank. Eleven is 
                         enough.


                         I get the picture.

               Divinci looks at Rodriguez. He's staring out the window, but 
               he looks ill. Something is not right with him.


                         It was all okay until you shot Hudd.


                         What's goin' on here? You mad at me 
                         or something?


                         It wasn't my idea to start killing 
                         people, Frank. That's all I'm sayin'. 
                         We're in this goddamn mess because 
                         you started killing people.


                         Drug dealers don't qualify as people. 
                         Never did, never will. So what the 
                         hell's wrong with you tonight? You 
                         suddenly worried about where all the 
                         money went?


                         I'm just sick of it, that's all.

               Divinci stares at Rodriguez for a beat, then starts car.





               The unmarked car turns off the street onto the side street 
               and stops. The lights go out.




                         What're you doin'?


                         I need some fresh air.

               Divinci exits. Rodriguez hesitates, then gets out with him.




                         Frank --


                         Talk to me, okay? Just fuckin' talk 
                         to me.

               Rodriguez hesitates a moment, then --


                         I don't know... I owe some money. I 
                         don't know how I'm gonna pay it...


                         You gambling again?


                         Yeah, yeah... I just couldn't... 
                         Frank... let's forget about this. 
                         Let's just get the fuck outa here. 
                         We got enough money, let's go. We'll 
                         get outa the country or something.

               Divinci turns toward Rodriguez. And he's got his pistol out.


                         What the hell're you doin'?!


                         Take off your shirt.


                         What're you talkin' about?


                         Just take off your shirt. If there's 
                         nothin' to worry about, then I'll 
                         apologize. But I'm not gonna argue. 
                         Take off your fuckin' shirt now.


                         What is this, you piece of shit?! 
                         You don't trust me?! Is that it?! 




                         ...Take off your shirt.


                         Fuck you, you don't trust me.


                         I'm askin' you one more time.


                         You wanna shoot me? Shoot me.

               Divinci hesitates. He doesn't want to. This is his partner. 
               A beat, then he lowers his gun.


                         Okay, I'm sorry. You're right. I'm 
                         fuckin' nervous. Like you. Forget 
                         it. This thing... shit. Let's just 
                         get it over with.

               Divinci holsters his gun. Rodriguez hesitates, breathes a 
               sigh, then returns to the car. They both get back in.



               Divinci starts up the car.


                         I'll just feel a whole lot better 
                         when she's dead. Then we're off the 
                         hook.


                         Right.

               Divinci starts to shift gears, but suddenly throws his elbow 
               into Rodriguez' face. And Divinci is all over him like a 
               tornado. Slamming a fist into his face repeatedly. He grabs 
               his shirt and rips it open REVEALING the TAPE RECORDER 
               strapped to his body, recording their every word.




               Divinci puts his revolver to Rodriguez' head. Rodriguez, 
               bleeding from the mouth and nose, looks at Frank.


                         Yeah... yeah... I am, I'm a fuckin' 
                         rat... I traded you, Frank, I fuckin' 
                         traded you... Simms knows everything.

               Divinci pulls back the hammer, ready to blow Rodriguez' head 
               off.


                         Just fuckin' shoot me, get it the 
                         fuck over with! I DESERVE IT! I 


               Divinci is ready to pull the trigger.


                         You're fuckin' right.

               Divinci rips the wires off the recorder. Rodriguez closes 
               his eyes, waiting for the end. A tense moment, then --


                         ...Get out.

               Rodriguez opens his eyes, looking at Divinci, who is still 
               holding the gun to his head. Another moment, then --


                         Frank --


                              
                         Get outa the car NOW!

               A beat, then Rodriguez gets out. Divinci looks up at his 
               partner.


                         This is why you can never -- ever -- 
                         lose your sense of fuckin' humor.



               The car tears away, leaving Rodriguez alone in the alley.





               Rodriguez pushes open the door to his apartment, enters. 
               Shuts the door. Stands alone in the room for a moment, then 
               suddenly erupts in rage. Ripping off his coat, ripping off 
               his shirt, ripping off the tape recorder taped to his chest.

               He throws the recorder on the ground. Stomps on it until 
               it's shattered into pieces. He stares at the broken recorder.


                         I guess we caught you at a bad time.

               Rodriguez spins around. Vic steps into the moonlight streaming 
               in through the window. Behind him is Cutless Supreme.


                         But we all have problems.

               Rodriguez suddenly YELLS and CHARGES THEM. He tackles Vic. 
               But in the darkness we can't see anything. Until the explosion 
               of a GUN and the FLASH of flames lights up the room. A moment 
               of silence then --


                         Oh shit. You shot him, you fuckin' 
                         shot him!

               Two men stumble to the door. Leaving one on the floor. The 
               door is flung open and Vic runs out. Followed by Cutless 
               Supreme.





               The crime scene is swarming with cops, DEA and FBI. The task 
               of evidence collection in progress. Rodriguez' body on the 
               floor. Agent Simms is standing over the body with Agent 
               Sarkasian.


                         Divinci musta figured it. I didn't 
                         think he'd kill his own partner 
                         though.


                         He's an animal.

               DEA AGENT Hooper comes up behind Simms.


                         Recorders busted up. But we might be 
                         able to salvage some of the tape.


                         I want him. You understand me, I 
                         don't care what it takes. I want 
                         that sonuvabitch!

               Simms heads for the door. Sarkasian and Hooper follow.





               A car pulls up in front.



               It is deadly quiet. We PAN SLOWLY around the office until we 
               find Manny in his chair, sprawled back. Continuing to PAN 
               until we see Cynthia sprawled on the couch. But no signs of 
               blood. Just the bodies. The door opens. TWO MEN enters. All 
               we SEE are GUNS in hands.

               Cynthia and Manny wake up with a start. Manny is scared.


                         Shit! Who the fuck're you?!

               A BADGE comes out. And now we see Agents Hooper and Sarkasian.


                         Ms. Webb. We'd like you to come with 
                         us.

               Cynthia looks at Manny. She's pissed.


                         This was the big secret? Shit. You're 
                         an asshole.

               Cynthia puts her coat on and heads for the door. Manny doesn't 
               know what the hell is going on.





               Cynthia is in with Agents Simms, Hooper and Sarkasian.


                         Who set it up?


                         I don't know.


                         It was Divinci wasn't it?


                         I don't know.


                         Which one pulled the trigger? Divinci 
                         or Rodriguez?


                         I don't know.

               Agent Simms looks right into Cynthia's eyes.


                         Detective Rodriguez is dead. He was 
                         shot in the head last night.

               This gets Cynthia's attention.


                         Rodriguez was wearing a recorder. 
                         Divinci found it. You can do addition, 
                         can't you.


                         You're full of shit.


                         Just tell us what you know.

               Cynthia looks at both of them.


                         Where's Divinci?


                         We don't know. But we're gonna find 
                         him.


                         You're gonna find him?
                              
                         Right... I don't know a fuckin' thing.

               Simms stares at her for a moment, then turns to Hooper and 
               nods. Hooper takes Cynthia's arm and leads her out of the 
               office. When the door closes --


                         Get a copy of the tape to Bailor. 
                         But make sure it doesn't come from 
                         us.





               Cynthia is alone in her cell. We HEAR footsteps. She looks 
               up as the GUARD approaches.


                         Your attorney's here.


                         What attorney?



               Cynthia enters the office. The Guard shuts the door. Cynthia 
               finds herself facing Arthur Baylor. A tape recorder on the 
               table in front of him.


                         Hi, Cynthia. Please sit down.


                         I got nothin' to say.


                         So I'm told.

               Arthur pushes the tape recorder and we HEAR --


                         ...Take off your shirt...


                         Fuck you, you don't trust me.


                         I'm askin' you one more time.


                         You wanna shoot me? Shoot me.


                         Okay, I'm sorry. You're right. I'm 
                         fuckin' nervous. Like you. Forget 
                         it. This thing... shit. Let's just 
                         get it over with. I'll just feel a 
                         whole lot better when she's dead. 
                         Then we're off the hook.

               Arthur watches Cynthia's reaction to "when she's dead." But 
               Cynthia has seen enough not to be too shocked by anything. 
               And her reaction is subtle. She knows better than to reveal 
               what she's really feeling and thinking.


                         Right.





                         Yeah... yeah... I am, I'm a fuckin' 
                         rat... I traded you, Frank, I fuckin' 
                         traded you... Simms knows everything. 
                         Just fuckin' shoot me, get it the 
                         fuck over with! I DESERVE IT! I 



                         You're fuckin' right.

               The recording ends. Arthur shuts off the machine.


                         I think you know my client is 
                         innocent. That's all I care about, 
                         my client. But I understand why you're 
                         scared. You're already facing perjury 
                         charges. My guess is, your involvement 
                         is deeper than that. But I don't 
                         really care, I'm not after you... I 
                         get nothing if you go to jail. But I 
                         think if I help you, I can help my 
                         client.


                         ...how?


                         William -- Joe -- didn't do it, did 
                         he?

               Cynthia hesitates, then shakes her head.


                         Why don't you sit down.

               A beat, then Cynthia pulls up a chair.





               angry.


                         No goddamn way! I'm not going to 
                         grant that whore immunity. She lied 
                         on the stand, she's protecting 
                         somebody. And she's involved. I want 
                         them all.

               Arthur, who was sitting across from him, stands.


                         Before I leave, let me remind you 
                         that you have shit for a case. If 
                         you really care about seeing justice 
                         for your dead agent, don't blow this 
                         deal. Immunity for her testimony is 
                         a small price for a bad cop. It's 
                         the only way she's going to talk.

               Simms glares at Arthur.


                         And William McCall walks, right now, 
                         all charges dropped.

               Simms hesitates, then --


                         If what she says is any good, I'll 
                         deal. If it isn't, then nobody goes 
                         anywhere.





               Cynthia is lead down the hall by GUARDS. They enter an office.



               Agents Simms, Hooker, Sarkasian and TWO TECHNICIANS are 
               waiting inside with Arthur. Cynthia is lead into the room. 
               The guards withdraw, closing the door.

               Cynthia looks at the men, then at the TAPE RECORDING EQUIPMENT 
               on the table and the empty chair. A MICROPHONE is waiting.

               Cynthia looks at Arthur, then sits down in the chair.





               REPORTERS swarm around Arthur and Joe as they exit the 
               courthouse.


                         How does it feel to be a free man 
                         again?

               Arthur and Joe head down the steps to a waiting LIMOUSINE.


                         Do you remember everything that 
                         happened to you? What are your plans?


                         I just want to go back to work.


                         As a surgeon?


                         Yes.


                         What about the signed confession, 
                         did the police coerce you into signing 
                         it?


                         I'm sorry, no more questions.

               They get into the back of the waiting limo and it pulls away.



               Nathan is in the back, staring at Joe. Arthur sits next to 
               Joe. Nathan smiles. Joe smiles.


                         Good to have you back, Will.


                         ...I'd like to make one stop.


                         I know.





               The limousine is parked curbside. Nathan and Arthur wait. 
               Watching Joe walk across the lawn. He stops, looking down.

               The grave stones are for his wife and two children. He sits 
               down beside them. It's very near where Agent Hudd was buried.





               Giant party in progress. Expensive cars parked along the 
               drive.



               Filled with well-wishers in TUXES and GOWNS. Arthur Bailor 
               and Elliot in attendance. Elliot isn't used to this much 
               glory, but he's taking credit where where he can -- with one 
               of the PRETTY YOUNG WOMEN.


                         -- you know, it just didn't make 
                         sense, a man wanting to be punished 
                         for a crime? How many times does 
                         that happen? Once in a lifetime, I 
                         can tell you.

               CAMERA MOVES to Arthur, who is also receiving his share of 
               the credit.


                         -- to tell the truth, I had no other 
                         witnesses to refute her testimony. 
                         But she didn't know that. All we 
                         knew was that she was reluctant to 
                         testify. You look for signs.

               And CAMERA CONTINUES TO Joe and Nathan.


                         My God, we thought you were dead, 
                         you know. It's just incredible that 
                         you're here.


                         Life moves in such strange ways. Oh, 
                         I just think what might've happened 
                         to you had you not been arrested for 
                         killing that poor policeman. You 
                         still might be on the street.

               Joe just takes it all in, smiling and nodding.


                         Joe, you look wonderful. After what 
                         you've been through... I just can't 
                         imagine.


                         When you're ready to come back to 
                         work, let me know. I've already spoken 
                         to the board, they're ready to re-
                         certify you anytime. I can put you 
                         in the emergency sector until you 
                         get warmed up. We all want you back. 
                         We can't afford to waste someone of 
                         your talent.

               A beat, then Joe smiles.


                         ...I'm ready.

               A BLACK TUXEDO WIPES past CAMERA as we --



               BLACK SCREEN. We HEAR the POUNDING of the MUSIC -- a FAMILIAR 
               RHYTHM. And in GRAFFITI across the screen:





               The neon blares as usual.



               And there's Cynthia. Back bumping and grinding to the music. 
               He life hasn't changed at all. And she knows it. But there's 
               nothing else she can do.





               Door opens. Cynthia enters. Shuts the door. Tries the light. 
               It doesn't go on. Suddenly a man is next to her --


                         I guess you had no choice.

               Cynthia tries to move, but a hand grabs her arm. And now we 
               see Divinci. He looks like hell. A man on the run. Desperate 
               and dangerous. He hasn't shaved. His clothes are filthy. He 
               looks like... Joe. Cynthia looks up at him.


                         You had to do the right thing.


                         What d'you want?


                         What do I want?

               Divinci suddenly shoves her hard across the room.


                         Why're you asking me that? You gonna 
                         grant me three wishes? I don't know 
                         where to start. Let's see... money 
                         would be nice... love would be 
                         better... but a little loyalty... 
                         you can never get enough of that.
                              
                         ...But we'll start with... money.

               Divinci pushes her into the bedroom.



               Cynthia goes to her closet, pulls out a box, opens it. It's 
               got her savings.


                         This is all I've got.

               Divinci grabs the money and stuffs it into his jacket pocket.


                         They'll catch you.


                         I don't think so.


                         You wanna bet?


                         They don't have a clue, baby. And 
                         you wanna know why? Because I am 
                         following my heart.

               Divinci puts aside his gun. And pushes Cynthia down on the 
               bed. He leans in close to her. Face to face.


                         And they don't know where that is.


                         So tell me about your plans. I think 
                         I'd like to hear 'em now.

               Divinci looks at Cynthia for a moment, almost with remorse.


                         Loyalty is what it all comes down 
                         to. Nothing holds together when it's 
                         gone. And once it's gone, you don't 
                         ever get it back... You shouldn't've 
                         told 'em.


                         I shouldn't've done a lotta things 
                         in my life. But that's not one of 
                         'em.


                         Let me tell you something... the 
                         only difference between a liar and a 
                         witness is that just one of 'em knows 
                         what he's doing.



               It is dark and quiet. No clue as to what's going on inside. 
               And we hold on this for a long moment. Just wondering what's 
               she being made to do. And then there's a MUFFLED BOOM. Divinci 
               exits the bedroom quickly. He is upset. We HEAR the DOOR 
               close.



               fall like snow flakes on Cynthia's body draped across the 
               bed. The pillow on the floor beside her with the stuffing 
               blown out. She has a hole in her chest, right above her heart.





               Manny unlocks the door, enters his office.


                         Shut the door and lock it.


                         Jesus Christ!

               Manny looks toward the voice. Divinci is sitting on the floor 
               out of sight. Holding his revolver.


                         You scared the shit outa me.


                         Lock the door.

               Manny locks the door.


                         One more favor, Manny.


                         Since when did I become such a good 
                         guy?


                         I'm takin' some time off. I want a 
                         car, here tonight, and a driver. You 
                         can do that for your old friend, 
                         right?


                              
                         Yeah, I can do that. But you are a 
                         hot fuckin' potato. And drivers that 
                         don't talk, don't come cheap.


                         I got the money. Just put it together.





               An AMBULANCE races up to the EMERGENCY entrance.



               TWO PARAMEDICS push the gurney down the hall. Cynthia is 
               conscious on the gurney. Looking up at the ceiling. She is 
               fading. We HEAR --


                         -- come on, hang in there, hold on.

               CYNTHIA'S  P.O.V OF THE CEILING and FACES.

               The gurney pushes past and CAMERA PICKS UP TWO SURGEONS moving 
               out of an Operating Room. Pulling off masks and rubber gloves 
               bloody from surgery. One of them is Joe. The other surgeon 
               pats him on the back.


                         Just like riding a bike.

               Joe finally breathes a sigh of relief and manages a smile.





               pulls up in front of the office. Tinted windows.



               Manny is looking out the window.


                         Leather upholstery, moon roof, CD. 
                         What more could you ask for?

               Divinci looks out. Gun in hand. He's cleaned himself up. 
               He's now wearing a Hawaiian shirt, slacks. A traveler.


                         Better not be a set up.


                         Want me to hold your hand?


                         Just walk me to the door.



               The Lincoln idles at the curb. Divinci and Manny exit the 
               office. Divinci glances up and down the street as they move 
               toward the car. Manny opens the back door. Nobody inside.


                         I think I'll let you live.


                         You are a real prince. Now how about 
                         my money?

               Divinci hands Manny a wad of cash from his pocket, then gets 
               into the back of the car.


                         You never saw me.


                         Don't I wish that were true.

               He closes the door. The Lincoln pulls away. Manny watches it 
               move off down the street.


                         Have a nice trip.



               Driving. Divinci in the back. Can only see the DRIVER'S EYES 
               in the REAR VIEW MIRROR.


                         Head south. Get on the interstate. 
                         Don't break the speed limit.

               Divinci settles into the leather seat. Looks at the rear 
               view mirror.


                         You know, the one thing about life... 
                         you can never lose your sense of 
                         humor. Without it, you got nothin'.

               Suddenly the driver turns around, holding a 9mm and fires. 
               BLAM. BLAM. BLAM. Divinci's head snaps back as the BACK WINDOW 
               BLOWS OUT of the Lincoln.

               And now we recognize the driver. It's Clyle D. Dunner.


                         Fuckin' A.



               moves right into CAMERA. BRIGHT HEADLIGHTS filling the screen. 
               The car stops. We HEAR the DOOR OPEN and RUNNING FEET. And 
               PAN INTO THE BRIGHT HEADLIGHTS GLARING into CAMERA.





               SHINING BRIGHTLY into CAMERA.


                         -- run the cardioplegia.

               Faces appear. Looking down. We recognize Joe and one of the 
               friends from the party -- Sinclair.


                         She's fibrilating. Go on bypass.

               Faces move away as we HEAR MEDICAL MACHINES in operation. A 
               NURSE reappears. CAMERA MOVES back now, revealing the room. 
               And the operation in progress.


                         Forceps.
                              (A nurse hands him 
                              forceps)
                         Just like old times.


                         I wouldn't have done this without 
                         you... I owe you.


                         Lucky to have a donor. Never would've 
                         survived the night. Have a suture 
                         ready.


                              
                         I heard it was a cop's heart.

               Joe looks at the nurse.


                         He was shot in the head a couple 
                         hours ago.




                         They think it was gang related.

               The BRIGHT LIGHTS OVERHEAD bleed the scene to WHITE and we --





               crashing on white sand. PANNING with the clear blue water 
               racing up the sand to a woman in a bathing suit, sitting 
               alone. We PAN UP HER LEGS, past her stomach, to her CHEST 
               where we see a SCAR ABOVE HER HEART.

               We CONTINUE UP TO HER FACE NOW. It's Cynthia. Staring out at 
               the ocean. Palm trees behind her. She's beautiful. She leans 
               back, hands behind her and... She smiles. Her life has 
               changed. And we HEAR HAWAIIAN SLACK KEY GUITAR MUSIC as we --




