






                                      Written by
                         
                            Spencer Susser &amp; David Michod




                                                           July 7th, 2008

                         
          A small kid, TJ FORNEY , with a grubby worn cast on his arm,
          rides his BMX really fast down a street. He chases a tow truck
          towing a badly wrecked red Volvo.
                         
          He struggles to keep up. The truck makes a turn. TJ follows,
          turning dangerously in front of oncoming traffic.
                         
          The truck makes another turn. TJ turns with it, running straight
          into the side of a car pulling out of a driveway. He comes off
          his bike and is thrown across the hood. He picks himself up,
          stunned. The driver of the car gets out to see if he's hurt.
                         
          TJ looks down the street to see the tow truck disappearing in
          the distance. He hurries back to his bike. He jumps on and
          continues after the truck.
                         
          TJ gives chase. He gains on the truck. He can see it pull into a
          used car lot ahead - FAIR OAKS CAR CITY.
                         

                         
          TJ arrives at the car lot as the TOW TRUCK DRIVER is lowering
          the car onto the drive. TJ dumps his bike, out of breath.
                         

           This car has to go back.
                         

           Huh?
                         

           This car has to go back to where it
           came from. Put it back on the truck.
                         

           What are you talking about, kid?
                         
          The driver continues working, unhooking the car from the truck.
                         

           Stop unhooking it. There's been a
           mistake.
                         

           I was told to bring it here. That's
           what it says on my work order. Talk to
           that guy if you've got a problem.
                         
          The driver nods in the direction of LARRY TOWERS, who is
          approaching with 17 year-old DUSTIN HOWARD and another man,
          TONY, in dirty overalls.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           
           Hey, Bill.
                         
          Larry shakes the tow truck driver's hand.
                         

           This car has to go back where it came
           from.
                         

           I beg your pardon?
                         

           It was brought here by mistake.
                         
          Larry smiles at the little out-of-breath kid.
                         

           And where was it supposed to go?
                         

           It wasn't supposed to go anywhere. It
           needs to go back where it came from.
           The guy who sold it to you made a
           mistake.
                         


           What's the deal with this car again,
           Tony?
                         
          Tony flips through a stack of papers he's holding.
                         

           Ah let's see, we bought this car
           yesterday afternoon from a Paul Forney-
                         

           That's my dad. It wasn't his to sell.
                         

           Well, it's his name on the pink slip,
           son. And that means it's his to sell
           if he wants.
                         

           Yeah, but I'm just telling you it was
           a mistake, OK, so it needs to go back
           where it came from.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          The car has now been lowered off the back of the tow truck.
          Larry moves away from TJ and approaches the driver.
                         

           Thanks, Bill.

           You got that work order there?
                         
          Tony looks through his papers for the work order. TJ doesn't
          like being ignored. He moves around to the driver's side of the
          wrecked car and wrenches open the bashed-in door. He climbs
          behind the wheel, slams the door shut and locks the door.
                         

           Get out of the car, son.
                         
          TJ ignores him. Larry doesn't have time for this.
                         

           Dustin, get him outta there, will ya?
                         
          Dustin moves around to the open driver's side window.
                         

           Come on dude, get out of the car.
                         
          TJ turns the key and begins winding the window up. Dustin
          reaches in trying to unlock the door.
                         

           C'mon. Open it.
                         
          The window is rising. Dustin grabs at TJ. TJ keeps winding the
          window. It gets to the top, trapping Dustin's arm.
                         

           Ow, fuck. What the fuck you doing?
           Open it.
                         
          Dustin is stuck. Larry, Bill and Tony laugh. Dustin yells at TJ.
          TJ ignores him, staring straight ahead.
                         
          The men laugh some more. Dustin's humiliation sets in.
                         

           Put down the fuckin' window. I'm
           serious.
                         
          Larry goes around to the passenger's side broken window and
          opens the door. He leans in and easily drags TJ out of the car.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I'd get out of here kid, before he
           works himself loose.
                         
          TJ's not getting the car back. The men continue laughing at the
          trapped Dustin. TJ picks up his bike and rides away defeated.
                         

                         
          TJ sits at the kitchen table with his tiny 85 year-old GRANDMA
          and his depressed and dishevelled DAD, Paul Forney . Dad has
          a full shaggy beard and a recently healed wound on his forehead.
                         
          They eat in silence. There's tension in the air.
                         

           There's still plenty of applesauce
           boys.
                         


           I don't get why what I think doesn't
           matter.
                         

           It couldn't stay in the front of the
           house anymore, TJ. I'm not having this
           conversation again.
                         

           Yeah, why not?
                         

           It's there everyday and I have to look
           at it.
                         

           When do you look at it? When was the
           last time you got off the couch?
                         

           It's not healthy.
                         

           Neither are all the pills you're
           taking, but I don't tell you not to
           take them.
                         

           I don't wanna talk about it anymore.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I do.
                         

           I don't. And that's it.
                         
          TJ fumes. They eat in silence a bit more. TJ drops his fork and
          leaves the table, angry.
                         

           It's OK dear. He just needs time. It's
           his first day back tomorrow. Lets try
           and be patient.
                         
          Dad is a mess.
                         

           One thing at a time dear. One thing at
           a time.
                         

           Yeah, I know, mom.
                         
          Grandma nods quietly.
                         

                         
          TJ gives his mouth a once over with a toothbrush. He spits, then
          sets his toothbrush down on the edge of the sink.
                         

                         
          TJ stands holding a banana and wearing a backpack in front of
          the couch where his dad is sleeping. Dad is lying face down,
          half-covered with a sheet, his leg hanging off the side. There's
          dirty plates and pill bottles on the coffee table in what is
          otherwise an old lady's living room. Dad stirs, it's a pathetic
          sight.
                         
          TJ taps Dad's leg with his foot. Dad slowly comes to life and
          notices TJ.
                         

           Can I have some money so I can buy
           lunch today?
                         

           Yeah.
                         
          Dad sits up on the couch, he looks a total mess. Dad pick up his
          wallet from the mess of a coffee table and hands TJ a few
          dollars.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Hope you have a nice day Teej.
                         
          TJ exits, leaving Dad sitting there. Dad sets his wallet back
          down and stares blankly into the room. We hear the door slam in
          the background.
                         

                         
          TJ on his BMX pedals down the drive and out onto the street.
                         

                         
          TJ pedals in the middle of a suburban street. He steers his bike
          with his broken arm as he tries to peel and eat the banana with
          the other. He glides down a hill. It's a long hill. He travels
          fast.
                         
          Despite the glide and the wind in his hair he's slouching and
          looks depressed.
                         

                         
          TJ rides his bike through an eerily barren unfinished housing
          development - half-built houses and perfectly sealed wide
          streets.
                         
          Up ahead, he can see a small section of unfinished road - a big
          patch of dirt and rocks. He veers up a driveway to avoid it. He
          passes the dirt patch and then comes down off the curb back onto
          the road, trying to keep control of his bike. He hits the road
          and loses his balance. The handlebars twist and he crashes onto
          the road.
                         
          He jumps up and yelps in pain, clutching his elbow. He looks at
          it. It's badly grazed. He yelps again, angry. He picks up a rock
          lying in the street and charges towards an unfinished house. He
          hurls the rock through its front window. Glass crashes down.
                         
          A silent beat passes, and then the front door of the house opens
          and a late-20s, long-greasy-haired, wiry shirtless guy in filthy
          black jeans emerges. He has a baby moustache and a cracked front
          tooth. This is HESHER. He makes a determined line toward TJ.
                         

           The fuck you think you're doing!?
                         
          Before TJ can back away Hesher grabs him by the back of his T-
          shirt and drags him kicking and squealing towards the house.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          Hesher drags TJ into the unfinished front room. He slams TJ
          against an uncoated drywall. Hesher pulls a pair of garden
          shears from his back pocket and squeezes TJ's nose between the
          blades.
                         
          TJ is terrified. He squirms.
                         

           The fuck you think you're doing!?
                         

           Nothing.
                         

           You got five seconds or I'm gonna cut
           your fuckin' nose off.
                         

           I was just, I was just going to
           school. I, I didn't know anyone was
           here.
                         
          Hesher stares intimidatingly at TJ. TJ looks seriously scared.
                         

           Bullshit. You're gonna fuckin' -
                         
          Hesher is suddenly startled. His ears prick up like a rabbit. He
          hits the deck dragging TJ down with him. Their faces are close
          together. Hesher makes a very serious finger-to-mouth gesture to
          'shhhh'.
                         
          The SOUND of a car idling outside. Hesher listens.
                         
          TJ is on his stomach, freaked. TJ looks around the room - a
          duffel bag, some beer cans, a few porn magazines, a weathered
          bass guitar and a sleeping bag.
                         
          A car door closes loudly. Hesher peers through the window and
          sees a SECURITY GUARD inspecting TJ's bike in the front yard and
          then making his way toward the house.
                         
          Hesher looks at TJ with serious and considered venom.
                         

           You just fucked me.
                         
          Hesher snaps into action. With speed and precision he gathers
          his stuff together. He shoves it all his duffel bag.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Who's in there?
                         
          Hesher lights the fuse on a stick of homemade dynamite wrapped
          in duct tape and throws it through the broken window. He then
          slips out the back door, leaving TJ face down on the floor
          freaked out and confused.
                         

           What the hell-
                         
          BOOM! Dirt sprays against the house and pours in through the
          window. TJ cowers, then hears the guttural roar of a van
          starting up. He hears the van screech away.
                         

           Hey! Get back here!
                         
          TJ jumps to his feet and looks out the window. A dirty black van
          screams out onto the road and tears away, spraying dirt and
          rocks in its wake. The security guard stumbles around, covered
          in dirt and disoriented. He rushes back to his car and gives
          chase. TJ lets them get away up the street, then bolts to the
          front door.
                         

                         
          TJ darts for his bike. He picks it up and rides off quickly.
                         

                         
          Outside a public high school, kids mill around before class.
          Lots of noise.
                         
          TJ rides down a path and clocks Dustin Howard, the kid from the
          car lot, who stands talking with friends by his car - a shiny
          2007 YELLOW CONVERTIBLE MUSTANG. They spot each other. TJ
          quickly looks away  and b-lines for the bike rack.
                         

                         
          TJ opens his locker. He pulls out a clear zip-lock bag with a
          rotten apple inside. He looks at it a moment then puts it back
          in the locker.
                         
          A kid puts his hand on TJ's shoulder.
                         

           Hey, TJ. You're back. Welcome back.
                         
          Another kid comes over, eating a bagel.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Hey, Teej. Welcome back, man.
                         
          TJ nods, despondent, putting books into his backpack.
                         

           How you feeling, man?
                         


           Fine.
                         

           I came by your house a while ago, see
           if you wanted to come skateboarding or
           something, but it looked like the
           place was empty. Have you moved or
           something?
                         

           Yeah, I tried calling you a bunch of
           times, but it kept saying there was a
           new number or something.
                         

           Yeah, we moved in with my Grandma for
           a little while.
                         

           Oh OK, cool... I didn't want to call
           cause I didn't know.
           
           You want some of my bagel?
                         

           No. Thanks.
                         
          Awkward beat. TJ doesn't want to make chit-chat. People are
          already making him feel weird.
                         

           Hey, can I be the first one to sign
           your cast?
                         

           Ah, if you want I guess, but I'm
           getting it off tomorrow, so there's no
           point really.
                         

           OK, cool. Well, welcome back, man.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Yeah, welcome back, dude.
                         
          The kids steps away, feeling awkward.
                         

                         
          TJ sits in class, at the back near the window. The teacher, MRS
          ELSBERRY, a big African-American lady, is taking roll. Kids
          answer as their names are called.
                         

           Cerisola? Cimino? Cody? Cooper? Early?
           Edgerton? Fletcher?

           Forney. TJ Forney's back. Welcome
           back, TJ.
                         
          TJ gives a half hearted nod. The class turns to look at him. A
          couple whisper. TJ looks away. The teacher continues taking
          roll.
                         

           Folks? Fullwood? Greenberg? Herriman?
           Kelman?
                         

                         

           McDonald? Mohajer? Nanden? Paonessa?
           Saunders? Sumner?
                         
          TJ is in gym class, another roll call. TJ looks up.
                         
          He notices a guy high up in the bleachers smoking a cigarette
          and staring at him through long hair.
                         
          TJ looks concerned. Is this Hesher, the guy with the garden
          shears?
                         

                         
          TJ is walking down the hall. He looks over and sees Hesher who's
          wearing a Misfits "Skull" T-shirt, watching him through the
          crowd.
                         
          Suddenly TJ is grabbed and slammed against a locker. It's Dustin
          Howard and his posse. Dustin towers over him.
                         

           S'up now, punk? You don't look so
           tough now, do you?
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ attempts to walk away. Dustin pushes him against the locker.
          TJ tries to walk away again.
                         

           Leave me alone.
                         

           How about you suck my cock?
                         
          Dustin slams him again. TJ stays put.
                         

           Huh? Suck my cock.
                         
          TJ tries to walk. Dustin slams him.
                         

           Suck my cock.
                         
          TJ tries to leave again, Dustin pushes him again.
                         

           Suck my cock.
                         

           Yeah, yeah, I heard you. Suck your
           cock. Then why don't you pull it out?
                         

           What'd you say, bitch?
                         
          TJ tries to walk away. Dustin grabs him and throws him down.
                         

           Don't fuckin' talk back to me.
                         
          TJ squirms trying to free himself, kicking wildly. One of TJ's
          kicks catches Dustin. Dustin punches him. A crowd quickly
          gathers.
                         

           Fight, fight, fight...
                         

                         
          The school COUNSELLOR flips through papers in a file.
                         

           Look, TJ. I know you've been through a
           lot and it's gonna take time to
           readjust, but as you know, the school
           can't tolerate this kind of behavior.

                         




           I'm willing to give you the benefit of
           the doubt this time, but you can't be
           starting fights.
                         

           I didn't start anything. He pushed me.
                         

           What he did or didn't do isn't
           important. What's important is what
           you do, and how you react. Do you
           understand?
                         

           Not really.
                         

           Which part don't you understand?
                         

           I don't understand the part about how
           it's not important that he pushed me
           and he punched me and he kicked me and
           he told me to suck his cock and now
           I'm the bad guy sitting in the office.
                         
          The counsellor cuts him off.
                         

           Hey, hey, hey. I do not wanna hear
           that kind of language in my office.
                         

           Yeah, but I didn't -
                         

           Listen, I'm gonna cut you some slack,
           but you're gonna have to meet me
           halfway here.
                         
          TJ shakes his head. He gives up on this conversation. He looks
          out the window. Hesher is out there - smoking and watching.
                         
          TJ is suddenly unnerved.
                         

           I should really be suspending you, but
           I won't if you can promise me you'll
           put in a real effort...
           (noticing TJ looking

           Are you listening?
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Yeah, OK.
                         

                         
          It's after school. TJ walks out to his bike. It's the last one
          left on the rack. Only a couple of other kids are still on
          campus. TJ looks around. He jumps on his bike and quickly rides
          off.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the house, which is quiet except for the sounds of a
          TV. There are no lights on so it feels dark.
                         
          He walks past the TV room, the TV is on. Dad is on his back,
          fast asleep, mouth wide open. He barely seems alive, until he
          makes a small whimper. His mouth closes, he swallows, then his
          mouth drops open again.
                         
          TJ picks up the remote control from a mess of empty pill bottles
          on the coffee table and switches off the TV.
                         
          TJ walks past the kitchen and drops his backpack.
                         

                         
          TJ walks past his grandma's bedroom. The door is open. He gently
          knocks. She's sitting up in bed, reading.
                         

           Hi, pumpkin.
                         

           Hey.
                         
          TJ stands in the doorway. Grandma takes off her glasses.
                         

           How was your day?
                         

           Pretty much sucked.
                         

           Why sweetheart?
                         
          TJ thinks for a moment.
                         

           I don't know. It just sucked.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Grandma looks at TJ with an empathetic nod.
                         

           Do you want me to turn on the light
           for you?
                         

           Do I look like I'm sitting in darkness
           here?
                         

           I don't know, maybe, a little.
                         

           Maybe I need new glasses?
                         
          She holds her glasses up for closer inspection.
                         

           Actually, I don't even know if these
           are mine.
                         

           Whose are they?
                         

           Geez, I don't know.
                         

           Well, can you see better with them?
                         

           Jesus, I don't know.
                         
          Grandma holds the glasses in different positions.
                         

           You know my mother always told me that
           I'd damage my eyes if I read by poor
           light and I always think about that
           when I'm reading, but I've gotten this
           far, so why am I still worrying about
           it? Why am I even reading? There's
           something more I need to learn?
                         
          She give this a moment of thought.
                         

           I guess there's always something more
           to learn.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          She seems almost tickled by this. She slips her bookmark in her
          book and puts it on her bedside table.
                         

           Is is your dad up yet?
                         

           No. Why, has he been sleeping all day?
                         

           Well, you know, sometimes people get
           knocked off course a little when bad
           things happen. But they come good in
           the end.
                         

                         
          TJ sits at the kitchen table alone staring at a cute and happy
          bunny salt and pepper shakers. He can see in through to the TV
          room where Grandma is shaking Dad awake on the couch for dinner
          and holding a glass of milk for him.
                         
          Dad lifts himself off the couch. Grandma hands him the glass of
          milk.
                         

           Here's some milk to wet your whistle.
                         

           Thanks mom.
                         
          Dad shuffles into the kitchen and takes his seat at the table.
          Dad empties a couple of pills into his palm and downs them with
          milk. TJ forks his food around his plate.
                         

           Hey Teej.
                         

           Hey.
                         

           Take some applesauce, sweetheart.
                         

           What's the time?
                         

           It's six o'clock. Have you been
           sleeping all day?
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I just had to lay down for a bit.
                         
          Dad looks up but doesn't seem to notice TJ's bruised face.
                         

           How was school?
                         

           Fine. When are you going back to work?
                         

           That's a good question.
                         
          Dad scrapes a mouthful onto his fork, avoiding the good
          question. A moment passes. TJ stares at him.
                         

           Are you gonna answer it?
                         

           I don't know. I'm not ready yet.
                         
          Dad's eyes are lowered. He stares at his plate. TJ watches him,
          feeling powerless.
                         

           I'm not ready yet either.
                         
          They eat in silence.
                         

           TJ, would you please pass me the salt?
                         
          TJ passes the bunny salt shaker.
                         

           Did you know that when Albert Einstein
           interviewed people for a job, he would
           take them out for lunch and if they
           put salt on their food before tasting
           it, he would not give them the job.
                         
          Grandma looks up at TJ with a small grin. She sets the salt
          shaker down.
                         

           I've always liked that.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ sits on the bed in a doctor's office. The DOCTOR is cutting
          off his cast with a little buzz saw.
                         
          The doctor pulls the cast free and inspects TJ's arm. It is pale
          and skinny compared to the other.
                         

           
           Whoa, that's like an eight week old
           dirty sock. OK, so how does that feel?
           You wanna turn your wrist like this
           for me?
                         
          The doctor demonstrates. TJ imitates.
                         

           And like this.
                         
          The doctor twists his wrist in a different direction. TJ does
          the same. The doctor looks for a pen.
                         

           Any pain or discomfort?
                         

           I don't know. It feels kinda weird, I
           can't tell.
                         

           It will feel strange for a few days,
           but should start to feel normal again
           soon. Alright, lookin' good. I s'pose
           I should write you a note for school.
                         
          The doctor writes the note. While he does so he makes chit chat.
                         

           How's your Dad doing?
                         

           Not great. I don't know. You should
           probably just ask him yourself.
                         

                         
          Mrs. Elsberry drones on from the front of the class.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           If we consider that dreams serve a
           metaphoric function in narrative
           fiction, as they do in life, what
           metaphoric function would you suggest
           the dreams here are serving?
                         
          TJ sits in the back of the class, by the window.
                         
          A little pebble hits TJ's desk. It bounces onto the floor. TJ
          looks around to find where it came from - and then another one
          hits him in the head.
                         
          He looks out the window. Hesher is right outside the window. He
          takes the cap off of a large BLACK MAGIC MARKER. He holds it up
          to his nose and takes a long slow inhale. He exhales slow and
          long, staring hard at TJ.
                         
          TJ looks around confused. Hesher recaps the marker, throws it
          hard at TJ and wanders off. The marker hits TJ, then falls to
          floor near his feet. He reaches for it. Mrs. Elsberry sees this.
                         

           TJ! What are you doing? Please pass
           that forward.
                         
          TJ passes the marker forward. Mrs. Elsberry sets the marker on
          her desk.
                         

           You can collect this after class.
                         
          She continues back to the chalkboard.
                         

           OK, so for our protagonist, are these
           dreams premonitions or desires or even
           nightmares perhaps?
                         

                         
          It's after school. Kids are leaving campus. TJ wheels his bike
          across the school yard.
                         

                         
          TJ rides his bike down the street. Dustin's YELLOW MUSTANG
          appears beside him. Dustin is boiling.
                         

           You're fuckin' dead.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          We see that someone has drawn - in BIG BLACK MARKER - a crude
          picture of a body, sitting on a toilet with a big erect penis.
          The picture is drawn on the side of Dustin's Mustang door, so
          his real head lines up with the drawing. It's drawn in
          perspective so it looks like Dustin's head is attached to the
          naked defecating body to outsiders. The words 'SUCK MY COCK'
          have been scrawled beside the picture. Dustin swerves the car
          toward TJ, narrowly missing him. TJ cuts into a large super
          market parking lot, attempting to get away.
                         
          Dustin accelerates ahead of TJ and screeches to a halt in front
          of him, cutting him off, almost hitting him. TJ stumbles and
          falls off his bike. His bike lands on top of him.
                         
          Dustin jumps out of his car and starts beating TJ in the middle
          of parking lot traffic. TJ struggles just to protect himself,
          cowering on the ground and covering his head. Dustin tries to
          wrestle TJ free of the bike so as to get a clearer shot at him.
          He drags TJ by his T-shirt, ripping it off in the process.
                         
          And then a WOMAN'S VOICE -
                         

           Hey!
                         
          Dustin ignores the voice. He continues beating TJ.
                         

           Hey! Leave him alone!
                         
          Dustin ignores again.
                         

           Hey! I said stop it!
                         
          Dustin ignores one last time - a beat passes, then the woman,
          NICOLE , appears behind Dustin and jumps onto his back,
          bear hugging his face.
                         

           Leave him alone!
                         
          Dustin shakes erratically, Nicole has a tight grip on him, but
          eventually Dustin manages to throw her onto the ground.
                         

           What the fuck are you doing lady?
                         
          Nicole picks herself up off the ground and holds up her fists
          like she's ready to fight. She doesn't look very tough.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           What are you doing?!
                         
          Nicole stands defiantly between Dustin and TJ. Dustin looks
          around at the scene he's created in the street. A man steps out
          of his car. Dustin realizes it's time to go.
                         


           I'm not finished, you fuck.
                         
          He gets back into his car, slams the door and speeds off.
                         
          Nicole watches him go, then helps TJ up. TJ is shirtless,
          scrawny, dirty and traumatized.
                         

           Are you alright?
                         

           I don't know.

           Am I bleeding?
                         

           I don't think so. Am I?
                         

           I don't know.
                         
          TJ grabs his T-shirt and pulls it back on. He picks his bike up
          off the ground and hops on. He goes to peddle, but the chain is
          busted. His peddling goes nowhere.
                         

                         
          Nicole drives. TJ is in the passenger seat. TJ's bike is crammed
          in the back.
                         

           I can't believe he called me lady. Do
           I look like a lady to you?
                         

           I don't know, I guess?
                         

           Thanks. I mean do I look old? Well
           anyway, at least I can say I've been
           in a fight.
                         
          She thinks about this for a beat. TJ is silent.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I can't believe he called me lady.
                         
          TJ notices an ice-cream cone sitting in a cup-holder between the
          seats.
                         

           I think your ice cream's melting.
                         

           Oh shit.
                         
          She tries to pick it up, suddenly flustered. It drips
          everywhere. She doesn't know what to do with it. It's too melted
          to eat.
                         

           Ah, fuck it.
                         
          She throws it out the window.
                         

           Hey, so I'm kinda like a hero now,
           aren't I?
                         
          TJ looks over confused.
                         

           What?
                         

           Well actually, I basically just didn't
           want to have to go home and then spend
           the rest of the day feeling bad about
           the fact that I didn't help you and
           then hear about you on the news being
           beat to death in the parking lot. So
           you know, really I'm just - I did it
           for me. I'm just selfish.

           And I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm like
           that.
                         
          TJ is silent, he has no idea how to respond to this girl. She
          spots a gas station.
                         

           Oh, gas station.
                         
          She quickly makes an illegal turn into oncoming traffic. Cars
          honk at her.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Whoaaa... sorry, sorry.
                         

                         
          They pull up next to a gas pump.
                         

           Perfect landing.
                         
          She gets out of the car.
                         

           You like black or red?
                         

           Ah, I don't know, black?
                         

           Black? Really? Are you sure?
                         

           OK, red?
                         


                         
          Nicole walks off. TJ watches her for a beat then his eye wanders
          over the contents of her messy car. He picks up a white name tag
          from the coin tray between the seats. It reads:
                         
          RALPH'S - Hi my name is NICOLE, how can I help you?
                         
          TJ looks up and sees Nicole heading back to the car. He puts the
          name tag down as the car door opens and Nicole gets in. She
          hands him a stick of red licorice covered in green sugar.
                         

           Red it is.
                         

                         
          Nicole and TJ are driving. They eat sour licorice. TJ's not
          enjoying it, but not wanting her to know this.
                         

           It's super sour isn't it? You don't
           have to eat it if you don't like it.
                         

           It's really sour.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I know, that's the point. I used to
           hate this crazy sour stuff, I don't
           know what happened. I just recently
           acquired a taste for it. I don't even
           really know what's in it, but I pretty
           much eat it all the time. And I'm sure
           it's making me fat. I just don't want
           to end up like those fat old ladies
           you sometimes see, you know, the
           really fat ones?
                         
          TJ doesn't know what to make of her.
                         

           I don't know why I'm telling you this.
           Anyway, I was secretly hoping that you
           loved these -
                         
          Holding up the licorice, then taking a bite.
                         

           So you could eat 'em for me. But now I
           can see you don't like em' and I'm
           kinda glad cuz it means more for me. I
           guess I'm sort of a hypocrite in a
           way.
                         
          She smiles at that. TJ attempts to smile back, but he's so
          confused he ends up making a strange face. He awkwardly looks
          away.
                         

                         
          Nicole's car pulls up. TJ gets out and notices a dirty black van
          creeping slowly around the corner toward them. This makes him
          very nervous.
                         

           OK, thanks for the ride. I really
           appreciate it.
                         
          He hurries to the door.
                         

           Hey!
                         
          TJ turns.
                         

           You want your bike?
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ notices his bike still in Nicole's back seat.
                         

           Shit.
                         
          TJ rushes back. He drags it out of her car.
                         

           Thanks.
                         
          He wheels it back towards the house. TJ goes around the side of
          the house to the back door. He knocks on the back door. Grandma
          appears at the door.
                         

           Hi, TJ. What you doing around the
           back?
                         
          Grandma lets TJ in. TJ is nervous.
                         

                         

           I just, I dunno. I was just dumping my
           bike.
                         
          TJ heads for the living room.
                         


           Hey, Dad!
                         

           Your Dad's gone to the supermarket,
           honey. Everything OK?
                         

           Ah, yeah, OK.
                         
          But TJ isn't listening. He can't stop thinking about that black
          van. He exits the kitchen.
                         

                         
          TJ walks the hall carefully to the front door. He squints
          through the peephole.
                         
          The black van is parked directly in front of the house. TJ can't
          see properly through the hole.
                         
          He turns, to get a better look through the TV room window.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ turns to the living room. There is Hesher standing in the
          middle of the room with a dirty duffel bag over his shoulder.
                         
          TJ is petrified. They stand looking at each other for a long
          moment.
                         

           Where's the laundry room?
                         

           My dad'll be home soon.
                         

           Where's the laundry room?
                         

           Why?
                         

           You've got two seconds to tell me
           where the laundry room is before I
           tear your fuckin' head off and skull
           fuck you.
                         
          TJ points to a door off the lounge.
                         

           It's through there. But why? You can't
           - my dad's gonna be home soon.
                         
          Hesher stares at him for a second, then heads for the door.
                         

                         
          Hesher empties his sack into the washing machine. TJ steps into
          the room, wary. Hesher ignores him.
                         
          Hesher strips off his T-shirt and jeans and add them to the
          load. He's now standing in the laundry room wearing underwear
          only. TJ sees bad burn scars running down Hesher's thighs.
                         
          Hesher pours laundry detergent liberally into the machine.
                         

           What are you doing? You can't -
                         
          Hesher turns on a dime and grabs TJ by his throat and pins him
          against the wall.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I swear to god. I'll cut your face
           off.
                         
          He closes the lid. He wrenches the dial around and clicks
          'start'. The machine begins a loud cycle. Hesher exits. TJ
          follows awkwardly.
                         

                         
          Hesher sits in the middle of the couch and lights a cigarette.
                         

           You can't smoke in here.
                         
          Hesher drags deep and blows the smoke out in a long whistle
          straight into the air above him.
                         

           You can't smoke.
                         
          Hesher flicks his cigarette, ashing on the floor.
                         

           What are you doing? You can't smoke in
           here.
                         
          Hesher looks at him and ashes on the couch.
                         

           Will you please put it out?
                         

           Can I put it out in your mouth?
                         

           What?! Wait.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the kitchen. Grandma is crumbing chicken fillets at
          the counter. She's listening to loud talk radio. TJ goes
          straight for the cupboards and looks through them.
                         
          Grandma turns, eyebrows raised. She turns the radio down.
                         

           I'm gonna make a cake. Do you remember
           my cherry cake story?
                         
          TJ gets down on his knees and digs his way through the cupboard
          while Grandma rambles, continuing her chicken crumbing.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I used to make a cherry cake all the
           time and it always came out just
           wonderful. One time I invited my
           doctor and his wife and I wanted to
           make an impression. I asked him to
           come see your dad in a play and he
           came and I said, 'would you like to
           come back to the house?'
                         
          TJ emerges from the cupboard with a bowl. He turns toward the
          sink and begins to fill it with water.
                         

           And he said, or his wife said, 'yes
           they'd like to come back.' So earlier
           that day I made a cherry cake and I
           used a - I didn't know it till
           afterwards, I used a new product -
           instead of Crisco, I used Fluffo. They
           never made it again that Fluffo.
                         

           Grandma, can I hear the rest of your
           story later? I'm kinda busy.
                         

           Oh, of course honey.
                         

                         
          TJ enters, carrying the bowl.
                         
          Hesher is on the couch, smoking. The TV is now on. He flips
          channels.
                         
          TJ stands next to Hesher. Hesher looks at him.
                         
          The front door opens and Dad enters, wearing old sweatpants, a
          dirty T-shirt, and carrying a plastic grocery bag.
                         
          He stops when he sees the practically naked, greasy-haired guy
          smoking on the couch . It's a strange moment.
                         

           TJ, who's this?
                         
          After a long uncomfortable silence, Hesher stands and extends
          his hand.
                         

           My name's Hesher. Call me Hesher.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Paul has to rearrange the bags to shake his hand. Hesher sits
          back down.
                         


           What's he doing?
                         

           He's doing laundry.
                         
          They stand looking at each other. TJ is just plain stressed out.
                         

           Why is he smoking in the house?
                         

           I don't know.
                         
          Hesher continues flipping channels. He's not finding anything he
          wants.
                         

           Did you tell him he can't?
                         

           Yes.
                         

           How come you only have four channels?
                         
          Hesher gets up off the couch and exits the room.
                         

                         
          Hesher enters the kitchen. Grandma is still crumbing chicken.
                         
          He starts going through drawers right next to her. He doesn't
          acknowledge her.
                         
          Grandma notices him, but not seemingly his cigarette, his state
          of undress or his complete stranger-ness.
                         

           Hello there.
                         

           Hello, old lady.
                         
          His cigarette is done. He flicks it into the sink. It sizzles
          out. He opens another drawer.
                         
          Dad enters with his grocery bag.
                         
                         



                         
                         


           Can I help you with something?
                         
          Hesher shuts the drawer. He's holding a fork.
                         

           Nope, I'm good.
                         
          He exits the kitchen.
                         

                         
          Hesher strides across the back lawn in his underwear.
                         
          TJ and Dad step out the door and watch him.
                         
          Hesher reaches a telephone pole and climbs it nimbly like a
          monkey. At the top, he fiddles around with the fork, banging and
          wrenching at the cable box.
                         
          He drops the fork to the ground and begins his descent. Only a
          couple of feet from the ground, he loses his grip and falls,
          crashing down into a thick bush at the base of the pole.
                         

           Motherfucker.
                         
          TJ and Dad stand staring frozen.
                         
          Hesher lifts himself up out of the bushes, brushes himself off
          and heads back to the house.
                         
          He walks right past them and back inside.
                         

                         
          Hesher sits back down on the couch and begins to flip through
          the newly acquired channels. He finds porn and drops the remote
          down beside him. He sits back and watches girl-on-girl action.
                         
          TJ and Dad stand just inside the TV room, stunned, watching the
          newly acquired porn.
                         
          Then a LOUD BUZZ marking the end of the wash's cycle sounds from
          the laundry room.
                         
          Hesher gets up off the couch and heads for it.
                         
          A stunned and silent  moment later, TJ
          follows.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Dad picks up the remote and switches the TV off.
                         

                         
          Hesher loads his wet laundry into the dryer. TJ's nervous.
                         

           So, ah, what are you doing now?
                         
          Hesher slams the dryer door shut and wrenches the dial around.
          The dryer starts up loud. Hesher pretends he can't hear TJ.
                         

           Huh?
                         
          He turns and looks into the garage which is right off the
          laundry room. He points inside.
                         


           This your room?
                         

           
           That's the garage.
                         
          Hesher walks into the garage with his bag and slams the door
          leaving TJ standing in the laundry room with the noisy dryer.
                         

                         
          TJ sits at the dinner table with Dad and Grandma. From the
          garage we hear a muffled bass guitar playing loud and heavy.
                         

           Does your friend want to eat some
           dinner dear?
                         

           He's not hungry.
                         

           Are you sure?
                         

           Yeah, I'm sure.
                         

           What's he doing in the garage?
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I don't know. I said he could practice
           his guitar in there.
                         

           That's great honey, it's nice having a
           bit of music in the house again. Is he
           a new friend?
                         

           Yeah, sort of.
                         

           You know your grandfather played the
           harmonica for many years.
                         
          TJ doesn't respond. He eats. Dad looks on perplexed, yet
          disconnected.
                         

                         
          TJ is dressed for school, wet hair. He brushes his teeth. We can
          hear the sound of cartoons in the background. TJ stops brushing
          and listens a second. He hasn't heard cartoons at this hour in a
          long time.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the TV room. Dad is lying on the couch. Hesher sits on
          an armchair eating a bowl of cereal and watching cartoons.
                         
          TJ stands for a beat and watches them. This is strange.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the kitchen. Grandma pulls a bottle of orange juice
          out of the fridge.
                         

           Hesher, would you like a glass of
           orange juice.
                         

           Ah, yeah. Sure.
                         

           Morning, TJ.
                         

           Hi, Grandma.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ goes to the counter. He pours cereal into a bowl. He grabs
          the milk carton. He pours it into the bowl, but the carton's
          empty.
                         

           Oh, I'm sorry, honey. We're out of
           milk. I can cook you up some eggs if
           you like, dear.
                         

           No, thanks. I don't have time.
                         
          TJ leans back and looks into the TV room at Hesher enjoying his
          milky cereal.
                         

           Would you like to come for a walk with
           me today?
                         

           I can't, Grandma. I gotta go to
           school.
                         

           No, I mean later. This afternoon.
                         
          TJ grabs his backpack.
                         

           I don't know. Can you ask me when I
           get home?
                         

           OK, honey.
                         

                         
          The lunch yard is busy. The crowd clears a moment and we find TJ
          sitting on a bench in the shade, alone and depressed, hidden
          away from the other kids.
                         
          He drinks from a can of soda.
                         

                         
          TJ rides his bike into the car lot.
                         
          TJ stands staring at the crashed red Volvo (from the opening
          scene) that is parked on the lot. He takes a few deep breaths.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ walks up to an open office door and knocks. Inside is LARRY
          TOWERS. He looks up.
                         

           Yes?
                         

           I need to talk to you.
                         

           Oh, yeah? What about?
                         
          TJ enters and sits opposite.
                         

           I want to get the car back.
                         

           Yeah, I figured that. You made it
           pretty clear the last time you were
           here, and I thought I made it pretty
           clear that I couldn't give it to you.
                         

           What do I need to do to get it back?
                         

           The car's not for sale.
                         

           I want to get it back, though. How
           much do you want for it?
                         
          Larry takes a breath. He doesn't want to be having this
          conversation. He counts the obstacles out on his fingers.
                         

           I don't know. We're talking at least
           eighteen hundred dollars, not
           including taxes, registration, ADM, or
           dealer's fees. On top of that, you'd
           need a driver's license. I'm guessing
           you don't have one of those. You'd
           need valid car insurance. I'm guessing
           you don't have that either. But even
           if you did have these things, I still
           couldn't sell it to you because the
           car's not street legal. There's a
           million reasons why I can't sell it to
           you.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          For a second it seems Larry feels sympathetic toward TJ.
                         

           Look kid, I appreciate your
           enthusiasm, I really do, but I don't
           know what to tell you. You can't have
           the car. End of story.
                         
          TJ churns all this over in his head. Larry thinks he's made
          himself clear. He motions to the papers on his desk.
                         

           Do you mind if I get back to it here?
                         

                         
          TJ walks out of Larry's office, forlorn. He walks across the
          showroom, head down, mumbling angrily to himself.
                         
          He is stopped by a hand on his chest. It's Dustin.
                         

           You're lucky I'm at work right now.
                         

                         
          TJ sits on his bike staring at a Ralph's supermarket.
                         

                         
          Nicole is at the checkout, checking grocery items. She finishes
          with a customer and TJ appears next in line, with an ice cream
          cone.
                         

           Hi Sir, how are you today? Oh, hey.
                         

           Hey.
                         

           How's it goin'?
                         

           I got you a replacement ice cream.
                         
          Nicole is a little taken aback.
                         

           Oh my god. That's so sweet, thanks.
                         
          TJ smiles awkwardly. He hands her the cone.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I paid for it over there.
                         
          He points to the ice cream counter on the other side of the
          store.
                         

           Oh, OK.
                         
          She holds the cone, not quite sure what to do with it, not quite
          sure how to take this kid.
                         

           Thanks.
                         


           Sure, OK. See ya.
                         
          TJ walks away.
                         

           See ya.
                         
          Nicole watches him leave while a line of customers wait to be
          served. She smiles at the next customer, sharing the moment.
                         

           
           Hi.
                         
          She starts checking the customer's items, still holding her
          melting cone. She looks up out the door. She can see TJ outside,
          shaking his head and mumbling to himself. He feels like an
          idiot.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the house. Dad isn't on the couch. He heads for the
          kitchen. He stops abruptly in the doorway.
                         

                         
          Hesher and Grandma are at the counter. Grandma is baking an
          apple pie. Hesher is joyfully eating the apple slices she is
          preparing for the pie. They don't notice TJ.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           - and his wife said, yes they'd like
           to come back to the house.' So earlier
           that day I made a cherry cake and I
           used a new product - I didn't know it
           till afterwards- I used Fluffo. They
           never made it again that Fluffo. It
           was an imitation brand. I served the
           cake and there was silence. And then -
                         
          Grandma makes a clicking sound with her tongue on the roof of
          her mouth.
                         


           You put the cake in your mouth and it
           stuck to the roof of your mouth. They
           could hardly swallow it.
                         
          Hesher finds Grandma's story amusing, he laughs, never losing a
          beat while eating the delicious apple slices.
                         
          Grandma notices that TJ is standing in the doorway.
                         


           Hi sweetheart.
                         
          Hesher glances over, he clearly doesn't give a shit about TJ. TJ
          is not impressed with Hesher either.
                         

                         
          TJ, Grandma, Dad and Hesher all sit at the dinner table.
                         
          They eat in an awkward silence. Grandma breaks the ice.
                         

           So who's coming for a walk with me
           tomorrow morning?
                         
          Again silence. Clearly no one is jumping at this opportunity.
                         


                         

           I can't Grandma. I have school
           tomorrow.
                         

           Ok, well you're always invited.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Silence again. The sounds of chewing add to the awkwardness of
          this dinner.
                         

           So what?
                         
          Everyone turns toward Hesher. This is the first thing to come
          out of his mouth all night. He's looking at TJ.
                         

           So what school? Go on a walk with your
           Grandma.
                         
          Grandma lights up.
                         

           He's right TJ, it'd be very good for
           you to get some fresh air.
                         

           Your Grandma goes walking in the
           morning by herself? You can't get your
           ass outta bed like an hour earlier?
           She could get raped.
                         
          Dad stops chewing. TJ looks at Hesher like he's crazy.
                         

           I read about this shit all the time.
           Grandmas get raped. You ever hear
           about that guy who killed like 13 old
           ladies.
                         

           What?
                         

           Fuckin' Google it, dude. The Granny
           Killer, he killed like hella old
           ladies by strangling them with their
           dirty panties.
           
           Not all of them necessarily got
           fucked, but they all got penetrated by
           like the dude's fingers and I don't
           know, other shit too.
                         

           That's enough.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         


           I just think your Grandma asks you to
           go on a walk, you should go with her
           so she doesn't get raped.
                         

           Why would anyone rape me?
                         

           I don't know, they do it, Grandma.
           There's some sick fucks out there.
                         

           That's enough.
                         
          Everyone continues to eat in silence. TJ stares at Hesher who is
          shovelling food into his mouth.
                         

                         
          TJ sits alone in the busy yard, nibbling halfheartedly on
          crackers from his lunch bag.
                         
          Kid 1 from the locker scene earlier appears beside him.
                         

           Hey, Teej. What are you doing? Come
           sit with us, we're in our spot.
                         

           What? Uh, Ok.
                         
          TJ gets up reluctantly, then notices Hesher walking across the
          yard towards the bathroom followed by an EMO KID with a
          skateboard.
                         

           I'll meet you there in a second.
                         
          TJ walks off, following Hesher. Kid 1 watches TJ walk off toward
          the bathroom.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the bathroom. He hears voices coming from a back
          stall. He walks towards them.
                         
          In the end stall TJ finds Hesher finishing a drug deal with the
          Emo kid. Hesher hands him a bag of pot. The kid hands him money.
          TJ stands and watches. The kid leaves.
                         
                         
                         



                         
          Hesher shoves the money in his pocket, ignoring TJ. He unzips
          his fly and turns to urinate in the bowl.
                         

           What are you doing here?
                         

           Pissing.
                         

           What are you doing at my school?
                         

           I'm putting out a fire.
                         
          TJ notices that he isn't actually urinating in the bowl. He's
          spraying his pee all over the seat and the lid and the wall and
          the floor. He finishes and zips up. He turns and shoves past TJ.
                         
          Hesher looks at his hair in the mirror, then exits. TJ watches
          him leave, frustrated. He follows him out.
                         

                         
          TJ sees Hesher disappear through the crowd. From behind, TJ is
          grabbed and dragged back into the bathroom.
                         

                         
          TJ is swung by his backpack across the bathroom. His backpack
          gets ripped off him and he goes down, sliding across the pissy
          floor. He looks up. It's Dustin, seriously angry. TJ leaps up
          and shoves Dustin back. Dustin stumbles backwards and trips over
          TJ's bag in the middle of the bathroom floor.
                         
          Dustin falls and lands on his ass. He flounders embarrassingly.
          TJ knows he's a dead man.
                         
          Dustin jumps up and grabs TJ by the back of his head. He shoves
          TJ's face down onto the filthy urinal tray. TJ struggles.
                         

           You fucked my car, you little prick.
                         
          Dustin holds TJ's head down in the tray. He shoves his face into
          the little yellow urinal deodorizer cake.
                         

           Eat the cake.
                         
          TJ goes to lift himself up. Dustin punches him and then stands,
          putting his foot on TJ's neck, jamming TJ's head into the tray.
          He pushes the flusher. The urinal flushes all over TJ's face.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Fuckin' eat it.
                         
          Hesher comes back into the bathroom. Dustin turns and looks at
          him, sensing danger. TJ looks up from the bathroom floor, eyes
          pleading for help. Hesher walks calmly towards TJ and Dustin.
          But instead of saving TJ, he walks straight past them and into
          the stall where he just completed his drug deal.
                         
          He grabs his cigarette lighter from the top of toilet tank. He
          lights a cigarette, takes a long drag, blows the smoke in the
          air and walks back out again. Dustin watches him go. He puts
          another boot into TJ.
                         

           It's your birthday. Eat your fuckin'
           cake.
                         

                         
          TJ waits with his bike in the street outside the school. He's
          beat up, wet and dirty. School's out. Most kids have already
          left. Dad pulls up in Grandma's maroon Buick. He gets out and
          opens the back door for TJ's bike.
                         

           You ready?
                         

           I don't wanna go.
                         

           It'll be good for us, Teej. C'mon.
           We'll be late.
                         
          Dad takes TJ's bike and starts trying to fit it in the backseat.
                         

           I really don't want to go.
                         

           I don't think anyone ever 'wants to
           go' to these things. It's supposed to
           be good for us. That's the whole
           point.
                         
          TJ stands watching his Dad struggle with the bike.
                         

           C'mon. Give me a hand here.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ and Dad sit on beanbags set out in a circle of about 12.
          Eight of these beanbags have people sitting on them - adults and
          a few kids. Some drink tea and coffee from little styrofoam
          cups. The tone is sombre. Dad and TJ look unsure of themselves.
          The chairperson of the meeting is MERYL, a 42 year-old grief
          counsellor.
                         

           OK, so welcome everyone to the
           Transformational Grief Group. My name
           is Meryl. We should start off by going
           around the circle and introducing
           ourselves and briefly explaining why
           we are here. Hi Miss, would you please
           start us off?
                         
          A heavy set woman, COLEEN, and her husband, JACK, sit on
          beanbags looking pale and sad.
                         

           We are the Bolder family. I am Coleen
           and this is my husband Jack. Our
           daughter Cynthia was murdered last
           year.
           
           She was the victim of a violent attack
           that was unfair and sick.
                         
          She can't go on. Her husband Jack sets his hand on her shoulder.
          She is able to hold back the tears.
                         

           We are here because we need help. We
           lost our baby and we are broken.
                         

           Hi, my name is Jack. As my wife said,
           we're here hoping for some answers and
           just some help with the pain.
                         

           Thank you, Coleen and Jack. Welcome.
                         
          Weird silence.
                         

           
           Sir.
                         
          Dad shuffles in his seat, looks around the group.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Ah, OK. Sure. My name is Paul Forney.
           This is my son, TJ. We're here today
           because we lost my wife, TJ's mother,
           a bit more than two months ago now.
           And ah, I don't know, we're still
           trying to come to terms with things
           and, you know, just find some guidance
           of some kind, I guess, and, ah, yeah,
           so...
                         
          Dad finishes mid-sentence, then brief silence.
                         

           OK, great. Welcome, Paul. TJ? Would
           you like to introduce yourself, say a
           few words to the group?
                         

           Not really.
                         
          Meryl waits to see if TJ has anything more to add. He doesn't.
                         

           OK. That's OK.
           
           Nicholas, would you like to introduce
           yourself to the group?
                         

                         
          Dad and TJ pull into the driveway of the Forney house. Hesher's
          van is parked haphazardly on the lawn. TJ looks at it with venom
          - a reminder of the afternoon.
                         

                         
          TJ bursts through the front door.
                         
          He walks through the TV room to the laundry room. He rips open
          the door to the garage and flicks on the light. It's empty
          except for a little pile of Hesher's stuff.
                         
          He walks back through the living room as Dad walks in through
          the front door, closing it behind him.
                         
          TJ heads to the kitchen.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the kitchen. Grandma is baking.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Hi, honey. How was your special group?
                         

           Fine.
                         
          TJ exits the kitchen. He walks the hall to the bathroom. He
          turns the handle and enters.
                         

                         
          Hesher is having a bubble bath, smoking a cigarette, totally
          calm. TJ immediately lets rip.
                         

           Fuck you!
                         

           Fuck you.
                         

           Fuck you. You let that fuck stick my
           head in a toilet and you don't do
           anything about it? You stand there and
           fucking watch him do it?
                         
          Hesher ignores TJ. He watches him closely. He calmly takes a
          drag of his cigarette and ashes into the bath.
                         

           You stay in my grandma's house? You're
           taking a bath in my fucking grandma's
           bath?
                         
          Hesher flicks his butt in the bath and pulls the plug. He stays
          reclined as the water starts gurgling down the drain.
                         
          Hesher stands. He's totally naked. He doesn't care. TJ waits for
          him to say something. Anything.
                         
          Hesher steps out of the bath, dripping wet, naked.
                         

           Say something!
                         
          TJ shoves him. Hesher, in a flash, grabs TJ by throat and slams
          him against the wall. He holds him there for a second, staring
          at him intensely.
                         


           Listen to me.

                         




           I'm gonna put some clothes on, then
           you're gonna meet me in my van.
                         
          Hesher lets go of TJ and walks out of the bathroom naked.
                         

                         
          TJ and Hesher drive through the dark streets of Fair Oaks.
          Hesher finishes a cigarette. Wind blows in his hair. The van
          rattles. The Sex Pistol's 'Anarchy in the UK' is blasting. TJ is
          still angry.
                         

           Where are we going?
                         
          Hesher ignores him.
                         

           Where are we going?
                         
          After a beat, TJ turns the music down.
                         

           Touch my stereo again, I'll seriously
           fucking hurt you.
                         
          Hesher turns the music back up. TJ is confused.
                         
          Hesher drives into a gas station and pulls on the handbrake. He
          lights another cigarette.
                         

                         

           What are we doing?
                         
          Hesher gets out of the van and slams the door shut. He goes
          around the back of the van and opens the back doors. He pulls
          something out and shuts the doors again.
                         
          Through the side-view mirror, TJ can see Hesher filling up a big
          beat-up plastic gas container. He continues to smoke.
                         

                         
          Hesher brings the van to a quiet halt across the street from a
          suburban house. He kills the engine and surveys the area.
                         
          TJ has no idea where they are.
                         

           What are we -
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ catches himself asking questions, but stops himself mid-
          sentence. He looks out the window and across the street and sees
          Dustin Howard's YELLOW MUSTANG parked in the drive.
                         


           What are you doing?
                         
          Hesher smiles to himself - he's looking forward to this. He
          opens the van door and climbs out. TJ is in a quiet panic.
                         

                         
          Hesher opens the van's back doors and grabs the container of
          gasoline. TJ appears beside him, still panicked.
                         

           Hey, seriously. What are you doing?
                         
          Hesher makes his way across the street toward the house and the
          yellow Mustang.
                         
          He pours gasoline all over the car. He does this with confidence
          - he's clearly had some practice.
                         

           
           Come on. This is insane. Let's get out
           of here.
                         
          Hesher ignores him and continues dousing the car with gas.
                         
          The porch light comes on. Someone peels open the front window
          curtains and looks out. TJ and Hesher drop to the ground behind
          the Mustang. TJ is terrified. He looks over to Hesher who is
          smiling, in his element, this is the happiest we have seen him.
                         
          The curtains close but the porch light stays on. Unfazed, Hesher
          hops back up and empties the gas can onto the Mustang.
                         
          Hesher stands a moment, admiring the car, saying a silent
          goodbye to it perhaps, as he pulls a single bent cigarette from
          his pocket.
                         
          He straightens it, then lights it with a match.
                         


           C'mon, man. Let's just go.
                         
          Hesher takes one long drag on the cigarette, then calmly flicks
          the still lit match onto the Mustang.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Instantly, it erupts in flames.
                         
          Hesher picks up the gas can and walks calmly back to the van. TJ
          follows still franticly looking back at the car and the house.
                         
          Hesher gets in the van and throws the gas can into the back.
                         
          TJ goes to the passenger door.
                         
          It's locked. He wrestles the handle, panicking.
                         

           Open the door! It's locked!
                         
          Hesher starts the van and pulls away, leaving TJ stranded in the
          street.
                         
          The front door of the house opens and a woman appears on the
          porch. Discovering the car in flames, she screams.
                         
          TJ takes off, running across the street and through a neighbor's
          yard, down the side of the neighbor's house, with the woman on
          the porch screaming at him.
                         

           Hey, get back here!
                         

                         
          TJ runs. He jumps fences and slips down the sides of houses.
          He's running fast and breathing hard.
                         
          He finds his way out onto another dark and quiet street.
                         
          He stops. He has no idea where he is or where to go.
                         
          Then - HEADLIGHTS appear at the end of the street. They bear
          down on him slowly. TJ stands immobile. He can now see it is
          Hesher's van, approaching slow and menacing.
                         
          The van stops about 10 feet from TJ. A moment's stand off.
                         
          Then Hesher sticks his head out the window.
                         

           Get in.
                         

           You fucking ditched me.
                         

           Get in the van, dude.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ doesn't move. He stares. Hesher REVS the engine.
                         
          Hesher revs the engine some more. TJ still doesn't move.
                         
          Hesher FLOORS THE VAN.
                         
          ON TJ - the headlights of the van bear down on him.
                         
          Hesher slams on the brakes and the van screeches to a halt
          inches from TJ's nose. TJ doesn't flinch.
                         
          He and Hesher stare at each other through the windshield.
                         
          Hesher smiles. He's impressed.
                         
          TJ walks around to the passenger door.
                         

                         
          TJ climbs in the passenger seat of the van. He's surly.
                         

           What the fuck's wrong with you?!
                         

           What?
                         

           What's wrong with you?
                         

           What's the problem? That's the guy who
           put you in the toilet.
                         

           Yeah, but -
                         
          Hesher suddenly freezes, looks round, motions for TJ to 'shhh'.
                         


           Something's coming.
                         
          TJ looks around everywhere. What's coming?
                         
          Then Hesher lets out a FART. He laughs. He puts the van in gear
          and drives. He cranks up the music.
                         
          TJ stares at Hesher for a moment, then looks straight ahead
          shaking his head.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ wakes in bed, still shell-shocked from the previous night. He
          sits up and rubs his eyes.
                         

                         
          TJ stands at the sink and begins to brush his teeth.
                         
          He hears the DOORBELL RING.
                         
          He hears muffled voices outside.
                         

                         
          TJ exits the bathroom, still brushing and walks the hall toward
          the voices. Hesher is standing shirtless in the front doorway
          eating a banana, blocking the view to outside.
                         
          As TJ nears the front door, Hesher turns and moves away to
          reveal Grandma talking to two uniformed police officers.
                         

           It's for you.
                         
          Hesher disappears back into the house, smiling at TJ as he
          passes.
                         

           Are you Thomas Forney?
                         

           
           Yeah.
                         

           We'd like to ask you some questions.
                         

           What about?
                         

           We'd like you to come down to the
           station with us.
                         

           What for?
                         

           What's going on?
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ turns. His Dad is now sitting up on the couch, blinking in
          the light. He's in his boxers. His hair's a mess. He's dopey.
          He's just woken up.
                         
          Hesher emerges from the kitchen, heading back to the garage,
          carrying a glass of orange juice.
                         


           Cops.
                         

                         
          TJ's MUG-SHOT is taken.
                         
          TJ's FINGERPRINTS are taken.
                         
          TJ and his Dad sit in an interview room. Dad looks confused,
          dopey and dishevelled. A uniformed police officer enters with a
          file. He shuts the door and sits.
                         

           OK, so we're gonna have to let you go
           now. We may very well be calling on
           you again very soon, but in the
           meantime, let this be a warning to
           you. Regardless of what evidence we do
           or don't find, you've come to our
           attention today. Our attention isn't
           good.
                         

           But I didn't do anything.
                         

           You hearing me here? These are very
           serious crimes we've been presented
           with. Let's just say someone had been
           in that car, and they'd burned - to
           death. We'd be talking about
           manslaughter, possibly murder. Have
           you thought about that? You'd be
           sitting here with detectives from
           Homicide right now. These are felony
           offences we're talking about, son.
           Serious jail-time offences.
                         
          TJ nods, his dad looks on.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ's in the passenger seat. His dad drives. They sit in silence
          for a little while. Then dad speaks-
                         

           Did you do it?
                         
          TJ pauses before answering.
                         

           Not really.
                         

           Not really?
                         

           I didn't do it.
                         

           What does `not really' mean?
                         
          TJ ignores him, stares out the car window.
                         

           Tell me what `not really' means.
                         

           It means I didn't do it.
                         

           No, it doesn't. Why would you say 'not
           really'?
                         

           I didn't.
                         

           You did. I heard you.
                         

           I said I didn't do it.
                         

           Yeah, before that. I asked if you did
           it. You said `not really'.
                         

           I can't remember what I said.
                         

           Why would you do something like that?
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Dad pulls the car into the driveway and comes to an abrupt stop.
          Hesher is sitting in a lawn chair in the middle of the driveway,
          sunbathing with his shirt off, drinking beer. He has a farmer's
          tan.
                         
          TJ jumps out. Dad stares at Hesher from inside the car.
                         

           Howdy.
                         
          TJ walks past Hesher without looking at him.
                         

                         
          TJ enters and slams his door shut. TJ sits on his bed. Hesher
          enters without warning.
                         

           So what'd the pigs want?
                         

           What the fuck do you think!?
                         

           Did they give you a cavity search?
                         

           What?
                         

           Did any of the cops put their fingers
           in your butthole?
                         

           Just fuck off, OK.
                         

           What'd they do?
                         

           They took my fucking finger prints!
                         

           So what?
                         

           So what!? I can get into serious
           trouble.
                         

           Oh, is that right?
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Yeah, that's right! They don't take
           this shit lightly.
                         

           Oh, they don't?
                         

           People could have been hurt! If
           someone was killed it would have been
           considered murder.
                         
          Hesher feigns concern.
                         

           Really? Murder?

           That's badass shit.
                         

           Please just leave me alone.
                         

           OK, but first show me your best
           impression of a dumpling.
                         

           What?
                         

           You know, a dumpling, the Chinese
           little thingies you eat -
                         
          Hesher holds up his thumb and index finger to show the size of a
          dumpling. TJ shakes his head, he's not finding this funny.
                         

           Come on, like this -
                         
          Hesher constricts all the muscles on his face imitating a
          dumpling, he looks ridiculous. TJ tries to hold back a smile,
          but Hesher looks so absurd he can't.
                         

           OK, your turn.
                         
          TJ shakes his head, fighting a smile.
                         

           No.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         


                         
          And Hesher is gone in a flash.
                         

                         
          TJ is hiding, peering down an aisle, watching Nicole working at
          the check out scanning groceries. A can falls from one of the
          shelves just in front of him. It startles him. And then another
          one falls. He steps along the shelf to where the cans fell. He
          looks through to the next aisle. Nothing. Then a voice from
          behind him.
                         

           Do you think she is totally bald or do
           you think she's more of a landing
           strip kind of chick or more of a 70's
           jungle bitch.
                         
          TJ is startled. Hesher stands behind him, also watching Nicole.
                         

           What are doing here?
                         

           You're stalking that chick, dude.
                         

           No, I'm not.
                         

           Yeah, you are. I've been stalking you
           for half an hour. You gonna try to
           fuck her?
                         

           What? No.
                         

           Can't fuck her from here, dude. Gotta
           be way closer.
                         

           Shut up about it.
                         

           You wanna poke her clam?
                         

           Shut up.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ is freaked and embarrassed. He walks away down the aisle.
          Hesher follows.
                         

           You wanna poke her clam or what?
                         

           Please stop saying that.
                         
          TJ walks ahead fast. He wants out of this conversation.
                         
          Nicole finishes up, turns her light off and hangs a 'Check Stand
          Closed' sign. She walks off toward the back of the store. TJ
          stops to be sure to avoid her.
                         

           You want to poke her clam, dude.
           Nothing wrong with that. Don't be
           ashamed about it. Humans have been
           poking vagina for hundreds of years.
           Longer even.
                         
          Hesher says this a little too loud. Nearby shoppers look over.
          TJ shakes his head, then exits the store. Hesher follows.
                         

           Bro, there's nothing wrong with
           wanting a little pussy.
                         

                         
          TJ unlocks his bike from a pole.
                         

           Where you going?
                         

           Home.
                         

           I'll give you a ride.
                         

           No thanks.
                         

           OK, but if you come with me it'll take
           5 minutes and if you ride it will take
           you about 15.
                         
          TJ gets onto his bike.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Come on dude, don't be silly, let's
           just car pool.
                         
          TJ clearly doesn't want to ride his bike home, but his is
          reluctant to go with Hesher.
                         

           Fine, just don't talk to me.
                         

           I won't say shit.
                         

                         
          TJ and Hesher load TJ's bike into the back of Hesher's van.
          Hesher closes the back doors and they get in.
                         

                         

           Look dude, I'm really sorry about the
           fire the other night -
                         
          He waits a beat for TJ to respond. TJ is still mad, he says
          nothing.
                         

           That was totally out of control.
           Foolish and irresponsible actually.
                         
          TJ looks at Hesher, doubting his sincerity.
                         

           I want you to have this -
                         
          Hesher reaches into the back of the van and picks up a dirty
          magazine. He flips through some pages and shows TJ a photo.
                         
          TJ pushes the magazine away, disgusted.
                         

           Get that away from me.
                         

           Dude are you gay? I can't work you
           out.
                         
          Hesher spots Nicole getting into her car. He drops the magazine
          on TJ's lap and fires up the engine.
                         
          TJ spots Nicole.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Hey, what are you doing?
                         
          Hesher puts the car in gear and begins to follow Nicole's car
          out of the parking lot.
                         

           Stop the car, I want to get out.
                         

           Shush.
                         
          TJ opens the door. Hesher grabs his arm.
                         

           You get out of this van, I'll rip your
           dick off and fuck her for you.
                         
          Hesher means business. TJ is silent and back on edge.
                         
          Nicole drives through the parking lot. Hesher follows her out of
          the lot and into the street.
                         

                         
          Hesher bobs his head in time with a heavy metal track that
          blasts from the stereo.
                         
          TJ is ignoring Hesher, looking straight ahead at Nicole's car.
          Nicole stops at a red light behind another car. Hesher pulls up
          behind her and starts playing air drums to the track.
                         
          The light turns green. Nicole hits the gas, running straight
          into the back of the car in front which hadn't started moving
          yet.
                         

           Whoops.
                         
          TJ's first impulse is to duck. Hesher watches the road. We hear
          the sounds of an angry DRIVER yelling at Nicole.
                         
          Through the windscreen we see the guy get out of his car,
          yelling at Nicole.
                         

                         
          Nicole is flustered and begins to cry. The driver is inspecting
          the smashed rear end of his car.
                         

           I'm sorry. I didn't -
                         
                         



                         
                         

           You just messed up the back of my car
           you stupid idiot. You need to pay
           attention when you're driving a
           fucking car -
                         

           I think I can help here.
                         
          Hesher is out of the van approaching on foot, smoking.
                         

           I saw the whole thing. The chick here
           was stopped and you reversed right
           into her.
                         

           What?
                         

           I don't know what your fucking problem
           is, dude. Why would you just reverse
           into her? That's fuckin' retarded.
                         

           What are you talking about?
                         

                         
          TJ lifts himself up again to see what's going on. He sits low,
          concealing himself, and watches the altercation in the street.
                         

                         
          Hesher and the driver face off. The driver is simultaneously
          bewildered and angry.
                         

           Are you out of your mind?
                         

           You better start making like you're
           gonna pay her for the damage.
                         

           I didn't back into her. I don't know
           what you're talking about.
                         
          Hesher rips his shirt off, aggressively.
                         

           You calling me a fucking liar, dude!?
                         
                         



                         
                         
          The guy immediately begins backing down.
                         

           No, I, I, I'm just saying I don't know
           what's going on here.
                         

           You're calling me a fucking liar is
           what's going on here.
                         
          Hesher pushes the guy hard.
                         

           Let's go.
                         

           Look, I don't want any trouble, sir.
                         

           Fight me cocksucker!
                         
          Hesher is seriously amping up the street agro. The guy doesn't
          know what to do. He starts heading back to his car.
                         

           This is ridiculous -
                         

           Come back here and find out how
           ridiculous it is!
                         
          The guy gets in his car and speeds away, leaving Hesher
           and Nicole in the street. Hesher stubs his
          cigarette, now totally relaxed again.
                         

           OK. See you later.
                         
          Hesher heads back to the van. Nicole watches him not exactly
          sure what to say. Hesher climbs back into his van.
                         

                         
          Hesher slams the van door. TJ is slouched way down in his chair
          out of sight.
                         
          Hesher gets in and looks ahead. Nicole's car sputters and steam
          pours from under the hood.
                         

           Come on man, let's just go.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Your sexy girlfriend's in trouble.
           We're not going anywhere.
                         
          Hesher gets out. TJ ducks. He can't see what's going on. Long
          seconds pass. And then his door opens.
                         
          Hesher is standing there next to Nicole.
                         

           You know, TJ?
                         
          This is now beyond embarrassing for TJ. He can't even think
          straight.
                         

           Hey.
                         

                         
          TJ and Hesher push Nicole's car off to the side of the road.
                         

                         
          Hesher drives. Nicole's in the passenger seat shaken by the turn
          her day has taken. TJ is in the back.
                         

           Sometimes, you know, a day is bad and
           then when you think it couldn't get
           any worse you suddenly discover whole
           new ways it can get worse.
                         
          Hesher reaches over her and pulls a joint from the glove
          compartment. He lights the joint and takes a big toke. He offers
          it to Nicole.
                         

           No, thanks.
                         
          Hesher shrugs and takes another big toke then offers it to TJ
          who also declines.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           This one time I had like four hella
           drunk chicks in the back of the van,
           and we were going for it and I had one
           hand on this one girl's tit and my
           other hand on this other chick's twat,
           but there was like still two other
           girls wanting to get off so like I had
           my foot rubbing on one girl's asshole
           while I'm trying to eat the other girl
           out, and I was going crazy man. It was
           too much. I couldn't work out which
           chick was which and I'm making one
           girl cum but then I'm forgetting about
           the others and my tongue's hurting and
           my fingers are getting tired and like
           eventually I was just like 'Fuck this.
           This is too much' and I just stepped
           back. I just stepped back. And before
           you know it these girls are all
           working on each other, you know.
           They're all fingering each other and
           eating each other out, you know, and I
           jerk myself off and everyone's a
           winner, you know?
                         
          Nicole looks at Hesher like he's crazy. TJ is in the back - he
          can't believe what's coming out of Hesher's mouth. A moment
          passes.
                         

           Was that some kind of perverted
           metaphor for me? About how I should
           just step back and let things work
           themselves out?
                         

           A what?
                         
          He reaches for the stereo and cranks the knob - Metallica's,
          'Motorbreath' BLASTS through the speakers.
                         
          As if he were possessed by the music, Hesher veers dangerously
          off the road onto a dirt patch. He has a crazed look in his
          eyes. TJ and Nicole grab onto anything they can hold onto.
                         
          Hesher turns the wheel hard and floors the gas. The van spins in
          circles spraying dirt in every direction. TJ gets thrown from
          the back seat onto the ground. Dirt pours into the windows and
          covers them from head to toe. Hesher corrects the wheel and
          veers back onto the road again.
                         
                         
                         



                         
          He turns the knob on the radio to an easy listening station.
          UB40's 'Red Red Wine' plays. A car honks as an angry driver
          passes.
                         

           What the hell was that?
                         
          Hesher looks over at Nicole.
                         

           I saw a mouse.
                         

           What?
                         
          TJ picks himself up off the van's floor, dusting himself off.
                         


           Are you OK?
                         

           I have dirt in my mouth.
                         
          TJ scrapes his tongue with his fingers. Nicole breaks a little
          smile.
                         

                         
          The black van pulls up curb-side outside a neat suburban home.
          Hesher gets out and walks, covered in dirt, to the front door of
          the house. He looks in through the window, knocks, waits. An old
          man opens the door. They exchange a few words. Hesher heads back
          to the van and they drive off. Nicole and TJ seem confused.
                         

           Who's that guy?
                         
          Hesher says nothing. They drive three houses down the street and
          stop again. Hesher gets out. Again he peers in the window,
          knocks on the door. This time no answer. He heads back to the
          van. Nicole and TJ watch him approach from inside. He sticks his
          head in.
                         

           We're here. Come on, let's go.
                         

           We're where?
                         

           My uncle's house.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Hesher walks off toward the side gate of the house. Nicole and
          TJ climb out of the van and follow Hesher. Nicole seems
          cautious. TJ knows he's on an adventure.
                         
          Hesher jumps the SIDE GATE, then opens it for the others.
                         

           What was that back there?
                         

           What was what?
                         

           That other house?
                         

           Wrong house.
                         

                         
          In the backyard is a swimming pool.
                         
          Nicole and TJ stand looking in the pool. It's a nice pool with a
          diving board.
                         
          Hesher walks up behind them and pushes them in.
                         
          Nicole comes up for air.
                         

           What the fuck!?
                         

           What? You're dirty.
                         

           Yeah, and now I'm wet.
                         
          Hesher smiles wide.
                         

           You're dirty and wet. I'm coming in...
                         
          He throws his T-shirt off and does a huge bomb into the pool.
                         

           Now I'm dirty and wet too.
                         
          He splashes water at her. He dives under the water. Suddenly TJ
          is pulled under. Nicole can't see them under all the motion.
          Then TJ and Hesher come bursting up for air.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Cut it out.
                         

           R2! Shut down all the fucken' trash
           compactors on the detention level!
                         
          Hesher dives under the water again. Nicole squirms. Hesher has
          her leg. He doesn't drag her under. He just tugs her leg. She
          slaps at the water. He tugs her leg again. Pretty soon she's
          laughing. Hesher's head appears above water momentarily.
                         

           ...All the fucking trash compactors...
           
           ...on the detention level!...
                         
          He dives again. He pulls her leg. She laughs hard. TJ watches
          feeling a little left out. Hesher jumps up and climbs out of the
          pool. He goes to a garden table nearby.
                         

           Oh, shit. More trash coming in!
                         
          He heaves the table over and into the pool. He grabs a banana
          lounge.
                         

           Oh shit!
                         
          He throws it in the pool. Nicole and TJ have to dive out of the
          way. They go to the sides of the pool and climb out laughing,
          while Hesher continues heaving garden furniture, a barbecue and
          anything else in reach into the water.
                         
          TJ and Nicole sit on the edge of the pool with their legs
          dangling in the water. They're fully clothed and soaking wet.
                         
          He walks off, around the side of the house, looking for more
          things to break.
                         
          There is an awkward silent moment between TJ and Nicole. TJ
          looks down and notices a small army of ants marching along the
          side of the pool. He manages to get one to crawl onto the his
          finger.
                         

           So, how do you know this guy?
                         

           I don't know, he's sort of moved into
           my grandma's house with us.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           What, like he's renting a room or
           something?
                         

           No, not really, I don't know, it's
           kinda a long story.
                         
          TJ flicks the ant off of his finger, then another one that's
          climbing up his arm.
                         

           Do you realize that the equivalent to
           you flicking that ant would be like
           one of us getting hit in the face by a
           giant wrecking ball at 100 miles an
           hour and getting thrown into the next
           yard?
                         
          TJ stops mid ant flicking.
                         

           Sorry, I...
                         

           Do you think the other ants are gonna
           wonder where that ant's gone? Do you
           think their gonna miss her?
                         
          TJ doesn't know how to answer.
                         
          Hesher reappears with a container of lighter fluid and goes to
          the diving board. He climbs on and squirts the lighter fluid
          through his lighter, sending streams of flames into the pool.
                         
          Hesher douses the diving board with lighter fluid and ignites it
          with his lighter. The diving board erupts into flames.
                         

           Jesus Christ.
                         


           Jump in the fi-re.
                         
          Hesher takes a few steps back then runs toward the board. He
          springs through the flames into the air. He does a messy
          sideways flip.
                         


                         
                         
                         



                         
          He lands in the pool splashing TJ and Nicole. He pulls himself
          out and shakes his hair around like a wet dog. He looks over at
          the flaming diving board.
                         

           Shit, look at that.
                         
          Hesher grabs his shirt on his way toward the fence. He doesn't
          look back.
                         

           I got a doctor's appointment.
                         

           What?
                         
          Hesher hops over the fence.
                         


           It burns when I urinate...
                         
          Hesher disappears over the fence. We hear his van start and peel
          away.
                         
          The flaming diving board pours black toxic smoke into the sky as
          it crumbles into the pool.
                         

           Did he just leave us? I think we
           should get out of here.
                         
          Nicole stands and heads for the gate, TJ tags behind. They jump
          the side fence and head out into the street, dripping wet.
                         

                         
          TJ &amp; Nicole walk over the crest of a small hill on a tree-lined
          street eating ice-cream cones. They walk in the middle of the
          road, still damp. The sun is setting. The light is magical.
                         

           My shoes are so squishy.
                         
          TJ steps hard, squirting water out the sides of his wet shoes.
          Nicole smiles.
                         

           So, what's his name?
                         

           Hesher.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Hesher?... Is that a name?
                         

           I don't know. I guess?
                         

           Does he have a last name?
                         

           I don't know.
                         

           How old is he?
                         

           I don't know.
                         

           Do you know anything about him?
                         

           Not really.
                         
          Beat.
                         

           That was so lucky you guys were behind
           me when that guy got all mad about his
           car. I was freaking out. I don't
           really have any insurance right now. I
           just can't afford it. There's no way I
           could afford to fix that guy's car.
           How do people do this stuff? I mean, I
           have a job. It's kind of a joke
           though. I've been there for like a
           year and I'm still only doing like
           five hours a week. Why aren't they
           giving me any more hours? Do you think
           it's because they think I suck? Did
           you think I sucked when I served you
           at the checkout?
                         


           No?
                         

           I don't even get paid enough to really
           cover my rent. I'm gonna have to start
           selling shit pretty soon.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ licks his ice cream, then reaches into his pocket.
                         

           Here, I got two bucks.
                         

           The sad thing is I could actually use
           it.
                         

                         
          A parking ticket sits under the wiper on Nicole's windshield. TJ
          and Nicole approach the car, smiling - and then Nicole sees the
          ticket. Her face sinks immediately.
                         

           Oh, no. Please tell me that's not a
           ticket...
                         
          She runs the last few steps to the car and rips the ticket from
          under the wiper. She reads it quick.
                         

           Fuck, fuck, fuck it.
                         
          She paces a couple of angry circles and then kicks the car's
          tire. It hurts her foot. She yelps.
                         

           Ah, shit. Fuck it.
                         
          In a small frenzy, she pulls her keys from her pocket and opens
          the car door. She gets in and slams the door behind her. She
          sits behind the wheel and yells, frustrated.
                         
          TJ stands in the street, uncomfortable, not knowing what to do.
          He goes to the car and gets in beside her. He sits, still not
          knowing what to say. She tries to settle herself, but she's
          still very emotional.
                         

           What have I done to deserve this chain
           reaction of shit all the time?
           Sometimes I wonder if I were to die
           right now, if anyone would care, or
           even notice.
                         

           I would.
                         
          She lets out a small disbelieving laugh.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           That's nice of you to say, but I doubt
           it.
                         

           I would. If you died right now.

           I'd notice.
                         
          TJ thinks a moment. It's a sweet and sour moment. He wants to
          cheer Nicole up, but he's remembering his Mom at the same time.
                         

           Mainly because I'd be sitting in a car
           with a dead lady.
                         
          Nicole sniffs, smiling through her tears.
                         

           Please don't call me lady.
                         
          She smiles warmly at TJ.
                         

           Let's get out of here.
                         
          She puts the key in the ignition and turns it. Nothing. Nicole
          takes a breath - not wanting to get upset again. She turns to TJ
          and smiles sadly.
                         

           You wanna steer or push?
                         

                         
          TJ enters the house, he leaves his wet shoes and socks at the
          door.
                         

                         
          He enters the kitchen. Hesher sits at the table, waiting for his
          dinner. Grandma is serving food onto plates.
                         
          TJ sits. Hesher is smiling.
                         

           Hi TJ.
                         

           Hey Grandma.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           So did you fuck her?
                         

           What?! No?!
                         
          Dad enters tying the drawstring on his track pants. He looks
          messy as ever.
                         


           Where were you today?
                         

           What?
                         

           Counselling - 3:30, I'm there by
           myself.
                         

           Oh, sorry. I forgot.
                         

           Yeah, that's real nice. This thing is
           for you just as much as it is for me.
           I waited outside school for 45
           minutes.
                         

           Yeah, well, I told you I don't want to
           go.
                         

           Maybe you should let me know before
           you don't show up next time.
                         

           I did. I told you I didn't want to go.
           I told you a hundred times.
                         

           No you didn't.
                         

           Yes I did. You're just not listening.
                         

           No you didn't. What you told me was
           that you didn't want to go. You didn't
           tell me that you were just not going
           to show up.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           What difference does it make?
                         

           For me a big difference. It means, I'm
           sitting on a fucking beanbag in a room
           full of losers by myself.
                         
          Grandma sets more food on the table.
                         

           Boys please, I'm not feeling well.
                         
          Grandma heads back to the kitchen to grab more food. There is
          silence at the table.
                         


           Can you pass me my pills?
                         
          Hesher slides dad's pill bottle over.
                         
          Hesher puts his finger into the mashed potatoes and wiggles it
          around.
                         

           
           Did you finger her twat?
                         

           Shut the fuck up.
                         



                         

           What?
                         
          Hesher licks the potatoes off his finger.
                         

           Language. I don't wanna hear it.
                         

           Did you hear what he just said?
                         

           I don't care. If I hear it again,
           you're going to your room.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           My room!? You gonna start punishing me
           now?
                         

           Maybe I need to. If it's not the
           language, then it's your lack of
           responsibility... or I'm having to
           escort you down to the police station.
                         

           Shit, dad. I'm really sorry you had
           your ass dragged off the couch. I'm
           sorry you had to put some fucking
           underpants on for the first time in
           months.
                         


                         

           What?!
                         
          TJ sits and fumes, nostrils flaring.
                         

           That's enough.
                         

           Oh, what, soon as I'm right, that's
           enough?!
                         

           TJ! I don't want to hear one more word
           from you!
                         

           Fine. Fuck this.
                         
          TJ sweeps his plate off the table. It goes crashing onto the
          kitchen floor, food everywhere. Grandma walks back into the
          room, looking worried. Hesher seems riveted, like he's watching
          the tennis.
                         
          And then Dad sweeps his plate off the table. Crash, food, mess.
          He glares back at TJ.
                         

           That make you feel better?
                         
          TJ wrenches his chair back and storms off.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Dad sits a moment. With TJ gone, his reproach turns to shame.
          Grandma and Hesher make eye contact with each other.
                         
          Dad gets up and leaves the kitchen.
                         
          Hesher shovels some more food into his mouth. Grandma looks
          concerned.
                         

           Did I miss something?
                         


           Not really. Paul came in and said some
           dumb shit which TJ got angry about and
           so TJ smashed his plate and then Paul
           smashed his plate too but I got a
           feeling he smashed his one cuz he
           couldn't actually think of anything to
           say cuz he kinda knew TJ had a point
           and so now he feels bad about it and
           so he's gone somewhere.
           
           I don't know where.
                         
          Grandma contemplates this.
                         

           Those boys have been through a lot.
                         
          This makes Grandma very sad.
                         

           Sometimes I wonder if they're ever
           gonna smile again
                         
          Tears well in Grandma's eyes. Grandma is quietly crying.
                         

           I just wish there was something more I
           could do.
                         
          A long beat passes.
                         
          Hesher doesn't know what to say. He pours applesauce on his
          food. Grandma looks around the kitchen at the mess. She shakes
          her head, takes a deep breath and starts cleaning up. She picks
          up bits of broken plate and takes them to the sink. Hesher
          watches her.
                         

           This is delicious.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Thank you, dear.
                         
          Hesher holds up a piece of bacon covered in applesauce and licks
          off the sauce.
                         

           What's green and slimy and smells like
           bacon?
                         

           I don't know, dear.
                         

           What's green and slimy and smells like
           bacon?
                         

           A worm? I don't know. I'm going to lie
           down. I'm not feeling well. I'm very
           nauseated.
                         

           Oh, OK.
                         
          Grandma exits. Hesher finishes the last few bites of his dinner.
          He notices Dad's pill bottle. He reaches for them. He unscrews
          the lid and empties a few into his hand. He swallows the pills.
                         

                         
          Grandma lies in bed on top of her covers. Hesher enters the
          doorway and knocks lightly.
                         

           Did you figure it out yet?
                         

           Figure what out, dear?
                         

           What's green and slimy and smells like
           bacon?
                         

           No, not yet dear. Can you do me a
           favor?
                         

           Sure, what?
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Will you please hand me that red tin
           on the cabinet dear?
                         
          Hesher enters the room, grabs the tin from on top of the cabinet
          and hands it to Grandma on the bed.
                         

           Kermit the frog's finger.
                         

           What?
                         

           Think about it... Miss Piggy.
                         
          Grandma opens her red tin and takes out what looks like a rolled
          cigarette.
                         

           Woah, what's that?
                         

           Oh, I'm feeling very nauseated.
           They're medical cigarettes that help
           me with the nausea. Will you light a
           match for me, dear?
                         


           Hang on a second. Can I see that?
                         
          Hesher sniffs the "cigarette".
                         

           No shit.
                         
          Hesher sets the "cigarette" down.
                         

           I'll be right back.
                         
          Hesher dashes out of Grandma's room.
                         
          After a few moments, he comes back and sits on the edge of the
          bed. He is holding a glass BONG. The bong has so much resin
          caked onto the sides, it looks as though a thousand pounds of
          marijuana have been smoked through it.
                         

           May I?
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Hesher takes one of Grandma's medical joints and breaks it in
          half and loads the bowl of the pipe.
                         

           What is that?
                         

           It's a bong. The water filters the
           smoke. It's probably the most healthy
           way to smoke weed.
                         
          Hesher lights up and takes a HUGE hit from the bong. He explains
          his technique to Grandma while holding the smoke in.
                         

           OK, so basically cover the hole here
           with your thumb then suck on the top
           and once the chamber fills with smoke,
           take your finger off the hole and suck
           in.
                         
          Hesher takes a quick sip of air sucking the smoke deeper into
          his lungs.
                         

           Then try and hold the smoke in for as
           long as possible, OK bro?
                         

           Umm, OK.
                         
          Grandma takes the bong and has a hit. It's a bit clunky, but she
          manages to make it work.
                         

           Ok, lift your finger.
                         
          Hesher helps her. The smoke shoots into her lungs. Grandma
          begins to cough.
                         

           Oh, wow... That was a big one.
                         

           Yeah, that was good. Hit it again.
                         
          Grandma has another hit. It goes well. She blows out the smoke.
                         
          Hesher takes the bong off her and has another HUGE one for
          himself. He passes the bong back.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I think I'm OK, dear.
                         
          Hesher takes the last hit. He dusts off the bowl and sets the
          water pipe down.
                         
          They sit for a moment and let the drug sink in.
                         

           Honey, how old are you?
                         

           Who wants to know?
                         

           I don't know. You seem a little older
           than TJ.
                         

           Who?
                         

           Oh, stop it. Aren't you a little old
           to be hanging around TJ all the time?
                         

           Aren't you?
                         

           No, I'm his grandmother.
                         

           Yeah, I guess you have a point... OK,
           well I used to have a mouse. No,
           wait... hang on a minute. I used to
           have a snake. And do you know what
           snakes eat?
                         

           Actually, there's no limit to the food
           items that you can even think of that
           a snake might eat. Whatever is
           available in abundance would become
           the prey for the snakes. Depending on
           their growth, their diet -
                         
          Hesher cuts her off.
                         

           Yeah, OK, OK well, actually they eat
           mice.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           They do eat mice. A lot of times
           snakes eat other snakes because
           they're the right shape -
                         

           Yeah, OK, well anyway... I used to
           have a snake and I fed it mice. But
           one time I fed this little fuckin'
           mouse to my snake and that mouse was
           tough. I dropped that mouse in the
           snake's tank and the snake wouldn't go
           near him, and any time he tried that
           mouse would just smack him with his
           little, you know...
                         
          Hesher looks at his hand, not knowing what mouse hands are
          called.
                         

           With his little mouse hand. So instead
           of eating the mouse the snake just
           curled up crying in the corner and the
           mouse ruled that fuckin' cage. And
           this went on for weeks, the snake
           wouldn't go near him. That tiny mouse
           used to sit in a little miniature lawn
           chair scratching his balls and
           shelling peanuts and this snake was
           just too scared to go near it. And cuz
           the snake was scared of that mouse I
           had to feed him other mice, but every
           time I dropped another mouse in the
           tank, it'd hide behind the brave
           mouse. And so eventually the snake
           starved to death. I had a cage full of
           mice.
                         
          Grandma is stoned and sleepy and fading out.
                         

           So is TJ the mouse?
                         

           Maybe he is.
                         

           Well then, what am I?
                         

           You're an old lady.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           No, I'm a grandmother.
                         

           Yes you are. And you know what
           grandmother? I'm gonna go on a walk
           with you in the morning.
                         

           Oh, that's nice. Where are you going?
                         

           I'm not going anywhere. I'm going with
           you. Around the block, I guess.
                         

           Oh, OK, well have a nice time. I'll
           see you when you get back.
                         

           No, I'm going with you.
                         

           Ohh, OK, caauuse iii...
                         
          Grandma has fallen asleep, but mumbles like she is continuing
          the conversation. Hesher smiles to himself, turns off her lamp
          and exits the room.
                         

                         
          Hesher enters. He stands over what's left of the mess on the
          kitchen floor. He lights up a cigarette off the stove's flame
          and takes a long, slow drag, as he crouches down and starts
          picking up pieces of broken plate from the pile.
                         

                         
          Dad is asleep on the couch. A single shaft of bright sunlight
          lands on his face, causing him to stir.
                         
          TJ nimbly reaches down to the table, covered with dirty dishes
          and pill bottles, and quietly picks up his dad's wallet. He
          removes an ATM card and places the wallet back where it was. He
          exits.
                         

                         
          Close on an ATM card, sliding into the slot. Fingers type
          numbers. A small stack of twenty dollar bills pours out.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ puts the money in a dirty envelope, pockets it and rides off
          on his bike.
                         

                         
          TJ walks through the showroom to Larry's office. Larry is on the
          phone. TJ stands and waits. Larry watches him. The kid isn't
          going anywhere.
                         

           Yeah, why don't you just have him send
           them over... Sure... Scott, can you
           hold on a minute?

           What do you want?
                         

           Can I talk to you?
                         

           I'm on the phone here. Can you see
           that?
                         

           I need to talk to you.
                         

           I'm on the phone. Wait outside. I'll
           be with you in a minute.
                         
          TJ takes a seat outside the office. Larry closes the door.
          Dustin Howard appears.
                         

           The fuck are you doing here?
                         

           I came to talk to him.
                         

           What about?
                         

           It's none of your business.
                         

           What do you wanna talk to him about?
                         
          TJ ignores him. Dustin taps TJ's leg with his foot.
                         

           What do you want to talk about?
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Just leave me alone.
                         
          Larry's door opens. Larry emerges from his office. TJ stands.
                         

           What?
                         

           I got the money.
                         

           What money?
                         

           The money for the car.
                         

           What money for the car?
                         

           You said if I got eighteen hundred
           dollars I could have the car back.
                         

           Are you kidding me?

           I said, 'even if you had eighteen
           hundred dollars, I still couldn't sell
           it to you.' Even if you had five
           million dollars, I couldn't sell it to
           you. It's not even here any more
           anyway, so that's it.
                         
          TJ flinches. He wasn't expecting this.
                         

           What? What do you mean-
                         

           Kid. Leave me alone. I feel like I've
           had this conversation with you too
           many times already, but I can tell you
           we won't be having it again because
           the car's gone.
                         

           What are you talking about?
                         

           It's all over. It's gone. It's not
           here.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Where's it gone?!
                         

           Kid. It's over. Good bye.
                         
          Larry steps back into his office and shuts the door.
                         


           Where's it gone?
                         
          Dustin smiles.
                         

           And what makes you think I'm gonna
           tell you?
                         
          TJ stares, angry. An awkward moment passes. He storms away,
          dragging a water cooler down as he leaves. It crashes onto the
          ground. Water spills everywhere.
                         

                         
          TJ angrily winds his way toward the back of the lot. He stops at
          the spot where his mom's car once was - now just an empty space.
                         

                         
          Hesher is pouring himself a bowl of Captain Crunch Berries. He
          pours milk onto the cereal. He does a half-hearted side-to-side
          stretch, getting ready for his walk. He looks out the window -
          gray clouds suggest rain. He takes the bowl with him out of the
          kitchen.
                         

                         
          Hesher walks the hall, eating his bowl of Crunch Berries. He
          stops at Grandma's door and looks in. He stops eating and stands
          strangely still for a moment.
                         

                         
          Inside, we see Grandma's feet sticking out from behind the bed
          where she lies face down on the ground.
                         
          Hesher enters the room, cautiously. He stands at the end of the
          bed. He sets his cereal bowl down, bends and shakes her. No
          response.
                         

           Grandma?
                         
                         



                         
                         
          He shakes her again, this time a little harder. Nothing. He
          stands up, looking at her still body. As he realizes she is not
          waking up, his breath becomes fast, fighting hard not to get
          emotional.
                         

                         
          Gray clouds fill the sky. We hear distant thunder. On his bike,
          TJ coasts down the hill of a tree-lined street. He's upset and
          trying hard to hold it back.
                         

                         
          TJ drops his bike and enters the house.
                         

                         
          Dad sits on the couch, his head in his hands. He looks up.
                         

           Teej.
                         
          Hesher enters the room...
                         


                         
          He punches a hold in the wall. He paces angrily back &amp; forth.
          Dad, holding back tears, gets up off the coach and hugs TJ.
                         

           What's going on?
                         

           Teej. Grandma, she's not.. she's not
           waking up.
                         

           What!?
                         

           She won't wake up.
                         
          Short fast heavy breathing sets in.
                         

           What do you mean?
                         
          TJ runs over to Grandma's room and stops at the door.
                         

           Oh, Jesus.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          He disappears into the room for a second then emerges again in
          tears, his hands on his face. He heads back to the living room.
                         

           What happened?
                         

           I don't know, she just, she just
           didn't wake up.
                         
          TJ is in shock. He sits on the couch next to dad. They are both
          lost for words. Hesher stands in the corner with his head shoved
          between the walls.
                         
          Hesher joins TJ and Dad on the couch. They are all raging
          inside, confused, lost and upset. They sit together in silence
          for a long beat, in the same boat for the first time.
                         
          Hesher breaks the silence. He kicks the table over as he stands.
                         

           I gotta get the fuck out of here
           before I hurt someone.
                         
          He leaves through the front door, leaving it open behind him.
                         
          TJ gets up in a daze and stands at the doorway looking out. It
          has started to drizzle.
                         

                         
          TJ stands in the doorway working up the nerve to enter.
                         
          He enters and leans down to Grandma and tries to lift her onto
          the bed. She is heavy for him, he struggles.
                         
          He gets her on top of the bed and looks at her for a moment.
                         
          TJ breaks into tears. He leans down onto the bed holding
          Grandma, crying into her chest.
                         

                         
          TJ sits on his bed and looks inside the envelope of cash. He
          closes it and seals it shut. On the front he writes: 'NICOLE'S

                         

                         
          Close on a small piece of paper with a hand written number. The
          numbers are dialed on a phone. TJ waits while the phone rings.
          Answering machine.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Hi, it's Nicole. I'm not in right now,
           but leave a message and I'll call you
           back.
                         
          Beep.
                         

           Ah, hi. It's TJ here. I, ah, I'm sorry
           to bug you, but um, I don't know, I
           guess I wanted to talk to you right
           now. I don't know. I have a present
           for you too, so maybe I'll just come
           drop it off or something, or ah,
           yeah... Um, OK. Bye.
                         
          He hangs up the phone and exits.
                         

                         
          TJ walks out the front door. Dad is quietly sitting on the front
          steps wearing a T-shirt in the light rain. TJ goes to his bike.
                         

           What are you doing?
                         


           I don't know. Getting some fresh air,
           I guess.
                         

           It's starting to rain.
                         
          Dad reaches out his hand and catches a few drops.
                         

           Yeah.
                         
          TJ picks up his bike and rides. We stay with Dad as TJ
          disappears down the wet street.
                         

                         
          TJ rides his bike. He rounds a corner onto Nicole's street.
                         
          He jumps off his bike outside her building and wheels it inside
          the front fence.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ climbs the stairs of Nicole's building. As he approaches her
          apartment door, he hears loud, but muffled music.
                         
          He knocks on the door. No answer. The music is really loud.
                         
          He knocks again. No answer. He tries the door handle. It gives.
                         
          He pushes the door open tentatively.
                         

                         
          TJ enters the apartment. The music is blasting. He looks around
          the living area. Clothes are strewn around. He sees Hesher's
          combat boots, T-shirt, jeans. TJ looks seriously troubled.
                         
          We can faintly hear heavy breathing/moaning coming from the
          bedroom.
                         
          TJ walks over to a door. It's an inch ajar. He pushes it open
          gently.
                         
          We don't see what he sees, but TJ stands deathly still, eyes
          wide, white as a ghost. We hear Nicole giggle. Then -
                         

           Oh shit. TJ.
                         
          TJ storms away, heading for the front door. He pulls a lamp
          smashing to the ground on his way out.
                         

                         
          TJ charges down the stairs. He grabs his bike and heads out into
          the street. Light rain falls. We see Hesher appear behind him,
          barefoot and topless, buttoning his jeans.
                         
          TJ notices Hesher's van parked out the front, he drops his bike
          and grabs a rusty pipe from a pile of garbage on the sidewalk
          and heads straight toward the van.
                         

           Hey, hey... wait.
                         
          TJ takes a hard swing into the van, smashing the tail light.
          Nicole runs out into the street, concerned, wearing an oversized
          sweatshirt and underpants.
                         

           Hey! The fuck are you doing?
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          TJ ignores him and takes another swing at the van. Hesher
          approaches TJ. TJ takes a swing at him with the pipe.
                         
          Hesher steps back. Nicole gasps, her hand to her mouth. She
          doesn't know what to say or do.
                         

           Fuck you. Fuck you fuck you fuck you.
                         

           Stop hitting my van.
                         

           Fuck you.

           And you're a fucking whore. I hope you
           die. And when you do, no one's gonna
           fuckin' notice.

           Cuz you're a fat fucking prostitute.
                         
          Hesher steps toward TJ.
                         

           Dude, chill out for a second.
                         
          TJ swings the pipe at Hesher again.
                         

           Get the fuck away from me! I'll smash
           you in the face, I swear to God. Back
           the fuck up.
                         
          TJ swings again. He's so angry, he's practically foaming at the
          mouth.
                         

           I never want to see you or your ugly
           fucking face again. That goes for both
           of you fucking assholes.
                         
          TJ throws the pipe at Hesher. It hits the road with a loud
          clang. TJ grabs his bike and rides away furiously. Hesher and
          Nicole watch TJ ride away. It begins to rain hard.
                         

                         
          TJ glides his bike down a long hill in the pouring rain, in
          tears.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ rides up the front porch. A funeral home truck is parked out
          the front - HAPPY EVER AFTER is written on the side. TJ drops
          his bike and enters the house.
                         

                         
          Dad sits at the dining room table with a FUNERAL DIRECTOR - a
          tall, lanky man. He talks in a drawn, soft monotone. Dad doesn't
          appear to be at all in the mood for this conversation.
                         

           After the service we have
           complimentary lemonade in our wake
           room, but should you wish to upgrade
           to soda and sandwiches we can arrange
           that. People typically like to have a
           light bite after the service.
                         
          The front door slams. TJ storms past the dining room table. The
          funeral director pauses and watches him pass. The sound of TJ's
          bedroom door slamming shakes the house.
                         

                         
          TJ is angrily pacing back and forth. A gentle knock reveals Dad
          at his door.
                         

           Are you OK?
                         
          TJ refuses to look at his dad.
                         

           Will you just leave me alone.
                         
          Dad doesn't know what to say beyond this. He feels as lost as TJ
          does. He leaves the room.
                         
          TJ paces.
                         

                         
          He enters the garage violently. TJ sweeps Hesher's belongings
          off the work bench in the garage. He kicks Hesher's sleeping bag
          and pillow. A weathered bass guitar leans against a little
          amplifier. TJ kicks the guitar, snapping it in two.
                         
          Out of breath, he stands in the mess he has created. Something
          catches his eye. He contemplates this for a beat.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Close on: GARDEN SHEARS. TJ pockets them and exits the garage.
                         

                         
          TJ heads straight toward the front door of the house. He exits.
                         

                         
          It's raining hard. TJ storms out, just as Hesher is making his
          way up the path, his van parked on the street behind him. Hesher
          reaches out his arm to slow TJ.
                         

           I wanna talk to you.
                         
          TJ pushes Hesher's arm out of the way.
                         

           Get your fucking hands away from me! I
           told you, I never want to see you
           again.
                         
          Hesher, at a loss, watches TJ grab a brick from the muddy garden
          and throw it through the passenger side window of his van.
                         
          Hesher charges TJ. He throws him into the muddy garden and
          kneels over him holding him by the collar of his hooded
          sweatshirt.
                         

           I fuckin' told you, leave my van out
           of this!
                         
          Hesher lifts TJ up and slams him back down on the ground,
          knocking the wind out of him. TJ struggles to get away.
                         

           Let go of me! Fuckin' let go of me.
                         
          Dad runs out the front door and pulls Hesher off TJ by the back
          of his shirt.
                         

           What in God's name -
                         
          Hesher shakes free from Dad's grip and punches him square in the
          nose. Dad goes down hard.
                         

           Don't fuckin' touch m-
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Without hesitation, TJ jumps on Hesher's back, bear hugging his
          face. They struggle for a beat, until Hesher manages to throw TJ
          off. He lands on the wet grass like a ragdoll.
                         

           Fuck you both! Motherfuckers!
                         
          Hesher stands breathing hard, dripping wet from the rain, fists
          clenched.
                         
          He turns back to his van, gets in, slams the door and peels
          away. TJ picks himself up out of the mud, grabs his bike and
          rides off in the opposite direction. Dad stands holding his
          bloody nose. He watches Hesher, he watches TJ. He is left
          confused and bleeding in the pouring rain.
                         

                         
          It's raining cats and dogs. TJ stands outside Dustin's house,
          soaking wet with his hoodie pulled over his head, the garden
          shears in his hand.
                         
          He walks around the side of the house and looks in the window.
                         

                         
          From TJ's POV outside, we see Dustin in the kitchen preparing a
          sandwich, one eye on the TV. He takes the sandwich to the couch
          in front of the TV and lies down.
                         

                         
          TJ walks around the back of the house. He tries the handle to
          the back door. It's locked. TJ sees the dog door. He climbs
          through the flap, trying to be as quiet as possible. The TV is
          loud inside.
                         

                         
          TJ treads softly through the kitchen, soaking wet, shears
          poised.
                         
          He walks through to the living area. He steps behind the couch
          out of Dustin's line of sight. Dustin's bare feet hang off the
          end of the couch.
                         
          TJ ducks down. He opens the shears and carefully brings them
          down over Dustin's big toe. He squeezes them shut...
                         
          Dustin squeals.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Where's my car?
                         

           What are you doing!?
                         

           Where's my fucking car?
                         

           Are you crazy?!
                         

           You make me ask one more time, your
           toe's coming off. I swear to God.
                         

           It's gone to the wrecker's.
                         

           What?
                         

           The wrecking yard.
                         

           Bullshit.
                         
          TJ squeezes a little harder. Dustin squeals a little louder.
                         

           Why would I be lying?
                         

           Because you're a fucking asshole. Tell
           me where it is.
                         

           It's gone to the wrecker's. I swear to
           God.
                         
          TJ squeezes harder. Dustin squeals.
                         

           I'm not lying. It went to the wrecking
           yard on Sunrise near Red Bridge,
           yesterday afternoon. It's there now.
                         
          TJ thinks, holding Dustin's toe in his grip.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I swear to God, man. It's at the
           wrecking yard on Sunrise.
                         

           If you're lying, I'm gonna cut off
           every one of your fingers.
                         
          TJ doesn't quite know what to do now. He stares at Dustin who
          looks genuinely frightened. TJ releases the shears and backs
          away. And the second he does so, Dustin leaps off the couch,
          grabs TJ by the throat and slams him down on the living room
          floor. TJ drops the shears.
                         

           You finished? Want to tell me
           something else while you're visiting?
                         
          Dustin wails into TJ. TJ cowers on the ground. Punches land

                         
          A LAWN CHAIR comes CRASHING through the front window into the
          living room, raining glass everywhere. Dustin stops punching,
          stunned, and looks up to see Hesher, dripping wet, step through
          the big nasty hole he has just made.
                         

           Hello.
                         

           What the fuck?
                         
          Dustin moves to stand. Hesher pounces on him, dragging him along
          the ground. He grabs the shears and brings them straight up to
          Dustin's nose. In the same movement, he snaps the shears shut
          and takes the end of Dustin's nose off.
                         
          Dustin squeals in pain and scurries backwards, clutching his
          face, blood leaking between his fingers. TJ stands, stunned.
                         

           What the fuck is wrong with you?
                         

           What?
                         

           Oh my god, my nose!
                         

           What the fuck is wrong with you?
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I just saved you.
                         

           You cut his nose off.
                         

           Only a bit, it's just a cut.
                         
          Dustin is crying now, clutching his face.
                         
          TJ goes to the kitchen.
                         

           You just cut his nose off!
                         

           What are you talking about?
                         
          TJ runs a rag under the tap and takes it to Dustin. Hesher
          stands, clutching the shears, confused.
                         

           Hold this against your face.
                         
          Dustin moans. Hesher is still confused.
                         

           You gotta stop the bleeding.
                         

           Oh my god!
                         

           What's your problem?
                         
          Dustin holds the rag. TJ stands to face Hesher.
                         

           I want you outta my life. I'm serious.
           I never want to see you again. How
           many times do I have say it?
                         
          They look at each other a moment. Hesher looks taken aback. He
          honestly believed he was doing a good thing.
                         
          TJ leaves, through the front door. Hesher stands over a
          whimpering Dustin wondering what went wrong.

                         
                         
                         

                         
          TJ rides his bike over a rickety red bridge. He pulls his bike
          up outside the tall wire fence of a big dirty wrecking yard -
          D&amp;S Auto-Wreckers. It's still raining very hard. TJ is soaking
          wet. He sits on his bike, looking at mountains of wrecked cars
          inside.
                         
          TJ hops off his bike and shoves it behind a dumpster. He gets up
          on the dumpster and climbs the wrecking yard's fence.
                         

                         
          TJ roams the stacks, looking for his mother's car. He looks
          distraught. All around sit stacks of wrecked cars. A vicious dog
          on a chain barks and snarls nearby.
                         
          TJ stops. He sees his mom's car atop a tall stack of wrecks. He
          looks at it a moment, contemplating what to do. He moves to the
          base of the stack and begins to climb.
                         
          He clambers slowly up the pile in the rain. It's awkward and
          difficult and more than a little dangerous.
                         
          Finally he reaches the top. He wrenches open the car door and
          squeezes behind the wheel.
                         

                         
          TJ sits, catching his breath. The rain clatters on the roof of
          the car. TJ is up high enough to see the lights of the
          surrounding neighborhood. He sits and contemplates the last few
          days and months of his life.
                         
          He closes his eyes.
                         

                         

                         
          A doorbell rings. TJ runs to the door wearing the bottom half a
          suit. It's the pizza man.
                         

           Hi.
           
           Pizza's here, I need money.
                         
          Dad, clean shaven, dressed in a suit, comes to the door and
          pays.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           
           OK, pizza's here.
                         


           Alright, let's do it.
                         
          The woman comes down the stairs with her hair nicely done,
          wearing a fancy pink dress, it's TJ's MOM.
                         

           Teej, c'mon sweetheart. We have to go.
           We're going to be late.
                         

           What about the pizza?
                         

           We'll eat it in the car.
                         
          She begins to do up TJ's tie.
                         


           Honey, will you grab the present?
                         
          Dad picks up a large box off the side table, it's clearly heavy.
                         

           Holy crap, what is this thing?
                         
          The three emerge from the house. TJ is wearing a suit and
          carrying the pizza box, Dad's carrying the heavy present, and
          Mom's carrying a bouquet of flowers and her purse. Dad stands at
          the door of a little white car. Clearly the box is too big.
                         

           Ah, slight problem.
                         
          Mom open the back of her red volvo which is parked right next to
          the white car.
                         

           We'll take my car.
                         
          Dad does a heel spins around the white car and heads towards
          Mom's red volvo, never losing a beat.
                         

           Sure thing.

                         
                         
                         

                         

                         
          Dad's driving, eating a slice of pizza. TJ is in the backseat,
          looking out the window, also eating pizza. Mom does her make-up
          in the visor mirror.
                         

           I think we should keep the new one and
           give them our old one.
                         

           That's a great idea. I'll be sure to
           let them know that our dirty old
           microwave is a gift from you.
                         

           Good. I'm not even sure they know who
           I am.
                         

           Honey, they're my friends. Please.
                         

           OK, I just don't understand why they
           get so many presents.
                         

           A microwave and a bottle of scotch is
           hardly a lot of presents.
                         

           And flowers.
                         
          Mom half-laughs and shakes her head.
                         

           
           Mom can you turn on the radio?
                         

           Sure honey. How about some oldies?
                         

           Oldies but goodies.
                         
          Mom turns on the oldies station. Dion And The Belmont's, "A
          Teenager In Love" plays. Dad sings along.
                         
          The car hits a bump. Mom smudges her lipstick.
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         


           Honey?
                         
          She turns to Dad and we can see her lipstick has gone up onto
          her cheek. She smiles at Dad. They all smile at this, then -
                         
          From out of nowhere, the car is T-BONED on the passenger's side.
          The impact is massive. The NOISE is deafening. Smashed glass.
          The car spins into the oncoming traffic and is hit by a delivery
          truck. The car flips. More deafening noise...
                         

                         
          TJ wakes in the wrecked car at the wrecking yard. The loud sound
          of crunching metal continues. TJ is startled and disoriented. He
          realizes the car is moving.
                         

                         
          A crane is lifting the car with a huge wrecking yard magnet. As
          it rises off the stack, it dangles at a precarious angle.
                         

                         
          TJ is thrown through the car to be wedged up against the
          windshield. He panics. He yells. He squirms his way to the
          window and waves his arm wildly outside, yelling, trying to get
          the attention of the guys below. The car shifts violently and TJ
          slides out through the window.
                         

                         
          TJ is hanging dangerously out of the car, swinging his legs and
          screaming at the top of his lungs. His voice can barely be heard
          over the sound of machinery.
                         
          A guy on the ground, MARIO, looks up and spots TJ. He
          frantically looks to get the crane operator's attention.
                         

           Ricky!

           Ricky! Kill it, man.
                         
          Ricky sticks his head out of the crane cab, like he can't hear.
                         

           What?
                         

           Kill it! There's someone in the car!
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Mario points. Ricky looks up. Both men can see TJ dangling.
                         

                         
          As the car is lowered TJ jumps the last few feet to the ground.
          Mario leads him away from the car and the crane.
                         

           What the hell are you doing?
                         

           I don't know.
                         

           What were you doing in there?
                         

           I don't know. I'm sorry.
                         

           This car's about to get crushed. If I
           didn't see you, you would be dead.
                         

           I know.
                         

           What were you thinking, man?
                         
          TJ doesn't respond, he backs away.
                         
          Mario watches him walk away, still disbelieving. He turns back
          to Ricky and gives him the all clear to start her up again.
                         
          TJ walks to the entrance gate while behind him his mom's car is
          hoisted high in the air.
                         
          TJ stops at a dirty vending machine by the gate. He pulls coins
          from his pocket and slots them in. It spits out a chocolate bar.
                         
          Moments later TJ stands with his half-eaten chocolate bar while
          watching his Mom's car get fed into a giant crushing machine and
          compacted into scrap. Tears well in his eyes. He feels helpless.
                         

                         
          TJ walks in the front door. Dad jumps up from the couch. He has
          a bandage on his nose and a black eye. He looks distraught, like
          he's been up all night.
                         

           Where have you been?
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Sorry.
                         

           Where have you been?
                         

           I'm sorry. I lost track of time.
                         

           You lost track of time? It's ten in
           the morning!
                         

           I'm sorry.
                         

           I've been up all night. How is that
           fair to me?
                         

           I don't know.
                         
          Dad looks at him, breathing hard. Tears well in his eyes. Dad
          starts crying, he's falling to bits.
                         

           Just go to your room.
                         
          Dad knows he's being pathetic. TJ walks off down the hall.
                         

                         
          TJ stands in front of a mirror trying to correctly tie his neck
          tie. He makes a sad attempt and leaves it - it looks wrong.
                         
          There's a knock at TJ's bedroom door, but the door doesn't open.
                         

           There's someone at the front door for
           you.
                         

                         
          Nicole stands at the door. TJ is unimpressed with seeing her. He
          stands in the doorway looking silly with his tie.
                         

           Hesher's not here.
                         

           I came to see you.
                         
                         



                         
                         

           Why? What do you want?
                         

           I wanted to tell you something.
                         
          TJ stares at her.
                         

           I didn't know if I should come here or
           not, but I couldn't stop thinking
           about it. I thought maybe if I came
           you'd still just be really angry at me
           and hate me, but then I thought if I
           didn't you'd think I didn't care and
           you'd hate me anyway, so I figured I
           might as well come, just in case, so
           here I am.
                         

           Yeah, well what do you want?
                         

           I want to apologize. I feel bad about
           what happened. I didn't take your
           feelings into consideration -
                         

           Yeah, well, whatever. It doesn't
           really matter. I have to go.
                         

           Yes it does. It does to me. I like
           you, TJ. We're friends.
                         
          TJ looks at her, he doesn't really want to be mad at her.
                         

           I understand if you don't want to be
           my friend. I didn't mean to hurt your
           feelings. Sometimes I just... I don't
           know. I just wanted to come around and
           say all that, but maybe you still hate
           me and so it doesn't matter, but I
           just came round to say that, but I've
           said it now, so I should just go. So,
           OK, bye.
                         
          Nicole walks off. She gets half way across the lawn before -
                         

           I'm sorry I broke your lamp.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Nicole turns.
                         

           It's OK.
                         

           And I'm sorry I called you a fat
           prostitute.
                         

           It's OK.
                         

           You're not fat.
                         
          Nicole smiles at this.
                         

           But I'm a prostitute?
                         

           I dunno. Maybe.
                         
          They smile at one another. She crosses the lawn back toward TJ.
          She fixes his tie. She smiles again and then she leaves.
                         

                         
          Dad and TJ sit in the front seat. They are still angry and not
          speaking to each other. It is an unpleasant and uncomfortable
          ride. They both wear a suit and tie.
                         

                         
          Dad and TJ drive into the funeral home parking lot in Grandma's
          car. A few people are milling around.
                         

                         
          Dad and TJ enter the funeral home foyer. They look like they
          don't know where they're supposed to go. They are greeted by the
          funeral director from earlier. He talks in a soft monotone
          whisper.
                         

           Excuse me, Mr. Forney, may I have a
           word?
                         
          He takes Dad aside.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I hate to have to do this here, but
           there's a couple of things I need to
           discuss with you quickly, if that's

                         

           Ah, sure.
                         

           I know that we discussed your
           preferences for some aspects of
           today's service, including your choice
           of the cedar casket which the
           insurance company had covered.
           Unfortunately we were out of those and
           instead we've chosen a mahogany
           casket. Now there is an extra charge
           for the mahogany which I need to clear
           with you before we proceed. Is that

                         
          Dad looks confused. He doesn't know how he's supposed to
          respond.
                         

           Ah, I guess.
                         

           OK, great, thank you. If you could
           just sign here.
                         
          The director hands Dad a fancy pen and holds out a dense order
          form for him to sign.
                         

           Just at the bottom there.
                         
          Dad's pen hovers. He doesn't know where he's signing.
                         

           Just here, Mr. Forney, just under
           that... yes, that's great.
                         
          Dad signs and hands the pen back.
                         

           Now, just one other thing - we have
           another service following yours today,
           we hate to do this, but we're going to
           have to try to get through yours as
           quickly as possible.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          The funeral director's cell phone vibrates loudly on his belt.
          He ignores it. Dad can't.
                         

           I don't want you to feel rushed, but
           we are really under the pump today and
           I just thought I should give you the
           heads up. Now, I notice, just looking
           at your order of service... (beat,
           thinking) Ah, look, let's play it by
           ear. We should be fine.
                         
          Dad looks at the funeral director, not quite sure he's hearing
          him right. The funeral director's phone continues to vibrate.
                         

           OK. Excuse me.
                         
          The funeral director walks away and answers his phone.
                         

                         
          The funeral director stands at the front of the room. He hits
          play on the in-house stereo - generic classical musak. TJ and
          Dad take seats next to each other, but they might as well be a
          hundred miles apart. About ten other people sit.
                         
          The funeral director hits stop. He stands and approaches the
          microphone.
                         

           We are gathered here today to mourn
           the loss and commemorate the life of
           Madeleine Frances Forney.
           
           Ah, if you could please take your
           seats as quickly as possible that'd be
           great. Thank you.
           
           Madeleine was a beloved wife, mother,
           grandmother and friend. And now Mrs
           Agnes Rosowski, a dear friend and
           neighbor, will say a few quick words.
                         
          MRS AGNES ROSOWSKI hobbles her way to the microphone.
                         

           I did not know Madeleine long enough,
           but from the moment I moved into the
           neighborhood so many years ago, she
           treated me as though I was part of the
           family.

                         




           Madeleine always had open arms and
           welcomed friends as kindly as her own.
           She had such a kind wonderful heart.
                         
          While Agnes speaks, TJ and Dad notice the funeral director, off
          to the side, whispering business to two of his employees. He
          makes every attempt to be subtle and discreet about it, but he
          is clearly struggling with today's workload.
                         

           We shared so many wonderful walks and
           enjoyed each other's company very
           much. I will miss our walks. I will
           miss our talks and most of all, I will
           miss Madeleine. I will always remember
           what she told me, life is like
           walking in the rain, you can either
           hide and take shelter or you can just
           get wet. She was dear to me and she
           will always have a place in my heart.
                         
          Agnes places her hand on Grandma's coffin and stands for a long
          silent beat.
                         

           I love you, Madeleine.
                         
          Another drawn out moment of silence. The funeral director takes
          this opportunity to step to the microphone.
                         

           OK, thank you, Agnes...
                         
          Agnes steps towards her seat. When she sees TJ she stops.
                         

           TJ, I think you should say something.
                         
          The funeral director pauses awkward. Everyone looks at TJ.
                         

           Go on, TJ.
                         
          TJ gets up reluctantly. He doesn't know what to say. He stands
          at the microphone and struggles for a long beat, but nothing
          comes out.
                         

           Sorry.
                         
          TJ makes his way off the stage.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          Sound of slow clapping from the back. It's Hesher. His hair
          looks extra greasy, he's wearing a dirty white Budweiser T-shirt
          and he's holding a tall can of beer under his arm which spills
          as he claps. He is VERY drunk.
                         
          The funeral director tries to wrap it up.
                         

           OK, so at this point we should
           conclude today's service with a
           moment's silence, after which lemonade
           will be served in the...
                         

           Actually, I'd like to add to TJ's
           speech. I think I know where he was
           going with that.
                         
          Hesher stands and makes his way to the front. The funeral
          director tries politely to protest.
                         

           I'm sorry, sir...
                         
          Dad stands up in the aisle and tries to stop Hesher.
                         

           What are you doing here?
                         
          Up on the stage, funeral home employees begin wheeling Grandma's
          coffin away.
                         

           Hey, hey, hey...
                         
          Hesher pushes past Dad and stops the coffin.
                         

           What are you doing? Get your fuckin'
           hands off that box.
                         
          The funeral director walks up to Hesher.
                         

           I'm sorry, sir we really need to-
                         
          Hesher turns and stands at the microphone.
                         

           Um...
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         
          The funeral director looks over to Dad, not sure what to do. He
          lightly puts his hand on Hesher's arm to guide him off stage.
                         

           I'm sorry, sir-
                         
          Hesher pushes the funeral director's arm away hard.
                         

           You touch me again, I'll rip your
           fucking head off and skull fuck you.
                         
          The funeral director backs off, scared and unsure of what to do.
                         

           Ah, OK. Listen. I know you guys don't
           want me here and I don't want to
           fucking be here, but I'm not here for
           me, I'm fuckin' here for her-
                         
          Hesher gestures to Grandma's coffin.
                         

           - and I'm not fuckin' here to say
           goodbye or have my farewell or
           whatever the fuck you assholes call it
           - this is not how I want to say
           goodbye to someone I like - in this
           shit-hole with these-
                         
          Hesher points to the funeral director.
                         

           - fuckin' assholes.
                         
          TJ's dad stands and interrupts.
                         

           OK, this is enough-
                         

           Yeah, well why don't you shut up for
           a second and listen cause I'm going to
           say what I want to say and then you'll
           never see me again. Alright?!
                         
          There is a beat of silence. No one knows what to say or do.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I'm here cause she's been trying to
           tell you guys something, but you don't
           want to listen... so I'm gonna fuckin'
           break it down.
                         
          Hesher takes a long pull from his beer can.
                         

           I pulled the gas tank from an old
           Chevy and I wanted to fuckin' blow it
           up, so I did. I didn't think about the
           millions of bits of metal that were
           gonna fly in every direction. I almost
           killed myself. I woke up in a
           hospital. I couldn't remember what
           happened and then this doctor at the
           end of my bed said 'son', and I said,
           'don't call me son you fuckin' cunt',
           then he said, 'you blew off your nut'.
           Some shrapnel had penetrated my left
           scrotal sack and ripped the furry
           sucker right off. My left fucking nut
           was gone, just like that.
                         
          Hesher makes a magic disappearing arm gesture, spilling a bit of
          beer on the floor.
                         

           I went crazy. I assaulted a nurse, a
           doctor or two, I can't remember. I got
           arrested. I got sent to juvie. But all
           I could think about day and night was
           my missing fuckin' nut. I couldn't eat
           or sleep, I just wanted my fucking nut
           back. I had to get out of there and
           find it, so I busted out of juvie and
           went lookin' for it. I looked for
           days, but didn't find shit.
                         
          The tiny crowd listens, half offended, half intrigued.
                         

           And then one night I was taking a shit
           and I was just staring down at my
           balls, looking at my flabby piece of
           sack where my left nut used to be and
           then I noticed my right nut, for like
           the first time. My right nut was just
           sitting there, totally happy, just
           hanging out.

                         
                         




           All this time I'd been driving myself
           crazy thinking about my missing nut
           and not thinking about the nut I still
           had all along. And I realized, I've
           still got a nut. I've still got one
           good nut. God or the Devil or whoever
           left me with one good nut. At least I
           didn't lose both my nuts. I've still
           got one good nut and it works, and my
           dick works too.
                         
          Hesher looks up at TJ and Dad, sad and imploring, he's made his
          point. They look back at him stunned.
                         

           You lost your mom. You lost your wife.
           I lost a nut.
                         
          Hesher takes the last swig of his Budweiser. He sways, drunk.
          This soaks in with the crowd.
                         

           Fuck this.
                         
          Hesher throws the can down. He goes to stomp on it. He misses
          and stumbles, crashing into the microphone podium, knocking it
          over and falling in a heap with it. He starts puking on the
          stage. A couple of old ladies are horrified.
                         
          The funeral director motions to his assistants that now is the
          time to move the coffin out. Hesitantly, they obey. Hesher looks
          over from the floor.
                         

           Leave her alone. We're not finished
           yet.
                         


           Unfortunately sir, we need to be.
                         
          They continue to push the coffin away. Hesher lifts himself up
          and wipes the vomit from his face and steps toward the coffin.
          The funeral workers back away.
                         

           I told Grandma I was going on a walk
           with her and I'm gonna do it!
                         
          Determined, Hesher leans down and unlocks the wheels of the
          coffin stand.
                         
          Dad stands, not exactly sure what to do.
                         
                         



                         
                         
          With purpose Hesher pushes the coffin down the stage ramp and
          down the center aisle of the room, toward the exit. He turns to

                         

           You promised Grandma you'd go on a
           walk with her. This is your last
           chance.
                         
          Hesher seems overcome with emotion, he continues pushing the
          coffin toward the exit and out through the doors.
                         
          TJ and Dad watch him, unsure. After a moment, They follow him to
          the door. They stand at the doors watching Hesher push the
          coffin out into the parking lot.
                         
          TJ is overcome with emotion, his eyes well with tears. He heads
          across the lot and catches up with Hesher, joining him on the
          walk. Dad watches for a beat, his eyes well up too, then he does
          the same.
                         
          All three are now walking together through the funeral home
          parking lot with Grandma's coffin. They don't speak. It's a
          release. Other mourners watch from the doorway.
                         

                         
          Hesher wheels Grandma's coffin across the parking lot with TJ
          and Dad beside him. They seem solemn and strangely dignified in
          a dishevelled way.
                         
          Hesher leads them out of the parking lot and into the street.
          Traffic passes around them. Some cars come to a complete stop.
                         
          Hesher gets the coffin up onto the sidewalk on the other side of
          the street and the three continue their silent walk with
          Grandma.
                         
          In slow motion the three walk. Dad puts his arm around TJ's
          shoulders, TJ puts his arm around Dad's.
                         
          And then a cop car cruises beside them slow. The cops inside
          watch them. Dad looks over. One of the cops smiles.
                         

                         
          The cop car pulls up outside the house. The back door opens and
          Hesher falls out onto the sidewalk, still very drunk. Dad climbs
          out and steps over Hesher helping him to his feet. A cop speaks
          to them from the open window.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         


           You'll get him to bed now, won't you?
                         

           That's the plan.
                         
          Hesher squirms and slurs.
                         

           Get your hands off me, pig.
                         

           That's the plan.
                         
          The cop gives them a casual wave as their car pulls away. TJ and
          Dad help Hesher across the lawn to the front door. We hold on
          the house for a beat.
                         

                         
          Close on scissors to beard.
                         
          Dad stands over the sink cutting away at his beard. Golden
          sunlight pours in through the windows.
                         
          A moment later he lathers his face up with shaving cream.
                         

                         
          There's a gentle knock at the door. TJ wakes and makes a big
          stretch. His hair's a mess.
                         

           Come in.
                         
          Dad enters, he's clean-shaven now. He looks like a new man.
                         

           Morning, Teej.
                         

           Hey. Look at you.
                         

           I know. It feels weird. I can feel air
           on my face.
                         

           I hardly recognize you.
                         
                         
                         
                         



                         
                         

           I think Hesher's gone.
                         

           Gone where?
                         

           I don't know. But I think you should
           come take a look at this.
                         

                         
          The garage door is open. The garage is flooded with daylight and
          no sign of Hesher.
                         
          TJ and Dad walks across the garage to the open door. At the
          garage's entrance they stop. Their eyes register something
          seriously unusual outside.
                         
          'Master of Puppets' by Metallica punches in. LOUD.
                         
          A giant red cube of Volvo scrap metal has been placed in the
          center of the driveway like a huge piece of abstract art. They
          stand and stare at it, almost in awe.
                         
          Then from the across the street, we see the object in the
          driveway and TJ and Dad on the porch looking at it.
                         
          We also see the words 'HESHER WAS HERE!' spray painted on the
          front of the house in big letters, as yet unseen by TJ and Dad.
          Dad puts his arm around TJ's shoulders.
                         
          On the beat we CUT TO:
                         

                         
          Hesher ripping on the guitar; Hesher blowing something up;
          Hesher cupping a fart and putting it in TJ's face; Hesher
          pantsing Dad; Hesher metal saluting Grandma and Grandma saluting
          him back.
                         
          Hesher behind the wheel of his van, smoking a cigarette and
          making a direct line for the setting sun.
                         
          A mouse sits an in a tiny armchair like a human, shelling a
          peanut. He throws the shell over his shoulder watching the
          setting sun.
                         

                         



