







                                Written by

                      Chase Palmer &amp; Cary Fukunaga


                         
                           Based on the novel by

                               Stephen King
                         
                         
                         
                         

                         
                         
                         
                         

                         
          Rain. Lashing a windowpane. A PIANO PLAYS somewhere off
          screen. Beethoven's Fur Elise.
                         
                         

                         
          A little boy gazes out into the storm. Nervous, eager, sweet.
          Meet GEORGE DENBROUGH .
                         

                     You sure it's not too bad out
                     there?
                         
          Will , his older brother,   sits up in bed propped against
          a pile of pillows, surrounded   by tissues and sheets of
          newspaper. HEADLINES and TOYS   tell us this is the late 80's --
          October, 1987 to be exact. He   puts finishing touches on
                         

                         

                     Don't be such a wuss. I'd come if I
                     weren't dying. Now get the
                     paraffin.
                         

                     In the cellar?
                         

                     You want it to float or not,
                     Georgie? Go on. Storm's not gonna
                     last forever.
                         

                     Okay, Willy.
                         
          George jumps up obediently and goes.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         
                         
                         


                         
                         
                         
                         

                         
          George hurries downstairs. He catches a glimpse of their
          mother, SHARON DENBROUGH  in the parlor playing piano,
          an earthy beauty transported to another world while she
          plays.
                         
                         

                         
          George's stomach sinks as he comes face to face with THE
          CELLAR DOOR -- the only thing between George and the monster
          in the basement of his imagination -- IT.
                         
                         

                         
          A WALKIE-TALKIE SQUAWKS next to Will. The sarcastic walkie-
          talkie filtered voice of RICHIE "TRASHMOUTH" TOZIER , his
          neighbor, filters through the plastic speaker.
                         


                    Willy-boy.
                         
          Will, annoyed, picks up the walkie-talkie.   While looking
          through his rain blasted window.
                         

                    Trashmouth.
                         
          They wave at each other. Richie, bug-eyed glasses, turns the
          wave into a middle-finger.
                         

                    Thought you were sick.
                         

                    I am.
                         

                    Is it mortal?
                         
                         

                         
          Flinging it open, George ventures his arm into the DARK VOID.
          He gropes around and finds the LIGHT SWITCH. Nothing. George
          snatches his arm back.

                         
                         

                    Oh, balls. The power.
                         
          The dark basement glares back at him, taunting.
                         



                         
                         

                         

                         

                    What was that?
                         
          Will coughs hard into a tissue. Half-impatient, half-joking:
                         

                    Nothing. Georgie and I are making
                    a paper boat. Got to go-
                         

                    Wait-!
                         
          Will turns off the walkie-talkie.
                         
                         

                         
          George rubs the gooseflesh on his arms.
                         


                    I'm getting it. I'm going to get
                    it. I'm going in. I'm...
                         
          He steels himself and plunges into the void.
                         
                         

                         
          George scrambles down four steps to THE CELLAR SHELF and
          sifts through junk as fast as he can: SHOE-POLISH, RAGS, a
          dusty bag of colored BALLOONS, a broken FLASHLIGHT, two
          mostly empty bottles of WINDEX, and an old can of TURTLE WAX.
                         
          George stops and gazes upon the CARTOON TURTLE with hypnotic
          wonder. CUT TO POV of something lurking in recesses of the
          basement, watching GEORGE framed in the light of the doorway.

                         
                         
          Sensing this, George snaps out of it, grabs the BOX OF
          PARAFFIN near the back of the shelf, and hurries back up the
          stairs, slamming the door in our/It's face.
                         
                         

                         
          Will melts a chunk of paraffin with a match in a ceramic
          bowl, then dips his finger into the hot liquid and smears the
          wax along the sides of the boat.
                         

                    Can I do some?
                         

                    Okay. Just don't get any on my
                    blankets or Mom'll freak.
                         
          George dips his finger and spreads it.
                         

                    Too cool.
                         
          They finish up and Will gives the boat to George.
                         

                    There you go. She's all yours.
                         

                    She?
                         

                    You're the Captain, ain't   ya?
                    Captains call their boats   she. Now
                    put on your rain stuff or   you'll
                    wind up stuck in bed like   your
                    stupid brother.
                         
          They both grin, the cozy room full of cheerful brotherly
          love. George kisses Will on the cheek, startling him.
                         

                    Thanks, Willy.
                         
          He goes. Will looks to the rain-lashed window, piano still
          playing. He's suddenly filled with a sense of foreboding.
                         

                    Be careful out there!

                         
                         

                         
          A DEAD TRAFFIC LIGHT sways overhead, its dripping black
          lenses gazing back at A BOY IN A YELLOW SLICKER AND RED

                         
          Georgie races down the street past dark houses after his
          PAPER BOAT, which sluices along a gutter swollen with rushing
          rainwater.
                         
          Rain taps on George's hood sounding to his ears like rain on
          a shed roof, a comforting almost cozy sound. The buckles of
          his galoshes make a merry jingle as he goes.
                         
          The boat whistles past a blockade of sawhorses marked DEPT OF
          DERRY PUBLIC WORKS, where a gouge in the blacktop sends it
          sweeping diagonally across toward a STORM DRAIN.
                         
          George races after, trying to grab the boat before it's
          swallowed up with all the rainwater. He SLIPS AND SPILLS to
          the blacktop, crying out in pain.
                         
          The PAPER BOAT surfs up to the drain, circles around twice,
          and goes in. George look ready to cry.
                         

                    Willy's gonna kill me.
                         
          He walks over to the drain and peers in, water falling into
          darkness. A dank hollow sound comes from within. Suddenly
                         
          EYES PEER BACK AT HIM -- from THE GREASY WHITE FACE OF A
          CLOWN. Not Bozo, or Ronald McDonald, but something more old
          world, freakish, like that of a 19th-century acrobat -- bald,
          lithe, almost child-like. Meet PENNYWISE aka BOB GRAY.
                         
          George recoils back, shocked by Pennywise's presence. A
          VOICE, a perfectly pleasant and reasonable voice, rises up.
                         

                    Hello, Georgie.
                         
          George looks around him.
                         
          An OLD WOMAN watches him from the kitchen window of a house
          just behind the drain.
                         
          CUT TO: POV from the OLD WOMAN's house. She turns her
          attention back to her cat, scraping out the wet innards of a
          can of tuna into a plate on the window sill.
                         

                    Lost something?

                         
                         
          George expression mellows from fear to child-like wonder,
          like he's seeing a circus bear balanced on a ball .
                         

                    How did you get down there?
                         

                    Me? Why the storm of course. Just
                    bleeeew me away. It blew the whole
                    circus away. How'd you like to join
                    the circus, Georgie?
                         
          The faint, off-key sound of CALLIOPE MUSIC can be heard.
          George inches closer to the storm drain.
                         

                    Is there cotton candy?
                         

                    Cotton candy? Oh yes. Cotton candy
                    and bearded women and elephant shit
                    and all the balloons a little boy
                    could want. You like balloons,
                    don't you Georgie?
                         

                    I sure do. Do they float?
                         
          George takes one last fatal step forward.
                         

                    Float? Oh indeed they do, Georgie.
                    Indeed they do. Everything down
                    here floats. And when you're down
                    here with us...
                         
          The clown's sing-songy voice curdles into something horrible,
          primal even, as George's arm is seized by Pennywise's
          unusually LONG arm and CLAW-like hand.
                         


                         
          George's SCREEEEEAAAAAM rings through the sewers as we...
                         
          CUT TO the OLD WOMAN's POV again. The cat devours its food,
          the old woman pleased with his appetite does not notice...
                         
          RACK FOCUS... Georgie's rag doll body flung left and right as
          Pennywise feeds on him and tries to pull him through the
          metal grate into the sewer.
                         


                         
                         
          Soaring, percussive MUSIC crescendos over a wide shot of
          glacier-cut mountains. Then, SILENCE.
                         

                         
                         


                         
          PAN OFF glacier-cut mountains to reveal the TOWN OF DERRY,
          MAINE, settled on a crosscut of the Penobscot River and
          Kenduskaeg stream. It's a sturdy, picturesque Northeastern
          town like any other, its rough-hewn industrial past bleeding
          through a gentrified, decaying present.
                         
          TILT STRAIGHT DOWN to HANLON ABATOIR
                         
          SEVERAL multi-acre, manure filled sheep pens stand empty.
          One has 50 sheep ready for slaughter, a path leading from the
          pen grows narrower as it feeds into an industrial complex
          designed for slaughter.
                         
                         

                         
          LEROY HANLON  works to move the sheep into line while
          his son MIKE HANLON  watches from behind him.
                         

                    Open the gate.
                         

                    I'm sick of this, dad.
                         

                    People need to eat.   Now open the
                    gate.
                         
          Mike opens the gate.
                         

                    How would you feel if you were one
                    of them?
                         
          Leroy, haunted by this thought answers gruffly-
                         

                    Humans aren't raised to be food.

                         
                         
          As if he were lying, that humans sometimes ARE raised for
          food.
                         
          The sheep flood into a thinner pathway leading to the
          interior of the complex. Leroy watches them as does Mike.
                         

                    Everyday, watching them stupidly
                    walk into that killing pen. This
                    isn't a normal kid's life. You
                    won't even let me go to school.
                         
                         

                         
          Leroy takes the cattle bolt, places it on the head of the
          first sheep. WOOMPH. The sheep drops dead.
                         

                    Now why would you want to be in
                    public school with the rest of
                    those people down below, in Derry?
                         
          He hands it to Mike, expectantly. Mike dispassionately takes
          the mechanism and approaches a sheep.
                         

                    Because I want to be in boring
                    classes with other boring kids and
                    draw pictures in text books and
                    play baseball and go to dances and
                    grind.
                         
          He places it on the head of the next sheep, but can't bring
          himself to pull the trigger.
                         
          Leroy does it for him.   WOOMPH.   The sheep drops dead.
                         

                    I know, son. I get it. But you
                    aren't like those people. We may
                    work with sheep, but those people
                    are sheep. Trust me.
                         
          The last point Leroy believes in like gospel.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Doors fling open and ROWDY 6TH, 7TH, and 8TH GRADERS spill
          out. Books are hurled in the trash, papers strewn all over
          the recess yard -- summer is officially commenced.

                         
                         
          Swept up among this madness is...
                         

                         
          Handsome, gangly, red-headed, the memory of his brother still
          fresh. He walks with his dorky friends, all talking over each
          other: EDDIE KASPBRAK, his EPI-PEN JR. (an adrenaline
          injector for kids with life-threatening allergies) holstered
          in his medicine-filled fannypack; STAN URIS , a trim and
          tidy Jewish kid who dresses like a mini-accountant; and
          RICHIE TOZIER, the neighbor with the walkie-talkie, a comic
          book and video game freak with bug-eye glasses.
                         

                       So how's it work?
                         

          What work?                        So long suckas!
                         
          Richie flips off the school.
                         

                       Richie!
                         

                       The ceremony. Your Bar Mitzvah.
                         

                       It makes you officially a man
                       right?
                         

          Kind of. I read verses. From      Then a seventh dimensional
          the Torah.                        door opens up and Stan here
                                            has to slay his Ronin master
                                            over a pit of death. He wins
                                            his schlong grows like six
                                            inches.
                         

                       Shit, I don't need a Bar Mitzvah
                       for that.
                         
          Richie howls.
                         

                       Just your mom's Cosmo.
                         

                       Marie Claire.

                         
                         

                    Vogue man. It's all perfumed. I put
                    on my 3-D glasses and it's like
                    you're there.
                         
          Richie "motor boats" the air in front of him.
                         
          ANGLE on a GROUP OF fashionably dressed GIRLS NEARBY. The
          bigger, heavier one of the group notices someone off screen.
                         

                    There's the ho-bag, now.
                         
          PAN to see BEVERLY MARSH  a dazzling cloud of auburn hair
          and lovely green-gray eyes. Her clothes aren't as nice as the
          group of popular girls, but she holds her head high.
                         

                    She's the one all the eighth grade
                    boys talk about.
                         

          They say she gives the best     Probably the only way she can
          bjs.                            afford those rags she wears.
                                          Give me your rings, Gretta.
                         
          Beverly sees the girls as Girl #1 puts Gretta's rings on her
          fingers. Sensing trouble, she turns around and ducks right
          back into school.
                         

                    Hey cock breath, come here!
                         
          PAN back to WILL and his dorky friends.   Eddie stops dead,

                         

                    Jesus, she's still here?
                         
          The RABBI'S WIFE, sleepless and desperate, lurks on the edge
          of school property, scanning the throngs of departing kids
          with desperate eyes. Next to her, a FRONT LAWN MARQUEE reads:
                         



                         

                    What do you think she's thinking?
                         

                    Maybe she expects her son to just
                    walk out of the school with the
                    rest of us.

                         
                         

                    Yeah right, Dorsey Coen's been
                    living in home ec these last three
                    weeks.
                         

                    They're not going to find him.
                         

                    Sure they will. In a ditch. All
                    decomposed, covered in worms and
                    maggots and smelling like your

                         
          Richie is CHECKED TO THE PAVEMENT by TRAVIS BOWERS , a
          sadistic tower of muscle. His glasses fall off and a pile of
          comics and video game magazines spill from his back pack.
                         

                    Sorry chode. Didn't see you.
                         
          Travis kicks the glasses away. His thug sidekicks laugh:
          SNATCH HUGGINS  and VICTOR
          CRISS  -- one a lunkhead oaf, another a perpetually
          giggly fire-starting sociopath, and the last one a scrap and
          scab junk yard dog type.
                         
          Victor grabs Stan's yarmulka and tosses it into the window of
          a departing bus.
                         

                    Frisbee, fuck nut.
                         
          Snatch burps in Eddie's face. Eddie wilts under the smell.
          Will scoops up the remains of Richie's glasses, smashed by
          the bus.
                         

                    You suck, Bowers!
                         
          Travis and his goons turn. They glare at Will menacingly.
                         

                    You say something?
                         
          Everyone around them stops and watches, waiting for Will to
          respond. Eddie gives Will a look to shut it. He does.
                         

                    Thought so. You got a free ride
                    this year because of your little
                    brother. But ride's over,
                    Denbrough.


                         

                    This summer's gonna be a hurt
                    train, for you and your faggot
                    friends.
                        
                    Let's roll. We got a lard ass to
                    find.
                         
                         

                         
          A door opens by the dumpsters and out peaks BEN HANSCOM ,
          the "lard ass" in question, making sure the coast is clear.
          He wears an oversized sweatshirt and a pair of girly high-
          waisted blue jeans.
                         

                    Soooo, you gonna let me go by or is
                    there a secret password or
                    something?
                         
          He turns to see Beverly.
                         

                    Sorry.
                         
          He steps aside. Beverly tip-toes past, lighting a cigarette
          like a pro.
                         

                    "Sorry"'s not much of a password.
                    Now "kittyhawk," that's a good one.
                         

                    Ballyhoo?
                         

                    Riproar.
                         

                    Barnburner.
                         
          Beverly smiles and offers Ben a smoke. He refuses. She shrugs
          and blows a smoke ring in his face.
                         

                    If you're worried about Bowers and
                    his merry band of a-holes hassling
                    you, don't. I saw them all leave
                    out front.
                         

                    Thanks.

                         
                         

                    You're the new kid right? I'm--
                         


                    Beverly Marsh.
                         
          A little too quick. His ears turn red with embarrassment.
                         

                    I just know `cuz we were in social
                    studies. Together, in the same
                    class. You know, like the
                    constitution test, and stuff.
                        (realizing he's vomiting

                    I'm Ben.
                         
          Bev smiles, knowingly. It's clear he likes her. Ben notices a
          FAINT YELLOW BRUISE on her forearm. Bev notices him noticing.
                         

                        
                    I slipped in the shower. What's
                    your excuse?
                         

                    I fell on three boxes of donuts.
                         
          Beverly laughs.
                         

                    Well, see ya around Ben from sosh
                    class. "Get laid in the shade."
                         

                    Uh, you too, Beverly. "Stay cool."
                         
          Ben watches her go, totally smitten.
                         


                         
                         

                         
          Dust collects on the piano in the living room. A stale quiet
          suffocates the house. The only sound the ticking of a clock
          and the distant yelling of playing children.

                         
                         

                         
          Will Denbrough laces his shoes. As he leaves his room, he
          notices the door to George's room is open, his FATHER, ZACH
          DENBROUGH , lost in thought notices him.
                         


                    Hey Champ. Going out to play?
                         

                    Yeah, Dad.
                         
          Will looks like he wants to say more, but doesn't have the
          words to articulate it.
                         
                         

                         
          Jumping down the stairs and rounding the corner, he sees his
          catatonic Mother, silhouetted by the midday light, sitting in
          the darkness, staring blankly at the piano.
                         

                    Hi, Ma.
                         
          Growing accustomed to his parent's lack of communication, he
          sifts through a PILE OF UNOPENED MAIL on the dining table and
          finds his report card. Opens it. All A's.
                         

                    I got my report card.
                         
          He holds the paper limply in his hands. She doesn't
          acknowledge him and instead gets up and slides the doors shut
          to the piano room.
                         
                         

                         
          Eddie, Richie, Will, and Stan scramble in the front door like
          feral animals. An enormous 300-pound woman sits in the living
          room doing a puzzle on her own stomach. SONIA KASPBRAK .
                         

                    Hi Mom.
                         

                    Mrs. Kaspbrak.
                         

                    Ma'am.

                         
                         

                         
          They raid the kitchen, stuffing Capri Suns, Ding Dongs,
          whatever snacks they can find into their backpacks. Mrs.
          Kaspbrak calls from the room.
                         

                    Eddie-bear, where are you boys off
                    to?
                         

                    Eddie-bear?
                         
          Will elbows him.
                         

                    Just my backyard, Mrs. K. We got a
                    new, uh, badminton set.
                         

                    Okay. Just don't go rolling around
                    too much on that grass, sweetie.
                    Especially if it's just been cut.
                    You know how your allergies get.
                         

                    Yes, ma.
                         

                    Isn't he cute, boys? So cute.
                         
          She wiggles her fat toes at him. He's mortified.
                         

                    Cutest boy we know, Mrs. Kaspbrak.
                         

                    The Miss America of cute boys.
                    Seriously.
                         

                    Bye ma.
                         
          Fast as they came the boys blow out the front door.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Rich, and Eddie speed past the library.

                         
                         

                         
          All green globes, curving iron staircases, and shadowy charm.
          A librarian, MRS. STARRET  places a stack of books in
          front of Ben.
                         

                      Isn't it summer vacation? I would
                      think you'd be ready to take a
                      break from the books.
                         

                      I like it in here. It's--
                         
          He glances at a newspaper behind her: "BODY FOUND NEAR CANAL
          NOT THAT OF COEN YOUTH, BORTON ANNOUNCES." Safe.
                         

                      Inspiring.
                         
          Mrs. Starret smiles sweetly at this large boy.
                         

                      Well, even with all this terrible
                      disappearing of kids business, a
                      boy should be with his friends,
                      outside, having fun.
                         
          She starts stamping his books.      CHUCHUNP.
                         


                      I'll try, Mrs. Starret.
                         

                         

                      What are all these for anyway?
                         

                         

                      I'm reading about the history of
                      this place. You know how many
                      spooky things have--
                         

                      Excuse me, miss?
                         
          A ONE-ARMED OLD MAN comes up behind them wearing a U.S.S.
          Indianapolis cap.
                         

                      Where's the children's section?

                         
                         
          CHUCHUMP.   Mrs. Starret slides Ben his stack of books.
                         
                         

                         
          Beverly opens her fridge. There's nothing in it but a
          plastic jug of margarine, some half-molded white bread, and
          suspect milk. She sniffs the milk.
                         
                         

                         
          Beverly sips the milk, leaving a wholesome white mustache on
          her upper lip. She looks up to see...
                         
          Her Mother, MRS. MARSH , a former prom queen long since
          faded, watching her. Studying her.
                         

                      Bev.
                         

                      Yeah, Mommy?
                         
          Mrs. Marsh sounds like she might be on sedatives.
                         

                      You had your monthly, yet?
                         

                      What Mommy?
                         

                      Bleeding, between your legs?
                         
          Disgusted, Beverly shrinks.
                         

                      No.    Why?
                         

                      Soon, soon I figure.       And then
                      you'll be a woman.
                         
          She sits down next to Beverly, grasping with her clammy palms
          Beverly's free hand.
                         

                      When it happens, once every 27
                      days, you'll bleed, and you'll
                      bleed the most right before the
                      end.

                         
                         
          Beverly, squeamishly tries to remove her hand from her
          mother's, but the harder she pulls away the harder the Mother
          holds onto her.
                         

                    I want you to go to the pharmacy
                    today. To be prepared. You'll
                    need to buy these.
                         
          Mrs. Marsh holds up a BLOODY TAMPON from a string.
                         
                         

                         
          The Rabbi and Stan read the TORAH. Stan is repeating and
          learning pronunciation of the words for his Bar Mitzvah.
                         
          He starts to lose attention as he looks around the ornate
          room and the beams of light fingering out from the windows.
                         

                    Are you paying attention?
                         

                    Yes, sir.
                         

                    Pay attention, son. This is
                    important. This is about you
                    becoming a man.
                         

                    I am. I'm taking this very
                    seriously Rabbi.
                         
          The Rabbi removes his glasses and looks at Stan.   His
          thoughts carry him away.
                         

                    Not everyone gets this opportunity,
                    Stanley.
                         
          Stanley nods.
                         

                    My son, God bless him, might never
                    get a bar mitzvah. Do you realize
                    that?
                         
          The Rabbi squares up to Stanley, holding both of his
          shoulders.

                         
                         

                    We may never see him again, he may
                    be dead now. And death is forever,
                    Stanley, you don't come back from
                    death.
                         
          Stanley nods as the Rabbi starts to tear up. He pulls
          Stanley in close to him, as if Stanley were his own long lost
          son. Stanley, pressed against the Rabbi can hardly breath.
                         

                    Rabbi, I need to go pee.
                         
          The Rabbi cries.
                         

                    Rabbi, can I go pee please?
                         
          The Rabbi stops, distances himself from Stan again and looks
          deep into his eyes.
                         

                    Of course.
                         
          He lets him go.
                         
                         

                         
          Stanley walks down the old, molding stone stairs to the
          basement of the synogogue. It's a rounded staircase that
          spirals into the deeper foundations of the building.
                         
          He can't find the bathroom, but he does see the Mikveh--a
          cleansing room for the women of a synogogue during their
          monthlies. It drips water and is lit by a spare light bulb.
                         
                         

                         
          Stanley walks in, knowing no one is watching him and unzips
          his pants to relieve himself in the pool of water.
                         
          Suddenly, he notices something bubbling from below.   A NAKED
          WOMAN, her pale white skin glowing from the light.
                         
          He backs away and quickly zips up his pants.
                         
          The woman rises to the surface, exhaling a long held breath
          of air. She dries the water from her eyes and looks at
          Stanley, not at all bothered by her nakedness or Stanley's
          witnessing of it.

                         
                         

                    You like looking at my body?
                         


                         

                    It's okay, I won't tell anyone.
                         
          She looks down towards her privates, still below the water.
                         

                    Do you want to see the rest of me?
                         
          Her hands slowly move towards her pussy, touching herself.
          Stanley starts to back away.
                         

                    I should probably be getting back-
                         

                    You're going to be a man soon,
                    won't you? I'll show you mine if
                    you show me yours.
                         
          She starts to get out of water.
                         
          ANGLE FROM BEHIND her as she steps out of the water, towards
          him. The naked woman's back is full of sores and bleeding,
          her butt shredded and rotten.
                         
          And as she rises from the water, we see that her legs have
          been reduced to bones and gristle.
                         

                    Come here Stanley, come float with
                    me.
                         
          Stanley trips over himself back peddling. He turns around
          and jets out of the room just as the naked woman lunges.
                         
                         

                         
          Stanley runs up and into the arms of DORSEY COEN'S MOTHER,
          breathless. He looks up at her and SCREAMS and runs out of
          the building. The Mother looks at the Rabbi, perplexed. He
          shrugs and cleans up from their study session.
                         
                         

                         
          Ben sits at a table of six by himself, flipping through books
          on DERRY'S HISTORY.

                         
                         

          MURDERS, MASSACRES, it gets more and more violent. Glancing
          up, he sees...
                         
          The one-armed old man plunk a NICKEL into a jar and take a
          STAMPED POST CARD from a tray by the door. A poster there

                         


                         
                         

                         
          Ben sits on the steps, POSTCARD in his lap. He clicks a pen
          open and, brow furled in concentration, dashes off a HAIKU.
                         

                        
                    Your hair is winter fire,

                    My heart burns there, too.
                         
                         

                         
          Ben is about to the drop the postcard into a MAILBOX when has
          second thoughts. He holds it just over the slot. We see that
          it's addressed to: MISS BEVERLY MARSH, LOWER MAIN STREET,
          DERRY MAINE, ZONE 2. Ben closes his eyes, steels his courage
                         

                         

                    Hello hot tits.
                         
          Travis, Snatch, Hockstettler, and Victor prowl toward him.
          Ben bolts, ass swinging back and forth like a girl. Travis
          and his gang take off after him...
                         
                         

                         
          It's no contest. Ben rounds the corner and just makes THE
          KISSING BRIDGE, a historic covered wooden bridge carved with
          thousands of hearts crossing right where the canal turns into
          the wild, untamed barrens, KENDUSKAEG STREAM rushing below.
                         

                    Gotcha!
                         
          They snag Ben and fling him against the railing. Travis flips
          up his sweatshirt, exposing his fat belly, and slaps it hard.
          Ben screams like a rabbit, whipsawing back and forth.

                         
                         

                    Look at that gut!
                         

                    Sounds like a pig. Don't he sound
                    just like a pig?
                         
          Victor SQUEALS like a pig in Ben's face.
                         

                    You better quit, I swear.
                         
          Travis pulls a BUCK KNIFE from his jeans. Ben's eyes go wide.
                         

                    Or what? You'll go crying to mama?
                    I'll give you something to cry
                    about.
                         
          Ben looks around for help. A CAR comes slowly down the
          street. Travis hides the knife, pressing its steel against
          Ben's white belly.
                         

                    Go ahead. Yell. You'll be picking
                    your fucking intestines off your
                    sneakers.
                         
          The OLD COUPLE behind the wheel CATCH EYES WITH BEN, see his
          tears, and STEP ON THE ACCELERATOR. Ben sees A CLOWN riding
          in the back seat, grinning -- PENNYWISE.
                         

                    Okay, tits. It's exam time. First
                    question: when I say `Let me copy'
                    during finals what do you say?
                         

                    Yes! I say yes! Okay! Copy all you
                    want!
                         

                    That's good. Now how can we make
                    sure that sticks?
                         


                         
          In two quick motions Travis SLASHES A BRIGHT RED "T" in Ben's
          belly.
                         
          Snatch and Victor laugh.    Hockstettler pulls out his lighter
          and a can of hairspray.

                         
                         

                      Let me light his head on fire like
                      Michael Jackson.
                         
          Hockstettler jettisons a fireball with his make-shift flame
          thrower, just past Ben's head.
                         

                      No! Hold him. I'm gonna carve my
                      entire name on his cottage cheese
                      filled ass.
                         
          Ben is too shocked to scream. He looks over his shoulder at
          the stream behind him, then back at Travis's bloody blade.
                         

                      Now say it with me. What comes
                      after T?
                         
          Ben plants his heel in Travis's chest and launches himself
          backward over the railing, out of the grip of Victor and
          Snatch. Travis is knocked back on his ass onto the pavement.
                         
                         

                         
          Ben tumbles down the culvert, fetching up hard against a
          fallen tree. He picks himself up, eye to eye with
                         

                         

                      Oh, you're dead, tits.
                         
          Travis comes leaping over the railing with the knife, Victor
          and Snatch right behind. Ben grabs the hub cap and HURLS IT
                         
          PELTING Travis IN THE FACE
                         
          Travis trips up, taking down Victor and Snatch with him. They
          all splash down in the stream, where Travis LOSES THE KNIFE.
                         
          Ben darts off across the water into a thicket of woods.
                         

                         
          Travis gropes around for his lost knife, suddenly hysterical.
                         

                      My knife, Goddamn it! I lost my
                      daddy's knife!
                         
          Victor and Snatch help Travis search the stream, their hands
          passing right by where the BLADE IS WEDGED UNDER A LOG.

                         
                         

                         
          Another boy's hand fishes around under water and grasps upon
          something. ON Will as he PULLS OUT A SNEAKER. Behind him...
                         
          RICHIE and STAN throw branches, rocks, whatever into the
          middle of the stream trying to DAM IT UP.
                         

                    C'mon Eds get your ass down here
                    and help.
                         
          EDDIE paces the embankment with their shoes and socks and
          backpacks. He looks anxious.
                         

                    No way. There's sixty million
                    diseases in that stream. It's gray
                    water.
                         

                    What's gray water?
                         

                    Tell `em Will. Your dad works for
                    the public works.
                         
          Will is studying the sneaker.
                         

                    It's like where all the wash water
                    and storm drain runoff goes.
                         

                    Sewer water. Pee and poop. I'm
                    telling you guys you're splashing
                    around in Derry's toilet.
                         
          Richie and Eddie shrug and continue building their dam.
                         

                    Smells alright to me.
                         

          Guys?                             Seriously. I don't know why
                                            we're down here. There's
                                            poison ivy and mosquitos and
                                            God knows what else could get
                                            us sick. Not to mention we're
                                            all alone down here. What if
                                            we run into that psycho who's
                                            been picking off kids.

                         
                         

          Guys--                          I overheard my mom talking to
                                          my aunt in Bangor. She says
                                          it's a sex fiend. Some
                                          drifter. But no one from
                                          Derry. Couldn't be.
                         

                    Guys! Shut up!
                         
          They all shut up and turn to Will.
                         

                    Whatcha got there Willy boy?
                         
          Will comes sloshing up. He flips Richie the sneaker.
                         

                    Look inside.
                         
          Richie does. "DORSEY COEN" is written in black marker.
                         

                    Son of a--
                         
          Richie tosses it to Stan who drops it like a hot potato.
                         

                    Stan, you idiot.
                         

                    Sorry.
                         

                    What's the big deal? It's just a
                    sneaker.
                         
          Will has to fish it back out of the water.
                         

                    It's Dorsey Coen's sneaker.
                         

                    Shit. This isn't good, guys. This
                    seriously isn't good. We should go.
                         

                    How do you think Dorsey feels?
                    Running around these woods with
                    only one friggin' shoe.
                         

                    If he's still running.

                         
                         

                    What if... he's still around here?
                         
          They all lock eyes. Will and Richie come to a decision. They
          pick up sticks and start sloshing down stream where the shoe
          was found. Stan stays frozen.
                         

                    Dorsey!
                         

                    Dorsey!
                         

                    Guys-- Guys stop. We're gonna get
                    in trouble.
                         

                    For what?
                         

                    I don't know. Disturbing evidence.
                    Contaminating a scene. We should
                    just mark where we found the shoe
                    and leave an anonymous note to
                    Chief Borton. My mom would have a
                    major cow if she knew I was playing
                    down here, I kid you not.
                         

                    Shit, Eds you get within twenty
                    feet of a peanut she has a whole
                    herd. I don't want to think what
                    she'll have if you come home with
                    another kid's corpse.
                         

                    That's not funny, Richie. That's so
                    not funny. Will, please.
                         

                    I'm with Richie. If I were Dorsey
                    I'd want us to look for me.
                         

                    Fine. You guys can do what you want
                    but I'm going. I have no interest
                    in seeing the muddy mangled body of

                         
          He turns to see BEN STUMBLE FROM THE WOODS all bloody. Eddie
          screams and sloshes out into the stream he was so assiduously
          avoiding.

                         
                         
          They all see Ben.
                         

                    Holy friggin' Moses. What happened
                    to you?
                         
          BEN COLLAPSES on the river bank. The boys rush to his side.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike streaks past homes and businesses on his bike, riding
          into THE CENTER OF DOWNTOWN. He carries a package of MEAT on
          his bike.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike makes his delivery and gets cash from MR. COSTELLO, the
          grocer.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike deposits the money and takes a free lollypop from the
          teller.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike steps outside, throws up the kick, and pushes his bike
          out into the street. Will's crew WHOOSHES PAST on their
          bikes, Will and Eddie, and Stan and bloody Ben riding double.
                         

                    Heads up, homeschool!
                         

                    Eat me, townie!
                         
                         

                         
          Travis, Snatch, Victor, and Hockstettler are still looking
          for the knife in the water under the bridge.
                         

                    It probably got washed away,
                    Travis.
                         
          Travis grabs Victor by his collar and growls in his face.

                         
                         

                    It ain't been washed away.     It's
                    been stolen.
                         

                    Stolen, by who?
                         
          Travis points up the embankment at Mike, biking home over the
          bridge.
                         

                    That nigger right there.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike bikes home, sucking on the lollypop, when he notices
          something coming up fast behind him.
                         
          TRAVIS and his boys in a beat up Trans Am.
                         
          He starts peddling faster. Sees the KITCHENER IRONWORKS sign
          ahead and skids right down its path towards the ghostly
          titanic ruin.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike looks around for a place to hide, a bird spooking off
          from the twisted carcass of the factory building. The
          Penobscot River flows behind.
                         
          Travis and his boys skid to a stop in the field, machinery
          blocks their pursuit by car so they jump out on foot.
                         
          Mike finds a SMOKESTACK laying in shattered sections in the
          grass. He stares into its big black bore, picks up a loose
          tile, and pitches it in. It lands with a faint echo in the
          darkness.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis, Snatch, Victor and Hockstettler search for Mike in
          the SKELETAL REMAINS of the old ironworks structure itself,
          an open wound of twisted iron beams.
                         
          Oblivious to any danger other than their own volatile
          potential, we get a sense that around every corner, some
          ominous figure is just ducking out of sight.
                         
          Mike clocks them from inside the smokestack, the dodges
          around the perimeter of the ironworks structure.

                         
                         
          He nears the CELLAR HOLD, a yawning chasm on the edge of the
          ruins. Sees a Derry Historical Society PLAQUE:
                         





                         
          PENNYWISE appears across the cellar hold OVER HIS SHOULDER.
          When Mike looks up from reading Pennywise IS GONE.
                         
          Mike looks back across the weedy field to THE FENCE, his bike
          still leaned against it. It seems a million miles off.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis and the boys continue to explore the far side of the
          factory, sensing Mike may have made a run for the river.
                         
                         

                         
          Sensing an opportunity, Mike books it back to his bike.
                         
                         

                         
          Hockstettler notices something off screen.    Walks towards it.
                         
          Following Hockstettler we see what he sees: a lone BALLOON,
          as if just leaving the grasp of a child, floating up in the
          air.
                         

                    What the fuh...
                         
          He looks back at Travis and the others, who are sniffing out
          the weeds near the river.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike gets to his bike and starts pushing it up the hill. He
          looks back towards the factory. Travis and his boys still
          haven't come back to their car. Mike pedals home.

                         
                         

                         
          Travis, angry they didn't find Mike huffs back across the
          field, throwing a piece of scrap pipe he found against a
          giant corrugated wall. The entire factory vibrates with the
          gonging sound.
                         

                    Let's go! That jungle monkey ain't
                    here no more.
                         
          Travis walks obliviously past AN EASTER EGG, smeared with
          bloody fingerprints, but Hockstettler sees it, picks it up.
                         

                    I'm staying.
                         
          The three of them turn towards Hockstettler like he's insane.
                         

                    Why?
                         

                    I don't know.

                    I want to see its insides.
                         
          He points towards the door leading to the dark innards of the
          factory.
                         

                    You guys want to come?
                         


                    Why the- Hell no. You mental?
                    This place gives me the creeps.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis and the others load up and peel off in their car.
                         
          Hockstettler watches them leave, a cloud of dust in their
          place, then turns towards the darkest parts of the factory,
          as if pulled deeper into the core unconsciously.
                         
          ANGLE OVER CELLAR HOLD, Hockstettler peers in.   He grabs a
          handhold and sways over its cavernous depth.
                         
          HOCKSTETTLER'S POV: Nothing but darkness.
                         
          Hockstettler takes out his lighter and hairspray, launching a
          fire ball that illuminates the cavern below.

                         
                         
          Monoliths of rusted machinery, half-submerged in stagnant
          puddles of black mud.
                         
          And for an instance, a CLOWN.   Pennywise. Then blackness
          again.
                         
          Hockstettler saw IT, but doesn't believe it. He unleashes
          another fire ball. For a second we see the faces of DEAD
          CHILDREN amongst the monoliths.
                         
          Hockstettler isn't sure if he's seen right. He walks in, the
          hair rising on the back of his neck.
                         
                         

                         
          Hockstettler carefully maneuvers his way down into the hold.
          His feet, blindly tapping for purchase.
                         

                    I ain't afraid. Any you ghosts
                    down here can't hurt me.
                         
          As if it were a mantra, to make himself feel less scared.
                         

                    I seen ghosts. I did them in their
                    butt holes.
                         
          And out of the darkness...
                         

                    Did they float?
                         
          He freezes.   Did he hear that or was that in his head?
                         

                    I, I-   Who's there?
                         
          Hockstettler lights a ball of hair spray, it illuminates the
          walls near him, but nothing far away.
                         

                    There's no one down here. There's
                    no one that can hurt me.
                         
          He moves down deeper. Lights the hair spray again, and for
          second, we think we glimpsed, deeper in the shadows,
          Pennywise.
                         


                    Patrick... Answer me.

                         
                         
          Now sure he's heard something, Patrick stops. His breathing
          starts to rapidly increase. He wants to back up, but he's
          frozen.
                         
          He lifts up his hair spray can, finger shaking on the plastic
          nozzle, he lifts the lighter. CLINK. The flint lights up
          the small flame. Sputtering in the flowing air in the
          cellar. His breathing is arrhythmic, compressed.
                         

                    Because down here, we all float.
                         
          He sprays. The flame spits out and out of the darkness,
          PENNYWISE the clown leaps onto Hockstettler, tumbling him
          into the cellar hold, he drops the lighter and hairspray,
          which rolls down to the feet of a child. A DEAD CHILD.
                         
                         

                         
          The pack of boys, Will, Richie, Ben, and Eddie come biking
          down Center Street and swing into RICHARD'S ALLEY. They jump
          off, bikes clattering to the pavement.
                         

                    Okay Richie, you and...
                         

                    Ben.
                         

                    Ben stay here. We'll get some
                    bandages and stuff.
                         
          Will and Eddie race in, leaving Ben and Richie in the alley
          which is emblazoned with a COLORFUL MURAL about the FBI's
          ambush of the infamous Bradley Gang, a celebrated slice of
          Derry town history.
                         

                    Thanks for helping me.
                         

                    You're not the only one on Bower's
                    shitlist.
                         
          Ben nods, grateful for the company. He notices in the mural,
          in one of the windows, a CLOWN watches the ambush with glee.
                         
                         

                         
          Eddie snatches cotton balls and antiseptic and bandages off
          the shelf like an expert. He checks the prices.

                         
                         

                    Woah, that's a lot of money. Will?
                         
          Will pulls out one crumbled dollar.
                         

                    All I got.     You got an account here
                    don't you?
                         

                    You crazy? My mom finds out I
                    bought this stuff for myself I'll
                    have to spend the whole weekend in
                    the emergency room getting x-rayed.
                         

                    Well we need to do something. That
                    kid out there looks like someone
                    killed him.
                         
          They glance at the mirror where MR. KEENE  the grumpy,
          eagle-eyed pharmacist watches them like a hawk.
                         

                    You consider a diversion?
                         
          They all turn to Beverly, who stands there sly and smiling.
                         

                    Huh?
                         

                    Your friend there. He has that
                    thingy he always carries around in
                    his cute little fannypack right?
                         

                    My EpiPen Jr.?
                         

                    Yeah. For when he spazzes out.
                         

                    I don't spaz. Those are allergic
                    reactions. Life threatening
                    allergic reactions.
                         

                    Whatever. The point is he has a
                    track record right? Of spazzing
                    out.
                         



                         
                         

                    Eds, shut up. She's on to
                    something.
                         
                         

                         
          Mr. Keene fills prescriptions. Eddie flops out of the aisle
          clutching his throat. Will and Beverly run out after.
                         

                    Oh no. Eddie! Eddie!
                         

                    I knew I shouldn't `a given him
                    that granola. Mr. Keene!
                         

                    You guys know the drill, don't you?
                         
          Will fishes the EPI-PEN from the fanny pack.
                         

                    I'm a pacifist.
                         

                    My mom doesn't like me handling
                    needles.
                         
          Annoyed, Keene comes out from behind the counter. He kneels
          next to Eddie and takes the pen, plunging it into his thigh.
          Will screens Beverly as she SHOPLIFTS THE SUPPLIES and SLIPS
          OUT THE STORE. Eddie opens his eyes, breathing normal.
                         

                    Thanks, Mr. Keene.   That one was a
                    real shit kicker.
                         
                         

                         
          Will and Eddie race out laughing. Bev is waiting on the curb
          to meet them. She flips Will the stolen goods.
                         

                    Not bad for a bunch of amateurs.
                         
          She flashes a pack of STOLEN CIGARETTES and struts off
          towards her house. THEY LOVE THIS GIRL. Will closes Eddie's
          mouth and they hustle round the corner into RICHARD'S ALLEY.
                         

                    We got it!

                         
                         
          He flips Ben his medicine. Stan runs up from behind, still
          looking blanched from his synogogue experience.
                         

                    Shit Stan, what happened to you?
                    You look like you've seen a ghost.
                         

                    Nothing.
                         
          He sees Ben there, looking like a train wreck.
                         

                    What happened to him?
                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON A CLOSE-UP of the "Coen shoe" placed on a desk in
          front of CHIEF BORTON and OFFICER BOWERS, Travis' hillbilly
          father. Will is alone in the room with them while--
                         
                         

                         
          Ben, all bandaged up, looks on with Eddie, Richie, and Stan
          as Will speaks to the police officers.
                         

                    Beverly was there?
                         

                    Yeah.
                         

                    And she stole this stuff for me?
                         
          Stanley wants Ben to shut up, but Ben is beyond excited.
                         

                    Did she know it was for me?
                         

                    I don't think she even knows you're
                    alive man.
                         

          Yes she does.                   What's going on in there?
                         

                    What do you think? He's handing `em
                    the kid's shoe. It's riveting.
                         
          Ben checks his Timex, cracked but working.

                         
                         

                     Takes a lickin' and keeps on
                     tickin', huh?
                         

                     My mom gave it to me so I wouldn't
                     be late for curfew.
                         

                     I think he means you, Big Ben.
                         
          The boys shove him playfully.   Ben shoves back.
                         

                     It's funny, `til the last week I
                     didn't think anyone knew my name.
                         

                     You're pretty friggin' hard to
                     miss.
                         

                     Guys, you think whoever kidnapped
                     Dorsey might of, I dunno... got
                     Georgie too?
                         

          If he creeps in storm drains,    Who's Georgie?
          maybe.
                         

                     Will's little brother. Or was.
                     Before your time.
                         

                     Will won't talk about it but the
                     kid's arm got ripped clean off in a
                     flash flood or something.
                         
          Richie turns towards Stan, who's been unnaturally quiet this
          whole time.
                         

                     Cat got your tongue?
                         

                     What?
                         

          Why are you so quiet?            What's Chief Borton going to
                                           do with a shoe?
                         

          I'm not.   I'm listening.        A storm drain. Crazy.

                         
                         
          Will steps out.
                         

                    Well?
                         

                    What did he say?
                         

                    Nothing. Thanked me for being a
                    good young citizen.
                         

                    So let's get outta here. Police
                    stations always make me feel guilty
                    of something.
                         
                         

                         
          The five losers bike home, Will and Eddie, Stan and Ben
          riding double. Will skids up to a chain link fence by the
          rail yards. Eddie jumping off to take his usual short cut.
          They all splinter off their different ways.
                         

                    Later days.
                         

                    Barrens? Don't fag out.
                         

                    Fag you later.
                         
                         

                         
          Will lays out on the carpet in front of the TV, eating ice
          cream from a carton. His parents sit on opposite ends of the
          couch like bookends, father flips through a Popular
          Mechanics. His mom stares at the TV, her mind elsewhere.
          There seems to be no connection between any of them.
                         

                    I found something today.
                         
          No response. Finally his Mom stirs.
                         

                    You say something honey?
                         

                    That missing Coen boy. I found a
                    clue.

                         
                         
          His parents flash looks.
                         

                    Stay out of it, Will. Let the
                    police handle these things.
                         
          They go back to watching TV. Will tries for some sort of
          connection.
                         

                    What about Arcadia?
                         
          His dad stops mid flip, all the air going out of the room.
                         

                    We haven't talked about our park
                    trip at the end of the summer.
                    Usually by now we're all looking at
                    the brochure together. We have so
                    much fun there every--
                         
          Will's dad throws the magazine down.
                         

                    Enough.
                         
          He storms out to his workshop. Sharon is too upset to look
          her son in the eye.
                         

                    What did I say?
                         

                    Nothing... Your father, it's just
                    too much to deal with right now.
                         

                    I'll mow lawns. Paint fences.
                    Whatever.
                         

                    It's not that.
                         
          She loses it for a moment, then composes herself.
                         

                    Your brother just looked forward to
                    this trip so much. That park was
                    his favorite place in the world.
                         
          She takes Will's carton and retreats into the kitchen. Will
          is left all alone, TV blaring, spoon hanging over nothing.

                         
                         

                    Mine too.
                         
                         

                         
          A slummy apartment over Lower Main Street. A Red Sox game
          blares on from somewhere down the hall. We track down the
          hallway and PAN just as Beverly starts to unzip her pants and
          close the door.
                         
                         

                         
          Beverly finishes peeing. She reaches for toilet paper but
          there isn't any. She rifles through the toiletries under the
          old fashioned sink basin looking for anything she can use-
                         

                    Help me.
                         
          Beverly looks around for the voice, startled.
                         

                    Help me, Beverly.
                         
          It comes from THE SINK DRAIN, above her head.
                         
          She stands, her pants still around her ankles, leaning
          forward over the basin, looking down into the dark void.
                         

                    Is s-someone there?
                         
          Nothing. BEV'S EYE PEERS DOWN THROUGH THE CIRCLE OF LIGHT.
                         

                    We all want to meet you, Beverly.
                         
          She gasps, backpedaling, pulling up her pants.
                         

                    Who are you?
                         
          The single voice turns into a cacophony, bubbling up through
          the ages.
                         

                    I'm Matthew... I'm Dorsey... I'm
                    Veronica... I'm Georgie... Come
                    play with us down here... Come play
                    with the clown... You'll float,
                    Beverly. Oh how you'll float...

                         
                         
          Terrified, Beverly dashes out.
                         
                         

                         
          Bev finds HER FATHER  asleep in front of the TV, still
          in his janitor's uniform from Derry Home Hospital. His
          toolbelt is thrown up on the coffee table.
                         
          She tip-toes over and steals the TAPE MEASURER.
                         
                         

                         
          Beverly stands over the sink basin, tape measurer in hand.
          The voice is silent.
                         
          She unfurls the tape into the drain, its tip disappearing
          into the void.
                         
          FOOT BY FOOT she snakes the tape into the drain, until it's
          fully extended at 20 feet. She waits for a voice. Nothing.
                         
          Slowly, she begins to reel the tape back in, counting down
          the length as it winds back in. 16 feet... 15 feet... 14
          feet... AT 13 FEET VISCOUS BLOOD COATS THE TAPE.
                         
          BEVERLY GASPS and drops the measurer. It goes clattering into
          the sink, the tape coiling up like a snake, blood flickering
          everywhere as she stumbles back, tripping into the shower.
                         

                         
          Like a demonic ejaculation -- blood splatters the mirror, the
          wallpaper, bouncing off walls and covering Beverly. She
          SCREAMS and runs out the door...
                         
                         

                         
          ...into her father, who comes charging up the hall. She
          screams again, recoiling away.
                         

                    What the devil's gotten into you,
                    girl?
                         

                    The bathroom! Daddy, in the

                         
          His arm shoots out and GRABS HER WRIST LIKE A VICE.

                         
                         

                    Someone peeking at you, Bevvie?
                    Huh?
                         

                    No... the sink... in the sink...
                         
          He stalks past, dragging her behind him. They step into...
                         
                         

                         
          Mr. Marsh looks around, eyes wide, blood splattered
          everywhere, but the blood doesn't register with him.
                         
          He shoves her against the wall. Hard.
                         

                    You know I hate gettin' rough with
                    you. I never do when you don't
                    deserve it.
                         
          He points back to the gory sink.
                         

                    What's my tape measurer doin' outta
                    my toolbelt?
                         
          He steps over and grabs the BLOOD-COATED TAPE, clipping it
          onto his belt, blood on his hands now too. He doesn't seem
          to see any of it. Only Beverly can. She realizes this.
                         

                    Answer me girl.
                         
          He raises his hand.
                         

                    The sink... I was... I thought I
                    saw a spider...
                         
          Uncertain whether he'll hit her anyway, she closes her eyes
          and prepares for a smacking.
                         


                    A spider?
                         

                    Yes, sir. I'm sorry for waking you.
                         
          He lowers his hand, gentle now, proprietary.

                         
                         

                    I worry about you, Bevvie. I worry
                    a lot.
                         
          Smoothing out her hair over her forehead. The blood on her
          face like finger paint. This is when he scares her the most.
                         

                    You know why I don't drink or smoke
                    or chase after women like other
                    fathers do?
                         

                    Because you love momma?
                         

                    Not just her, Bevvie. You. You're
                    almost a woman now, too. And I got
                    me all I need right here at home.
                         
          He rests his forehead against hers, breathes in her scent,
          goes back down the hall to his game.
                         
                         

                         
          ANGLE ON a wet, dark spot as it grows on a white plaster
          ceiling, the first droplet of water forming. SLOW MOTION as
          it breaks away and falls through space...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          ...onto Will's head. He doesn't stir. But then it is
          followed by SEVERAL OTHERS. Finally, he awakes. Looks up.
                         
          A leak in the ceiling.
                         
          Will flips back his covers.
                         
                         

                         
          Will grabs a bucket from a utility closet and, walking back,
          sees Georgie's room's door open...
                         
                         

                         
          Will enters, the room frozen in time. GEORGIE'S TOY BOX is
          open. Photographs and posters line the walls.

                         
                         
          STAR WARS bedsheets crisp and military tight on the bed.    A
          Lego Turtle on the night stand. Will picks it up.
                         
          Will sits down, Turtle in hand, and indulges in the sadness
          that has engulfed his home for months. The loss of his
          brother hitting him full force, he closes his eyes to fight
          back the tears, but cannot.
                         
          He cries for George. Photographs of George, illuminated by
          passing cars, seem to watch him from the walls.
                         
          A SHADOW seems to stretch across Georgie's room from the
          doorway.
                         
          Will looks up but no one is there.
                         
                         

                         
          Will steps out of George's room and finds DARK FOOTPRINTS IN
          THE CARPET. He leans down and touches one -- squishy and
          wet. They track down the dark staircase.
                         
          Will, heart pounding, follows the wet footprints down the
          stairs, careful not to step in any of them.
                         

                    Hello?   Dad?
                         
                         

                         
          At the bottom of the stairs Will finds the footprints lead

                         

                    Ma?
                         
          Will sees a YELLOW FLASH of something ducking around the
          corner. Startled, Will drops the Lego turtle, which smashes
          into pieces and scatters across the wood floor...
                         


                         
          Will looks back up the stairs half-expecting his parents to
          wake up. Nothing but an eerie silence. He gathers his courage
          and follows the wet footprints into...

                         
                         

                         
          Will steps in, face to face with THE CELLAR DOOR, the door
          creaking closed, light snapped on behind it, footprints
          disappearing down into the cellar.
                         


                    Georgie?
                         


                         
          Will slowly approaches the door and reaches out for the
          handle, but stops with second thoughts. He starts backing
          away, too spooked to go down, when he hears...
                         
          A CHILD WEEPING BEYOND THE DOOR, then...
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Will opens the door, rickety stairs leading down into
          darkness, the weeper somewhere in the recesses, along with
          the steady sound of a LEAK.
                         
          Steeling himself, Will descends. He gets to the last few
          rungs and is thrown off for a moment seeing HIS REFLECTION in
          the basement floor, as if it were A BLACK MIRROR. He realizes
                         

                         
          Will looks up toward the leak/weeping sound and sees, curled
          in the same corner where we had that opening POV...
                         

                         
          Rain rolling off him like he's still in a storm flooding the
          cellar. He looks up at Will.
                         

                    Why'd you make me go, Willy?
                         

                    Georgie?
                         
          Will moves to step into the water when he hesitates, holding
          his foot over it. He looks to Georgie whose expression of
          distress seems insincere.
                         

                    Help me, Willy.

                         
                         
          Will grabs a rake from the wall and pokes its tip into the
          water. It's a good six inches deep.
                         

                    You'll float.
                         
          Water and muck pour from his mouth as he says these last
          words, an endless cascade.
                         
          Will recoils. Georgie glides over the water towards Will, and
          we realize there is a creature beyond it, the colors of a
          clown's costume, PENNYWISE, propping up Georgie's body like a

                         
          Horrified, Will races up the stairs as...
                         
          PENNYWISE crosses the flooded basement and scuffles up the
          steps after Will, arms and legs splayed out like a charging
          crocodile, Georgie's limp corpse strapped to his back.
                         
          Will slams the door on Pennywise's/Georgie's gross face.
                         
                         

                         
          Will slams the door of his room and hides in his bed.
          Panting. The DOOR KNOB starts to rattle.
                         
          Drip. Will looks up. The leak from the ceiling getting
          worse. The DOOR KNOB rattles even more. Shaking until it
          seems like its going to fall off.
                         
          Silence. Will approaches the door. He grabs a baseball bat
          and prepares to attack. Swinging open the door, ready to
          swing... it's his FATHER.
                         

                    Will.
                         
          Seeing the bat.
                         

                    Easy! What's wrong? What's all
                    the noise about?
                         
          Will exhales, safety.
                         

                    There's a leak in my ceiling. Then
                    I went to check the cellar and its

                         
          Zack looks at Will's ceiling.

                         
                         

                    Where's the leak, son?
                         
          Will points at it but nothing registers for Zach.
                         
                         

                         
          Will and Zach stand over the stairwell. Zach turns the light
          on and walks down, much to Will's horror, into a puddle of
          water.
                         

                    Dry as a bone, Will.   Sure it
                    wasn't just a dream?
                         
          Will holds himself, too freaked out to speak.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Stan, Richie, Ben and Eddie stand at the edge of a
          police cordon. Beyond, CHIEF BORTON and A LINE OF POLICE
          OFFICERS, SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES and VOLUNTEERS sweep the woods
          with blood hounds.
                         

                    But we got a project we're working
                    on out there.
                         

                    Barren's will be off limits for
                    now, kids. Go on into town and
                    play there.
                         
          They all look on in disappointment.   Then pick up their bikes
          and head back into town.
                         
          A dog picks up a scent near A MORLOCK HOLE -- a cement
          cylinder that sticks about four feet out of the ground with a
          vented iron manhole cover stamped: DERRY SEWER DEPARTMENT. A
          drone comes from somewhere deep within.
                         
          Officer Butch Bowers arrives with news for Chief Borton.
                         

                    We've got another one, Chief.
                         

                    Another what?
                         

                    Kid gone missing.

                         
                         

                    Dear Lord.     Who is it?
                         

                    One of my son's friends. Patrick
                    Hockstettler.
                         
          PAN OVER to reveal Travis, waiting meekly inside Officer
          Bowers' squad car.
                         

                    The family notified you directly?
                         
          Officer Bowers nods for Travis to approach.
                         

                    Then I did a little investigating
                    of my own.

                    Tell him what you told me, boy.
                         
          Travis doesn't know where to start.
                         

                    Tell him, damn it! Tell him who
                    you last saw him with.
                        
                    The negro boy from outside of town.
                    The ones who run the abatoir.
                         
                         

                         
          BEN'S HAIKU is propped on a night stand.
                         
          Beverly stirs awake. Her sheets and pillows are smeared with
          blood. Her face crusted with dried gore.
                         
          Groggy, and nearly sleep walking, she sits up and walks out
          without taking stock.
                         
                         

                         
          Bev opens the door, wiping her eyes she approximates the
          sink, bends over to wash her face and eyes. With the first
          crust of blood removed from her eyelids, she looks into the
          mirror and let's out a choked, exhaling GASP of horror.
                         
          Surrounded by brown and crusty wallpaper, is Beverly's
          realization that the blood was not a dream.
                         
          Beverly's Mom appears in the doorway.   Beverly turns to her,
          speechless, in shock.

                         
                         

                    Darling, sometimes I look at myself
                    in the morning and think the same
                    thing.
                         
          Beverly tiptoes out of the horror scene. She shyly looks at
          her mother as she dries her hair over a blood-drenched sink,
          oblivious to it all.
                         

                    Look at these roots.
                         
          Beverly is speechless.
                         
                         

                         
          Puddles of BLOOD seem to lap like small waves towards us.
          PAN UP to reveal Mike and Leroy sweeping the blood and water
          out of the slaughtering pen.
                         
          Officer Bowers followed by SEVERAL POLICE OFFICERS enter the
          facility.
                         

                    Leroy Hanlon?
                         
          Leroy turns and notices the officers for the first time.
                         

                    We need to bring in your boy for
                    questioning.
                         

                    For what?
                         

                    Police business.
                         
          Mike turns to his father, frightened, shaking his head.
                         

                    We need a lawyer?
                         
          He looks at Mike, searching for any indication what this
          could be about. Travis appears in the distance and Mike
          instantly knows.
                         

                    Dad, it's-
                         
          Officer Bowers roughly grabs Mike by the neck and starts to
          lead him out.

                         
                         

                    Let's go, boy.
                         

                    Hey!   No need for that.
                         
          He grabs Officer Bowers by the arm. Bowers quickly and
          excessively puts Leroy in a wrist lock and throttles him
          against the killing pen fence. Leroy moans in pain.
                         

                    Search this place, now. It's the
                    perfect place to hide a body if you
                    ever needed to.
                         
          Officer Bowers looks around in disgust.   Travis smiles from
          the safety of distance and local power.
                         

                    This ain't right! You need a
                    warrant, you can't just-
                         
          Leroy seizes his arm, then his chest, then crumples to the
          ground, losing consciousness in the puddle of blood.
                         

                    Dad!
                         
          Mike tries to rush for him but he is forcefully escorted to a
          waiting police car. Other Officers look to Bowers for
          direction. Officer Bowers turns Leroy over.
                         

                    Call an ambulance.
                         
                         

                         
          ALL of the boys have gathered in Ben's room. An aimless
          summer morning with nothing to do. They play with his junk
          and are generally turning his room over. Will examines a
          pair of walkie-talkies not unlike his own.
                         

                    Whoa, what's with the history
                    project, Benny-boy?
                         
          Richie notices that Ben's walls are covered in xerox copies
          and historical drawings, all relating to Derry's history.

                         
                         

                    Oh, uh, when I first moved here I
                    didn't have anyone to play with or
                    anything, so I just started hanging
                    out in the Library.
                         
          All of the boys turn and look at Ben.   Seriously?
                         

          What are you, the "Reading      He's a regular Jordy Laforge.
          Rainbow"?
                         
          Stan takes a closer look.
                         

                    Why is it all, like, people getting
                    killed and missing kids and stuff?
                         

                    I don't know. There's just a lot
                    of that here. Been that way since
                    the original settlers.
                         
          Will, who was more interested in a Viewmaster, turns and
          looks at the walls now. Sees a copy of an old-timey document
          with 300 signatures. INCORPORATION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF DERRY.
                         

                    You have a copy of the Town
                    Charter. Seriously?
                         

                    Derry started as a logging camp
                    before it was officially on any
                    maps. 300 people signed the
                    charter that made Derry Derry. A
                    month later they all disappeared,
                    without a trace.
                         

                    The entire town?
                         
          Eddie is freaked out by this revelation.
                         

                    The people, the livestock,
                    everything that was alive.
                         

          Jesus.                          Holy fuck.
                         


                    Aren't you supposed to be Jewish?

                         
                         
          Stan thumps Richie in the stomach while still paying
          attention to Ben.
                         

                       People in neighboring settlements
                       thought it was Indians or something
                       but there was no sign of an attack.
                       The only clue was a well house that
                       was burnt down to charcoal.
                         

                       Shit, maybe we could get Derry on
                       Unsolved Mysteries!
                         
          Ben points out on an old map that has a translucent modern
          map drawn by hand laid over it, his tracing coordinates-
                         

                       It was here. Right on the corner
                       of what's now Witcham and Jackson.
                         

                       Hey, isn't that where Will's
                       brother, Georgie-
                         
          Richie slaps Eddie in the back of the head. His fierce eyes
          castigating Eddie for not thinking before speaking, Eddie
          confused, "wha-?"
                         

                       Yeah, it's where Georgie died.
                         

          I'm sorry.    I didn't-              
                                            Good job numb nuts.
                         

                       Don't worry about it. Why do you
                       have all this stuff anyway? I
                       mean. What are you going to do
                       with it?
                         
          Will can't take his eyes off all of the information.
                         

                       I don't know. It was just a way to
                       kill time, I guess.
                         

                       It's summer, dorkus. If you're
                       gonna kill time, do it right.

                         
                         

                         
          Will, Richie, Eddie, Stan, and Ben, stripped to their tightie-
          whities , stand in a line
          staring at the edge of a rocky outcropping in a quarry turned
          pond. The black water of the pond foreboding, endless.
                         

                    Who's first.
                         

                    Eddie?
                         

                    Screw that.
                         

                    I'll go.
                         

                    Ben, with those cuts you have on
                    your chest, I'm not sure if getting
                    in this water-
                         

                    Will you stop with the grey water
                    shit. You make it seem like any
                    water we get in is like swimming in
                    an out-house.
                         

                    What's grey water?
                         

                    Don't get him started.
                         

                    I'll go first.
                         

                    Too late.
                         
          The boys turn around to see Bev in a one piece summer dress.
          She pulls off the dress quickly, down to her underwear,
          sprints off the edge and jumps into the water. BOOM.
          Cannonball.
                         
          The boys, not wanting to be showed up by the girl take one
          last look at each other and jump in. SPLASH! SPLASH! SPLASH!

                         
          All except for Eddie, who crawls down the rock outcropping
          and stares at the screaming and laughing kids enviously.

                         
                         

                    What are you waiting for? Why
                    don't you get in you pussy?
                         
          Eddie dips the toes of one of his feet in.   Flabbergasted,
          Richie gives up on motivating Eddie.
                         
          Richie dives under the water and swims beneath the kicking
          legs of all his friends, a shark's P.O.V. He doesn't see...
                         
          PENNYWISE floating in from the depths beneath him.
                         
          On the surface Ben yelps, something yanking his leg. Richie
          surfaces.
                         

                    Very funny, Richie.
                         

                    I thought so.
                         
          Something yanks Richie's leg too. Hard. He and Ben wait for
          whoever it was to surface from the inky water.
                         
          Ben sees Will, Bev, and Stan swimming back toward Eddie on
          the edge of the quarry. They scream and laugh and swim their
          asses back to land.
                         
                         

                         
          The SIX of them now sunbathe on the rocks at the edge of the
          pond. Their eyes are closed, soaking in the vitamin D,
          except Ben, who can't take his off of Beverly's tanning body.
                         
          Will sits up and looks out at the water. It is so black it
          seems other worldly. Not breaking his stare from the water,
          he addresses the group.
                         

                    Do you guys ever feel there's
                    something wrong with Derry. Like
                    it's, I don't know, haunted or
                    something?
                         

                    Haunted how?
                         

                    I keep thinking about Ben's walls.
                         
          Ben, happy to have something else to focus on other than
          Beverly, looks at Will.

                         
                         

                    You mean how all sorts of disasters
                    and disappearances and stuff keeps
                    on happening here?
                         

                    Yeah.   It's strange.
                         
          Stan opens his eyes and joins in.
                         

                    Like any town, right? That's been
                    around long enough, bad stuff is
                    bound to happen. I mean, have you
                    read the Torah?
                         
          Richie, turns over to work on his back.
                         

                    Boys, you're ruining my sunbathing
                    vibes with all this chitter
                    chatter.
                         
          Beverly, eyes still closed, places a cigarette in her mouth
          and lights up. Ben notices her hands shake as she holds the
          cigarette in her mouth. The smoke swirls and dissipates over
          them.
                         

                    Have you been seeing "things" Will?
                         
          Will whips his neck to Beverly. He can't tell if she is
          making fun or if she is seriously asking him for a bridge.
                         

                    I... If I tell you guys something
                    you won't think I'm crazy.
                         

                    We already know you're crazy, Will.
                    No judgement here.
                         

                    I saw Georgie last night.   Only.
                    It wasn't him.
                         

                    Like.   In your dreams?
                         

                    No. In my house, he tried to get
                    me to go into the basement with
                    him.

                         
                         

                    That wasn't Georgie, that was your
                    neighborhood sex offender making a
                    house call.
                         

                    Shut up Richie. It wasn't just
                    him. I saw this other... I don't
                    know.
                         

                    What did you see Will?
                         

                    The clown?
                         
          Will, Stan and Eddie look at Ben.
                         

                    Yes. That's what it was, a scary
                    looking clown. And it had these
                    teeth...
                         

                    I saw something, too. In the
                    basement of the synogogue.
                         

                    I take it back. I'm judging all of
                    you and you are all friggin'
                    wackos.
                         
          Beverly, still laying there, exhales a long trail of smoke.
                         

                    I need to show you guys something.
                         
                         

                         
          The FIVE boys and Beverly stand outside her slummy apartment
          building. She looks frightened to go inside.
                         

                    My Daddy will kill me if he finds
                    out I had boys in our apartment.
                         

                    Isn't he at work?
                         

                    Sometimes he comes home for a nap.

                         
                         

                      We should leave lookouts. Ben,
                      Stan, can you?
                         
          Ben is ready to protest. Then succumbs, crestfallen.
                         

                      What does he look like?
                         

                      My Daddy?    Mean. Like a drunk.
                         
          Will, Richie and Eddie go with Bev.
                         
                         

                         
          Bev opens the door. It creeks open. The apartment seems to
          be empty. Afternoon sunlight illuminating floating dust
          motes. She scouts around and lets them in.
                         
          Will, Richie, and Eddie follow her to a closed door at the
          end of the hallway -- THE BATHROOM DOOR
                         

                      In there.
                         

                      Can you give me an indicator of
                      what I'm about to walk into?
                         

                      You'll see.
                         

                      I hope it's Ed McMahon and I've
                      just won publishers clearing house
                      10 million dollar sweepstakes. But
                      if it is, you really didn't have to
                      go through so much trouble, you
                      could have just brought Ed to the
                      quarry.
                         
          She has no intention of going in. Will pushes past Richie and
          opens the door.
                         

                      Oh God. Oh God.
                         

                         
          Still there, faded into maroon clouds on the mirror and
          wallpaper. Richie reels back into the hallway with Beverly.

                         
                         
          She looks from Richie to Will.
                         

                    You really see it?
                         

                    It's like someone slaughtered a pig
                    in here. Or a parent.
                         
          Richie is slack jawed.
                         

                    What happened?
                         
          Bev is so relieved she almost cries.
                         

                    The sink. It came out from the
                    sink. My parents couldn't see it.
                    I thought I was going crazy.
                         
          Will goes to Eddie, who still stands frozen in terror.
                         

                    You okay, Eddie? Eddie Kaspbrack?
                         
          Eddie snaps to it, suddenly more composed, resolute even.
                         

                    Ed. Go outside. Get Ben and send
                    him in here.
                         
          Eddie just nods and walks out the door.
                         

                    You see it, don't you, Richie?
                         
          Richie nods.
                         

                    We can't leave it like this.    Let's
                    clean it up.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Richie, Ben and Bev clean like grim elves, using a
          bucket of hot water, ajax, and some cloth rags. Slowly the
          blood washes out. Reaching for the same rag, Will and Bev's
          hands touch, a spark between them.

                         
                         

                         
          Stan and Eddie stand lookout on a curb below.
                         

                    What's taking them so long?
                         

                    There was a lot of blood.
                         
          Eddie shakes his head. Something disturbing catches his
          attention.
                         
                         

                         
          Will pours the last of pink bucket water down the bathtub
          drain. The bathroom now as clean as it ever was. The bucket
          is filled with blood stained rags.
                         

                    All I'm saying is maybe there's
                    some weirdo going around Derry
                    dressed as a clown. You know, like
                    the Joker in a "Dark Knight" comic.
                    Some whack job who likes to dress
                    up and kidnap kids.
                         

                    Okay, so how did he put Georgie in
                    my basement?
                         

                    Or blood in my sink?
                         

                    I don't know. Who knows how crazy
                    people do things, right?
                         
          Pebbles hit the window. Richie goes over, sees Eddie and Stan
          jumping up and down. The sound of footsteps come up the
          hallway. They look at each other, who's the extra footsteps?
                         
                         

                         
          Mr. Marsh fumbles with his keys outside the door.
                         
                         

                         
          They race through the apartment to a window that opens to
          fire escape into the alley. Bev throws it open and Will, Ben,
          Bev, and Richie climb through.

                         
                         

                    You okay?
                         

                    I am now.    Thanks to you guys.
                         
          The window slams shut behind them just as Mr. Marsh enters
          the hallway.
                         
          He sees a bloody rag on the counter and picks it up, wiping
          his sweaty face, smearing blood all over it.
                         
                         

                         
          Chief Borton and Officer Bowers hand Mike's mom a copy of
          Mike's signed statement. He nearly has to defend himself
          from her anger.
                         

          Ma'am. Ma'am.                     His father is in the hospital
                                      in critical condition and
          Ma'am!                            you, you're supposed to be
                                            protecting the children!
                         

                    Ma'am. We were just doing our job,
                    but he's free to go home with you,
                    now.
                         

                    He damn well better be.
                         
          Officer Bowers leans into Mike.
                         

                    You got lucky, boy. Could have
                    been you who disappeared. Be
                    careful next time creeping around
                    old places like that.
                         

                    I told you who chased me there.
                         
          Mike nods to TRAVIS BOWERS, who is sitting, shamefully, in an
          office next door to Chief Borton's office.
                         

                    Oh, and he will be punished, don't
                    you worry, I swear on my belt
                    buckle he will.
                         
          Officer Bowers smiles, looks at Travis, whose face reveals he
          knows he will get a whooping that night.

                         
                         

                    C'mon, Mikey. Your father needs
                    us.
                         
          Mike turns and follows his Mom obediently out of Chief
          Borton's office.
                         
                         

                         
          On their way out, Mike and his Mom pass Will, Ben, Bev, Stan,
          Eddie and Richie scrambling in the door to the station.
                         

                    What happened, homeschool?
                         
          Mike says nothing, his eyes looking forward in anger. Will
          and the others rush toward Chief Borton's office.
                         

                        
                    Whoa whoa. Where do you crumb
                    snatchers think you're going?
                         

                    We know what's been taking the
                    kids. Chief!
                         
          Borton steps out.    His long day just got worse.
                         

                    It's okay, Butch. Someone try to
                    do something to you kids?
                         

          Not someone.    Something.        There's like this spirit.
                         

                    A clown.
                         

                    Or sometimes it's something else.
                         

                    Only us kids can see it.
                         
          Borton narrows his eyes at Richie, the only one silent.
                         

                    Okay, stop. Is this you Tozier?
                    Did you put them up to this little
                    practical joke.

                         
                         

                    No, we all saw it.
                         

                    Such wild imaginations. Too bad we
                    can't bottle their little brains.
                    Dry them out and grind them into
                    powder to salt our food. Maybe
                    then we'd see, what was it again?
                         
          Borton's exhausted.   He's having none of it.
                         

                    You youngsters realize there's a
                    penalty in Derry for filing a false
                    police report. I don't want to
                    have to call your parents, now.
                         

                    But we're not lying.
                         

                    You have any evidence?
                         
          The kids all look at each other, stymied.
                         

                    That's what I thought. I don't
                    want to hear another word of this,
                    not here, not a whisper of it
                    anywhere. Now go home, all of you.
                    Eat dinner with your families,
                    sleep and have sweet dreams in your
                    pj's. And tomorrow, you're going
                    to go play like normal kids and
                    forget all about this fantasy about
                    murder and monsters. This is an
                    adult matter. You got it?
                         

                    But you adults aren't doing
                    anything!
                         

                    Watch your tone, boy.
                         
          The kids all stand there, Borton's big frame intimidating.
                         

                    I don't see you leaving.

                         
                         

                         
          The kids all step outside, morally deflated.
                         

                    I guess we're on our own.
                         

                         
          TITLE CARD over the PENOBSCOT RIVER:
                         
                         
                         
                     JULY 4th, 1988

                         
          A smoky haze obscures the setting sun and rough hewed
          mountains.
                         
                         

                         
          CRRRRRACK! A mailbox explodes as a Trans-Am speeds off, the
          boys inside it whooping and laughing their heads off.
                         
          The car swings up to another and Travis Bowers leans out of
          the window, throwing in a SIZZLING M-80.
                         
          He shuts the lid, pulls back into the passenger seat, and
          screams to the driver, Victor.
                         

                    Go! Go! Go!
                         
          Victor hits it and they roar off. Snatch and MOOSE SADLER
           scrunched like sardines in the backseat. They all look
          back to see...
                         
          CRRRRRACK! The mailbox explodes. The boys share a hip flask
          bottle of Southern Comfort-
                         

                    God I love the Fourth.
                         

                    It's my turn. Pass one back.

                         
                         
          Travis fishes the bag full of M-80s and bottle rockets and
          they blow another mailbox.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike enters, sheepish. Leroy is in bed, full of tubes to
          bleeping machines. He looks decimated. Mike's mom is on her
          way out.
                         

                       You'll be okay?
                         
          Mike nods.    She squeezes Mike's shoulder as she goes.
                         

                       Mom tell you what's the what?
                         

                       Doctors say it's inside your bones.
                       And spreading.
                         

                       Your Mom's going to need you to be
                       strong, Mikey. Help keep the
                       abatoir running.
                         
          Mike nods.
                         

                       I'll try.
                         

                       You do or you don't do. No try.
                         
          Leroy coughs.    His lungs are filling with fluid.
                         

                       It's my fault.
                         

                       Stop that, Mike. There's no one to
                       blame here. It's nature taking its
                       course.
                         

                       You're coming home though, right?
                         
          Leroy looks at his son, sadness etched in the lines of his
          sullen face.
                         

                       Pull up that seat.

                         
                         
          Leroy indicates a chair next to the bed. Mike pulls it up
          and sits next to his Dad, leaning in close.
                         

                    There's something I never told
                    nobody. Not even your mom.
                    Something that I think you should
                    know in case...
                         

                    In case of what?
                         
          He coughs again. Mike can smell the creeping death coming
          from his father's insides.
                         

                    When I was about your age. Me and
                    my buddies would go to this place
                    along the canal...
                         
                         

                         
          YOUNG LEROY  sneak up along the rail
          of the canal outside a raucous, crowded little gin joint.
          Only black folks stand in line to get in, music and reverie
          blaring from within. The two boys look at all the pretty
          girls and snazzy men with awe.
                         
                         

                         

                    Dad, I'm responsible. You don't
                    need to tell me some long tale
                    about drinking and driving or safe
                    sex. I'll take care of things-
                         
          Leroy squeezes Mike's arm, frustrated.   Harder than he
          thought he could squeeze.
                         

                    I'm. Not. Done.
                         
          Leroy groans through his teeth.
                         

                    This isn't about you, Mike. It's
                    not even about me. It's about
                    Derry. This town is like poison.
                         
          He coughs again.

                         
                         

                    Dad?
                         

                    Shut up    and listen to me. There
                    was one    night, 1960. I remember
                    because    it was August and Chubby
                    Checker    just dropped "the twist".
                         
                         

                         
          A hot hot night, the little shack filled up to the rafters
          with people dancing, twisting, enjoying themselves. YOUNG
          LEROY and YOUNG DICK push their way through the sweaty bodies
          to a window. They find some floaters on the sill there and
          drink them up. Out the window Leroy notices...
                         

                         
          Stalk from the woods and light torches.
                         
                         

                         
          The men in white robes -- THE MAINE LEGION OF DECENCY --
          barricade the door with a cart and light the timbers on fire.
                         
                         

                         
          Smoke starts to take over the place. People panic, stampede
          the doors. They don't budge. Women, men are crushed against
          the hot door as people push against them to get out. Young
          Leroy among them. He's grabbed by his friend Dick who pushes
          him out the window.
                         
                         

                         
          Dick and Leroy go stumbling and coughing away from the
          blazing shack, their eyes burning with smoke, blinded. They
          trip over the edge into the dark waters of the CANAL.
                         
                         

                         
          He seems to float off into a reverie.
                         

                    Worse thing I ever seen. And the
                    smell, that awful smell -- all
                    cooked flesh. Somehow we ended up
                    in the water.


                         

                    Floating in the blackness, I could
                    still hear all them screams. It
                    wasn't until I surfaced that I
                    could see the truth of it all. Of
                    Derry.
                         

                    What truth?
                         

                    I saw something, Mikey. Through
                    the smoke and the burning.
                    Something I can't even really
                    explain, but it was there, Dickie
                    saw it, too.
                         

                    What did you see?
                         
          A NURSE walks in with a chemo bag.
                         

                    Mr. Hanlon, you ready?
                         
          Mike and Leroy lock eyes. Leroy leans in, whispers so the
          nurse can't hear.
                         

                    I saw what was really responsible
                    for that fire, Mikey. Not the
                    Legion. See those white boys, they
                    were there, but there was something
                    else, orchestrating `em. Had `em
                    all in a fit and frenzy, moved to
                    his whims. This thing, I don't
                    even know how to describe it...
                         
                         

                         
          A balloon surfaces from the waters, bringing with it
          PENNYWISE. It pulls him over to a survivor swimming in
          darkness and Pennywise pounces, dragging the victim under
          water.
                         
          Leroy and Dick see this and are horrified. They begin
          swimming back to the edge when a balloon surfaces nearby,
          again pulling Pennywise, his face smeared with blood, from
          the water.
                         
          It drags the clown toward them. They climb out of the canal
          just as Pennywise gets within striking distance. Instead he
          pounces on a woman there, dragging her under kicking and
          screaming.

                         
                         
          On the shore Leroy rests in Dick's arms, the Black Spot now
          just a heap of smoldering char, the grounds littered with
          burned up bodies.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike looks at his father, terrified.
                         

                    Mr. Hanlon?
                         

                        (he grabs Mike's shirt

                    Be careful out there son.
                    Especially by the canal. The water
                    in Derry is no place for no one,
                    especially a youngster like you.
                         
          The nurse hooks up the chemo bag to Leroy's IV. She turns
          towards Mike.
                         

                    You might want to wait outside.
                         
          Mike hesitantly leaves the room as she pricks the needle into
          his dad's catheter, Leroy wincing.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike steps out into the corridor. The hospital seems eerily
          dark, empty and quiet.
                         
          A LIGHT STROBES down the long hall. It draws Mike to it, like
          a moth to a flame. He turns the corner and sees...
                         
          A fire alarm pulled, white greasy fingerprints on the lever.
          Emergency lights strobe along the walls. No sound of an
          alarm. No doctors or nurses anywhere.
                         
          Suddenly, at the end of the long corridor, a SHEEP trots out
          from a door, staccato in the strobing light. It stops, looks
          at Mike, then trots into another door.
                         
          Mike starts after it, baffled. He approaches the door the
          sheep walked into, a stream of WATER FLOODING OUT ONTO THE

                         
          He stops, the water rushing past his feet. He looks back
          behind him, the normally lit hallway now far far away.
                         


                         
                         
          He hears the sheep just inside the open door. He enters
          through it without noticing the stencil on the glass of the
          door: "DERRY COUNTY CORONER."
                         
                         

                         
          Mike enters a windowless bunker like room with all the metal
          corpse lockers, metal autopsy table and a sink in the corner,
          the emergency lights still strobing.
                         
          The sheep is nowhere to be found.
                         
          Instead Mike finds, in the middle of the floor under the
          autopsy table, a DRAIN GURGLING UP WATER, the source of the
          flooding out into the corridor.
                         

                         
          The door slams behind him. Mike runs over to it, jiggles the
          lock, but it won't open. Behind him, in between flashes of
          the strobe, PENNYWISE APPEARS THEN DISAPPEARS...
                         
          Mike stops dead, sensing It's presence like he did at the old
          Ironworks. He slowly looks back as...
                         

                         
          Mike opens his mouth to scream but nothing comes out.
                         
          He's pounding on the door.
                         

                    Somebody! HELP! Let me out!

                    Dad! Mom!
                         
          He looks over his shoulder while continuing to BANG. The
          tray inside the open locker slowly slides out, like a tongue
          from a mocking black mouth. On it, under a white sheet, is a

                         
          Mike dares look back just as the sheet catches and the corpse
          is uncovered. It's none other than PATRICK HOCKSTETTLER,
          whose legs and arms  have been bit off,
          smaller, CHILD SIZE bite marks cover his body.
                         
          Mike jumps to a corner where he grabs a saw to defend
          himself.
                         
          Water spews up from the drain with more and more pressure, a
          pool now covering the floor, the edge of which seeps toward
          Mike.

                         
                         
          Mike climbs up on a chair, afraid of the water, now with a
          full view of Patrick's mutilated body.
                         

                         

                    It's killing your daddy, Mikey.
                    Eating him away.
                         

                    Shut up.
                         

                    A worm inside a rotten apple.
                    We're all apples, Mikey. All of us.
                    You know the thing about apples --
                         

                    Stop it.
                         
          Patrick's expression turns into a horrific, fearful murmur.
                         

                    -- they float.
                         

                    No!
                         
          THE WALLS START TO SLIDE IN. As if the room were shrinking.
          The walls shepherding him towards Patrick's talking corpse.
                         
          Mike reaches behind him, scraping at the walls, looking for
          anything with purchase. His hands find the FIRE ALARM.
          Pulls it.
                         
          This time the alarm SOUNDS and the strobe lights freeze, the
          room now fully lit.
                         
          Mike looks back, calipers raised, and sees the locker doors
          closed again, no water on the floor.
                         
          The door opens behind him. It's the CORONER, Chief Borton,
          and PATRICK'S PARENTS there to identify the remains of their
          boy.
                         
          Mike is nearly catatonic.   He holds onto the Chief, catching
          his breath.
                         

                    What are you doing here, son?
                         
          Speechless and terrified Mike races past them out of the
          hospital.

                         
                         

                         
          Mike walks home, distraught, mindless to the traffic. He is
          nearly hit by a car as he storms away from the hospital.
                         
          A Trans Am turns a corner behind him.   Headlights on high-
          beam. It stops.
                         
          Mike turns, sees, realizes who it is, runs.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis climbs out of the passenger seat and over to the
          driver seat.
                         

                    Move.
                         
          Victor gets out and runs around the car.
                         

                    Hey, ain't that the little shit
                    your dad gave you a whoopin' over?
                         
          Furious, Travis slams on the gas pedal.    POV of CAR, giving
          chase to Mike.
                         

                    I'm gonna run him over.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike runs for his life, jumping fences, turning corners, and
          running through pedestrians.
                         
          Travis' Trans-Am can't always speed, due to the amount of
          people on the street.
                         
          Just when he's about to get within biting distance, BOOM.
                         
          The first of a long series of FIRE-WORKS, explodes over the
          Derry sky, illuminating the street in a series of FLASHES.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Richie, Stan, and Eddie have gathered on Ben's roof to
          watch the fireworks.

                         
                         
          BOOM. The boys "oooh" and "aaaah" while stuffing their faces
          with an unholy array of massed snacks meant to rot teeth and
          discolor the fingers with multi-colored MSG filled flavor
          powders.
                         
          Richie, with sticky fingers, picks up a walkie-talkie.
                         

                    Benny-boy, don't forget the ranch
                    dressing.
                         
          The walkie-talkie SQWUAKS back.
                         

                    Hey Richie. Eat a bag of dicks.
                         
          BOOM. Again, the sky erupts in dazzling light and color AND
          CONTINUES TO with fireworks THROUGHOUT AND UNTIL THE END OF


                         
          Beverly, then Ben, appear from one of the dormer windows
          leading to Ben's bedroom, with sparklers, bunches of bottle
          rockets, roman candles and small firecrackers.
                         

                        
                    You call that a firecracker?    This
                    is a firecracker.
                         
          He opens his palms, revealing SEVERAL M-80s.     The boys
          collectively `woah' with excitement.
                         

                    Nice stick, Richie.     How about
                    this.
                         
          She opens her backpack, revealing a MORTAR with SIX turrets.
                         

                    Holy shit!
                         

                    Think that could take "IT" down?
                         

          How? We don't even know what      That's a good name for it
          it is that we're looking for.     actually.
                         

                    What?
                         



                         
                         
          They nod in agreement.
                         

                    I think it depends.
                         
          Beverly looks up from a SPREAD OF FIREWORKS laid out on a red
          white and blue Captain America towel.
                         

                    On what?
                         

                    What we're scared of. It was
                    Georgie's corpse for me cuz, cuz
                    that's what I care about. It was a
                    naked woman for Stan because he's
                    so afraid of-
                         

                    Getting laiiiid.
                         

          Only because your Mom-          You really want me to start
                                          talking about your Mom?
                                          Don't get me started cause it
                                          won't stop.
                         

                    Back to point. It showered Beverly
                    in blood cuz...
                         

                    Cuz blood always freaks a girl out.
                         

                    Wow, you really don't know shit
                    about girls do you?
                         
          Will smiles.
                         

                    "IT" showered me in blood because I
                    just got my period... and...
                         
          Eddie recoils in disgust while Beverly's mind goes to dark
          places, to her father, and what being a "woman" might mean to
          him now. Ben and Will both notice this change in her
          demeanor.
                         

                    I didn't need to know that.

                         
                         

                    It. It's everything and anything.
                    All our nightmares. All evil,
                    wrapped into one.
                         

                    Into one freaky looking clown you
                    mean. That's the only form that
                    seems to repeat.
                         

                    Ironic right? Something that's
                    suppose to make kids laugh,
                    actually being super freaky.
                         
          He does it Rick James style. Everyone laughs.
                         

                    It makes sense though. If it's
                    killing kids. A clown is the
                    perfect cover.
                         

                    Adults just ignore them. But kids,
                    like your brother, Georgie...
                         

                    They want to get closer.   See their
                    tricks.
                         
          Just then Will sees MIKE running for his life down the
          street.
                         

                    Shit. Isn't that-
                         

                    Home school.
                         
          They look where he's running from and see Bowers Gang, in the
          Trans-Am delayed by foot traffic.
                         

                    They're going to cream him.
                         

                    At least it won't be our problem
                    for a night.
                         

                    That's cowardly, Stan.

                         
                         

                     Beverly's right. We can't always
                     hide from them. We need to do
                     something.
                         

                     How?
                         

                     With these.
                         
          Will points to their arsenal of fireworks.
                         

                         
                         

                         
          Mike runs past families and kids distracted by the fireworks
          display happening overhead, Bowers gang almost on him in the
          Trans Am.
                         
          Mike cuts between a lawn between two houses, hopping a fence.
          Bowers hits the gas and fishtails it around the next block to
          cut Mike off.
                         
          Will and his gang see this and take a short cut of their own.
          Ben, boy-boobs jiggling, takes up the rear.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike spills out between lawns on Neibolt street; a dead end.
          There is a small pier that cuts into the canal with an old
          abandoned "lock house" at the end.
                         
          The Trans-Am roars into view at the other end of the block.
          Revs the engine.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis is focused on Mike, who is frozen in the street.
                         

                     Got the little fucker now.
                         
          Another boy runs out with him. Will.
                         

                     Is that that pussy Denbrough?

                         
                         

                    This night just gets better and
                    better.
                         
          Travis slams on the gas.
                         
                         

                         
          Tires screeching.   Travis guns it straight for Mike and Will.
                         

                    Don't move.
                         

                    You nuts?
                         

                    Trust us. We're here to help you
                    take these jerks.
                         

                    We?
                         
          Looking to the side, Will has his walkie-talkie.
                         

                        
                    Not yet... not yet. Now!
                         
          Between the Trans-Am and Mike and Will, Ben and Richie heave
          their shoulders into a large steel DUMPSTER filled with
          construction material. They push it down a driveway that
          leads to the street. It creaks, starts to wobble, then move
          down the incline. When it hits street level, though, the
          gutter stops it from going out into line of the Trans Am.
                         

                    Fuck.
                         
          Will sees this.
                         

                    Oh shit. Abort! Abort!
                         

                    Abort? What does that mean.
                         

                    Run!
                         
          They're about to dodge the car when-

                         
                         
          BEVERLY jumps out firing off her 6-BARRELED MORTAR handheld,
          aimed horizontally, at the car. THUMP. The recoil throws
          her back while the rocketing projectile explodes in front of
          the Trans-Am. Travis and the boys shield their faces
          SCREAMING as the front windshield explodes.
                         

                    Woah!
                         
          THUMP. This one knocks her to the ground as the second
          mortar flies right towards the Trans Am. Travis yanks the
          wheel to the LEFT as the firework EXPLODES on the side of the
          car. He slams on the breaks as Victor, Snatch, and Moose are
          flung forward. Victor smashes his face on the dash board.
                         

                    Is that girl for real?
                         

                    Real as it gets... Now, Stan and
                    Eddie!
                         
          Eddie and Stan charge from behind a hedge. Lighting bottle-
          rockets aimed at the car. Travis and his boys have to duck
          for cover as ONE of the rockets ZINGS through the car.
                         

                    Those little motherfuckers.   Get
                    out, get out!
                         
          The OLDER BOYS climb out the windows, ducking and covering
          their eyes from the ONSLAUGHT of bottle rockets and roman
          candle projectiles.
                         
          Crouched behind the trunk, Travis lights up three M-80's WITH
          CLOWN FACES on them and tosses them like grenades at Beverly,
          Stan, and Eddie's positions.
                         
          The M-80's blow HUGE fist sized holes in the blacktop, bigger
          than can possibly be legal, exploding gravel peppering the
          kids, stunning them for a moment.
                         

                    Holy hell. What kinda gear do they
                    got?
                         

                    I don't wanna stay and find out.
                         
          Ben and Richie race up from behind, letting loose another
          barrage as they pass Bowers' gang and the Trans Am, giving
          cover as the FIRE FIGHT, literally, becomes a retreating
          manoeuver towards the pier at the end of Neibolt street.

                         
                         
          Travis' boys cover their eyes but they make aggressive
          progress towards the kids with their terrifying M-80's.
                         

                    I've been waiting all summer to run
                    into you, Denbrough.
                         

                    Leave us alone Bowers. I don't
                    want anyone to get seriously hurt.
                         

                    Hurt? When I'm done with you,
                    you'll wish you were in that storm
                    drain with your brother.
                         
                         

                         
          They regroup at the mouth of the pier, water on both sides,
          Bowers in front. He throws another M-80, which tears into a
          wood plank. Splinters shoot everywhere.
                         

                    Will, we need cover--
                         

                    The house. It's our only chance!
                         
          Ben points to the Neibolt Street house on stilts over the
          black water. An imploded, condemned structure that slopes
          like a man's half eaten face. Eddie is instantly horrified.
                         

                    I don't think that's a good idea.
                         

                    When do you ever think anything is
                    a good idea?
                         

                    Okay. Ben, we'll hold him off while
                    we can, you and Stan see if you can
                    find a way in.
                         
          Covering them, Mike, Richie and Will continue to fire off
          what fireworks they have left. Bowers' boys light off another
          barrage of M-80's. Will, armed with a plank bats one back
          like a baseball. BOOM! It explodes at Victors feet.
                         
          Ben quickly runs towards the house, followed by Stan and Bev.
                         
          Eddie, stuck in the middle, goes after them down the pier.

                         
                         

                         
          Ben and Stan split up looking for a way in.   All windows and
          doors are boarded up or locked.
                         

                    Really guys, there has to be
                    another option.
                         

                    You want to swim?!
                         

                    I'm serious. This house--
                         

                    Shut up, Eddie.
                         
          And then, as if by magic , one of the 2x4s
          that cover a window to the basement slips to the ground.
                         
                         

                         
          Will finds the backpack empty as Mike shoots off the last
          bottle rocket. Will picks up some rocks as ammo. Mike and
          Richie instinctively follow suit. Will winds up and...
                         

                    Charge!!!
                         
          NAILS MOOSE IN THE FOREHEAD, drawing blood.
                         
          Travis and the others stop dead, incredulous, as rocks pelt
          them. It turns into a crazy rock fight. Will looks back.
          He can't see any of his friends who are on the other side of
          the house.
                         


                    Guys hurry!!!
                         
                         

                         
          Ben and Beverly look at the window into the blackened hole,
          then at each other ominously.
                         

                    Rock, paper, scissors?
                         

                    I'll go.

                         
                         
          Not wanting to be one-upped by Stan, Ben pushes him out of
          the way.
                         

                    No.   I'll go.
                         
                         

                         
          The fight is getting desperate. Both Will and Mike bleed
          from rock hits. Will, Richie, and Mike see Bev waving them
          to come. They run for their lives towards the house, Travis
          and his goons on their heels.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Richie and Mike round the corner of the house.   Will
          looks down the pier, no one, then THEY HEAR BEN.
                         


                    Down here!
                         

                    I'm gonna kill you, losers! I swear
                    I'm gonna kill you all.
                         
          Will sees a broomstick wave in the opening, beckoning them to
          come in.
                         

                    Go! Go! Go!
                         
          Mike and Richie slip in, lowering themselves onto a floor
          littered with crates and boxes. Will last in just as...
                         
          Travis and his buddies round the house. Moose walks right by
          the window they slipped into but doesn't seem to see it.
                         

                    Where are they?
                         
          Victor and Snatch look at Travis for direction. Unmoved,
          Travis walks around the boarded up house looking for a way
          in.
                         
                         

                         
          The kids catch their breath and lick their wounds. The
          basement is a derelict and creepy undercarriage to a canal
          lock house.

                         
                         
          A huge coal ENGINE bulked in the shadows, and next to it an
          old COAL BIN and stone channel that leads directly to the
          canal and water.
                         

                    If we die here I just want to say
                    that fight was friggin' awesome.
                         

                    Shhhhush.
                         
          Richie does a little pistol shoot with his hands to Ben and
          mouths "awesome." Ben smiles.
                         


                    We shouldn't be here.
                         
          Will watches Travis and his boys walk past the basement
          window again. Ben looks to Beverly, sees some gravel in her
          leg like buckshot.
                         


                    You okay?
                         

                    It's just a scrape.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis is getting frustrated. He can't find where or how the
          kids have gotten into the house. He looks straight at the
          window the kids crawled through, the 2x4 is still somehow
          attached from the outside.
                         
                         

                         
          The kids can see Travis staring straight at them through the
          window, the 2x4 is non-existent, as if Pennywise is
          preventing the boys outside from seeing in or entering.
                         

                    They can't see the window?
                         


                    We shouldn't be here.
                         

                    Don't count your chickens.

                         
                         

                    Something wrong with your friend
                    here?
                         

                    We shouldn't be here!
                         

          Eddie?                             He's afraid of dirt.
                         
          Will covers Eddie's mouth as he continues to yell, "we
          shouldn't be here." They watch anxiously as Travis and the
          boys feet inch uncomfortably closer to them.
                         
          Then Eddie suddenly stops.
                         
                         

                         
          Frustrated, Travis and the boys leave.
                         
                         

                         
          The kids have surrounded Eddie.
                         

                    What is it Eddie?
                         

                    There's something I didn't tell you
                    guys.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    This house. I saw something here
                    once. I thought it was just my
                    mind playing tricks, but now I
                    know...
                         
          They sense what he is about to say isn't going to be good.
                         

                    I saw "IT."
                         
          Eddie nods.
                         

                    Jesus.

                         
                         


                    Why do you keep using our teams,
                    guy?
                         

                    Wha?
                         

                    What does he mean by "IT?"
                         
          Will looks to the gang, they all nod.     He turns back to their
          newest member.
                         

                    Something's wrong with Derry.
                    Haunting it. Hunting and killing
                    kids. We've all seen it.
                         
          Mike looks at them all, judging their earnestness. Feels he
          can trust them, an instant connection with people whose fear
          clings to your own.
                         

                    I know.   I've seen "IT" too.
                         
          Just then, the house seems to shiver. As if its foundation
          had shifted. A CLANKING SOUND resonates from the pipes.
          Water BEGINS TO SEEP in through the cracks in the basement.
                         

                    What exactly did you see here,
                    Eddie?
                         
          Ben goes to the window they came through, but instead of
          seeing out, it's now covered by the 2x4.
                         

                    Guys, uh--
                         
          He looks at their feet. They all do. Water coming in fast.
          Ben bangs a coal stoker against the boarded window. Rock
          solid. Will looks for a way out. The stairs.
                         

                    Stairs.
                         
          Suddenly they HEAR FOOTSTEPS, above. They look up as dust
          falls from one side of the roof, slowly making its way to
          directly over them. To the stairs.
                         

                        
                    It's here.

                         
                         
          Will grabs on to Beverly's hand. She holds onto his with
          equal vigor. Richie holds onto Eddie.
                         
          Ben holds the stoker like a sword.     Mike grabs a shovel.
          They lead the way up the stairs.
                         
          Unless otherwise noted, they ONLY WHISPER now.
                         

                       I'm not going up there.
                         
          The others ignore him, follow Ben and Mike up the stairs.
                         
          Richie looks around him at the scary basement, the furnace
          hulking in the corner like a being with eyes. The water
          surrounds his shoes. He runs up after his friends.
                         
                         

                         
          A door opens in the middle of the kind of creepy hallway you
          don't want to find yourself in, ever. Scummy yellow water
          stained wallpaper peeling like dead skin from walls. Sconces
          hanging from their sockets and detritus is built up on the
          wooden floor boards. No footprints anywhere.
                         
          Ben sticks his head out. He looks left, nothing, he looks
          right, nothing. Directly in front of him, through a dark
          parlor, is the FRONT DOOR.
                         
          As Ben disappears into the stairs again, the door closes,
          revealing PENNYWISE THE CLOWN, at the far end of the hallway.
                         
                         

                         
          Ben still has his hand on the door knob.
                         

                       The front door is right there.
                         
          Will nods.    Let's go.
                         
                         

                         
          Pennywise is gone.
                         
          The kids all file out, sticking close to the filthy walls.
          They dart into the dark parlor for the door, followed last by
          Richie...
                         
          The room seems to extend and last longer than anticipated.
          Finally they get to the door. Ben tries it. Nailed shut.

                         
                         

                    Shit. Guys, look.
                         
          Everyone turns and sees HUNDREDS OF CROWS perched atop the
          railing of the main staircase and in the rafters above.
                         

                    There must be a window open.
                         
          Will reads his mind, an upstairs window might be their only
          chance to freedom.
                         

                    C'mon.
                         
          Will leads the way upstairs.
                         
                         

                         
          The children, petrified, slide up the stairs as silently as
          possible, trying not to disturb the watching crows. Or alert
          whatever else is there. The stairs creak and snap loudly.
                         
          They get to a 2nd floor hallway, the wind from an open window
          blowing trash around. Will looks around...
                         
                         

                         
          He beckons them into a bedroom with AN OPEN WINDOW. They
          step over a moldy bare mattress shoved against the wall.
                         
          Beverly is the first one out the window, then Stan, then
          Richie, then Ben. Ben looks back and sees Eddie standing by
          the doorway to the hallway.
                         

                    Eddie, what are you doing?
                         
          Eddie turns towards them, realizes he must have lost
          consciousness for a second, doesn't understand why he was
          standing there. He walks towards the window when
                         
          THE FLOOR GIVES WAY and he tumbles down to the first floor.
                         
                         

                         
          If the house weren't spooky enough, this room is the
          spookiest. A bunch of furniture is gathered in the middle of
          the room covered in sheets. A dusty old refrigerator stands
          in the corner. Dust everywhere begins to clear from Eddie's
          fall. He is knocked out. His arm is clearly broken.

                         
                         

                         
          Will, Mike, and Ben rush back into the house.
                         

                    Eddie!
                         
          Will runs around the gaping hole in the floor and tries to
          run down the stairs when...
                         

                         
          Will covers his eyes as the birds prevent him from going
          down. Mike and Ben shore themselves behind him.
                         
                         

                         
          The other kids scream from the window.
                         

                    What's happening?!
                         

                    Whatever it is, we don't want to go
                    back in there.
                         

                    We have to do something.
                         
          She looks around.
                         

                    Follow me!
                         
          Beverly leads Richie and Stan down to the edge of the roof.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Mike, and Ben are being pelted by the birds still.
          They retreat back into the bedroom and shut the door.
                         
                         

                         
          Eddie, coming back to consciousness, looks around the room.
          He moans in pain.
                         

                    Guys?
                         
          From the hole above, Will and Ben appear.

                         
                         

                    Eddie.
                         
          Realizing he is alone.
                         

                    Get me out of here.
                         

                    We tried, we can't get down stairs.
                         

                    What do you mean you can't get down
                    stairs?
                         
          Eddie looks around the creepy room at the sheets.   Something
          horrible could be under any one of them.
                         

                    Do you see anything you could use
                    to climb out?
                         

                    I- I think I broke my arm.
                         
          He holds it up and the lower part of his arm hangs
          irregularly. Behind him the old refrigerator SHAKES,

                         
                         

                         
          It's 15 feet sheer drop above the dilapidated pier.    Richie
          is too scared to jump.
                         

                    I don't know, Richie.
                         

                    You gotta a better idea?
                         
          Glass breaks and CROWS STORM OUT OF A WINDOW behind them.
          Startled, they all lose their footing and fall, crashing down
          onto a pile of rope below.
                         
                         

                         
          Eddie looks to the shaking fridge. Blood oozes out of it and
          starts to cover the floor, inching towards him. Eddie backs
          away, horrified.
                         

                    No. No no no. Will?     Help me!

                         
                         

                         
          Will sees the blood, looks to Ben and Mike.
                         

                    What do we do?
                         

                    We can't leave him alone down
                    there.
                         
          Mike looks at the old moldy mattress.
                         
                         

                         
          Eddie hops onto a rocking chair as the whole floor is coated
          with BLOOD.
                         

                    Hurry, guys!
                         
          The fridge door starts to YAWN OPEN. Eddie curls in a ball
          and closes his eyes.
                         

                    This isn't happening. This isn't
                    happening.
                         
          Inside is Pennywise, all curled up. He unfurls himself like
          a coiled snake, holding a balloon on a string. It drags him,
          floating just above the bloody floor, across the room toward
          Eddie.
                         

                    Open your eyes Eddie-bear. I
                    brought you some cracker-jack.
                         

                    Go away!
                         

                    Away? But I just got here? And
                    we're gonna have soooooo much fun,
                    you and me. Now open those
                    peepers.
                         

                    No.
                         

                    Kee-mon Eddie Bear. Don'cha wanna
                    see the show? You're the main
                    event.

                         
                         
          Eddie does. Pennywise is over him now, his teeth like razors,
          his clawed hands reaching out for Eddie's neck.
                         

                    You all taste soooooooo much better
                    when you're afraid.
                         
          Eddie screeeeeeeeeams!
                         
                         

                         
          Mike lifts up the mattress and sees a decomposed corpse of
          some child underneath it. He screams, falling backwards
          towards Will and Ben.
                         
                         

                         

                         
          Fall onto Pennywise, smacking into the floor, blood
          splattering the walls, impact cushioned by Pennywise's body.
          They instantly fall to the side.
                         
          Will, Mike and Ben look over to see what broke their fall- a
          just as startled Pennywise, writhing in anger.
                         

                    Ah, fuck!
                         
          Eddie scurries away from Pennywise, who bares his fangs at
          Will.
                         

                         
          Just then the board from the window rips off to Richie, Stan
          and Beverly.
                         
          She fires a bottle rocket at Pennywise's face, exploding
          right into his eye. The clown reels back howling.
                         
          Richie and Ben jump in and grab Eddie.
                         
          Pennywise pulls the rocket out of his burned socket and
          growls at the boys, morphing into an ORANGE GAS that shoots
          back into the fridge.
                         
          Eddie, Ben and Richie climb to safety through the window,
          while Will watches from the window frame Pennywise's escape.

                         
                         

                         
          The kids BANG on Mrs. Kaspbrak's door. She opens it, sees his
          broken arm and freaks.
                         
                         

                         
          Mrs. Kaspbrak is placing Eddie in the front seat of their
          family car. He is delirious with pain.
                         

                    You! You all did this!
                         
          She slams the door shut, hurting Eddie on the inside.   The
          kids are all too spooked to talk coherently.
                         

                    You know how delicate he is!
                         

                    We were attacked, Mrs. K. Travis

                         

                    Stop it! Just stop it! If it
                    weren't for you boys and that
                    little tramp they'd have nothing
                    against my Eddie-bear... Ohh, where
                    are my keys?
                         
          She's nearly in tears searching her purse. She dumps it out
          on the ground, prescription bottles, used kleenex's, food,
          deflated balloons. Gets on her knees and picks through it.
                         

                    Eddie's done with you kids, you
                    hear?
                         
          She gets up when she finds the car key, speaking with such
          vitriolic focus, she seems possessed.
                         

                    Don't come around here again, you
                    don't deserve him. You're reckless,
                    churlish little boys.

                    This is why your little brother
                    died, William, because you are a
                    LOSER, a reckless reckless reckless
                    loser. God help me if I were one
                    of your parents.

                         
                         
          She gets in the car and screeches away towards the hospital.
          They ALL watch the car disappear down the street.
                         

                    Well, that went well.
                         

                    Guys, I hate to pile on bad news.
                         
          Ben noses up to the window, Mrs. Kaspbrack's TV set flashing
          in the dark. They all nose up, see what Ben sees.
                         

                    No.
                         
          ON THE LOCAL NEWS: Chief Borton and Officer Bowers pose in
          front of camera with THE ONE-ARMED OLD MAN in the U.S.S.
          Indianapolis hat in handcuffs. Caption under them reads:
                         


                         

                    That can't be true.   We just saw

                         
          Mike just shakes his head.
                         

                    This is all crazy.    Who are you
                    guys anyway?
                         

                    The only losers in town-
                         

                    Who know what's going on.
                         

                    Welcome to the club, kid.
                         
          They half-heartedly pat Mike on the back.
                         

                         
                         



                         
                         
                         
                         

          Tilt down to the OVERHEAD shot of what we expect to be "Derry
          1988", but instead we see forests, logging trails, a
          hardscrabble 19th century downtown, and a LOG CABIN SALOON
          squatting on the edge of the swollen Kenduskeag canal. Smoke
          billows from its chimney, day drawing down to a misty dark.
                         
                         

                         
          Follow from behind, a MAN in a lumberjack's jacket walking
          through the muddy, waterlogged street, a double-bited ax
          slung over his shoulder.
                         
          A WOMAN pleads with the Sheriff on the side of the street.
                         

                    He didn't run away, sir! He's just
                    a child, missing now for more than
                    three days!
                         
          She sees the MAN.
                         


                    Have you seen my baby, Claude?
                    He's been gone near...
                         
          Claude ignores the woman...
                         

                         
                         
                         

          And walks into the saloon, "SILVER DOLLAR" carved deep and
          poorly into the wood over the door.
                         
                         

                         
          Dozens of loggers are bellied up at the bar, drinking beers,
          spitting chew on the sawdust covered floor. The man with the
          ax, CLAUDE HEROUX, elbows himself a place at the bar and
          throws down a TWO DOLLAR BILL.

                         
                         
          The bartender brings Heroux a schooner of beer, one
          hardboiled egg in a bowl, a shaker of salt and some change.
          Heroux salts the egg and the beer, his piercing eyes stuck on
                         

                         
          He devours the egg, downs the beer, then lets out a belch.
          The man next to him gives a friendly nod. Heroux doesn't
          respond. He kicks back from the bar, dragging his ax behind.
                         
          Heroux walks past a piano being played, whispers something
          into the players ear, then throws the change from his meal --
          $1.85 -- onto the piano top. The piano player tips his hat
          and changes tune to something more festive, manic almost.
                         
          Heroux continues into the back, walking like a man in a half
          dream.
                         
          At the table, EL KATOOK deals out a hand to a group of
          railroad bulls -- TINKER MCCUTCHEON, FLOYD CALDERWOOD,
          "STUGLEY" GRENIER, and EDDIE KING, a bearded man whose
          spectacles are almost as fat as his gut.
                         

                    You sitting in Claude?
                         
          Floyd reaches out to grab his hand when...
                         

                         
          Heroux's ax falls, chopping of Floyd's hand at the wrist.
          Floyd recoils back shrieking, blood spurting from the stump,
          his severed hand remaining on the table.
                         
          At the bar somebody calls for more beer. The bartender takes
          a casual look back just in time to see...
                         
          Heroux bury his ax in Tinker McCutchoen's head. The big man
          tries to get up, blood pouring down his face, then sits back
          down again. A second chop finishes him.
                         
          Floyd, writhing under the table, gropes for his hand on the
          table above it. Heroux chops his other hand off, Floyd
          screams even louder.
                         
          Laughter from the bar as patrons rub the bartender's bald
          head for luck. The piano playing only gets more giddy and
          festive, then we see who's playing it:
                         
          PENNYWISE, fingers dancing across the keys like a virtuoso.
                         
          Heroux turns to Ed Katook, who struggles to pull his clutch
          pistol from its shoulder holster. He slings the ax sideways
          just as Katook gets the pistol out, burying it in his back.

                         
                         

                         
          A shot goes off. But at the bar, conversation between two
          loggers turns to the weather. This winter will be a jeezer.
                         
          Fat Eddie King falls to the floor trying to crab away from
          the table. Heroux, bloody ax dragging on the floor, comes
          over to the fat man who pleads.
                         

                    Please Claude, I just got married
                    last month.
                         
          The ax comes down into Eddie's ample gut. Blood sprays all
          the way up to the Dollar's beamed roof.
                         
          Men at the bar laugh and eat their boiled eggs, dully aware
          of the gorefest behind them.
                         
          Heroux pulls the ax out of his gut like you would a softwood
          tree, rocking it back and forth. It finally comes free and he
          brings it down again.
                         

                         
          Eddie's severed head goes rolling over toward the bar, right
          to the foot of a drunk, who without breaking his call for
          another drink, kicks it away.
                         
          In back, Heroux turns to the last man cowering in the corner:
          Stugley Grenier. He takes a swing and Stugley ducks it, ax
          splintering the floor.
                         
          Stugley scrambles into the OUTHOUSE and closes the door
          behind. Heroux, now totally slicked with blood, stalks over
          and begins chopping his way in.
                         
          He finds the windowless room empty. A sound comes from deep
          in the pooping hole. He looks down just in time to see...
                         
          Stugley's boots disappear through the pool of shit and piss.
                         
          Heroux steps out of the outhouse into the carnage of the back
          room. Exhausted and bloody from tip to toe, he takes a seat
          at the card table, props his ax next to him, and starts
          drinking what's left of the slaughtered men's beers.
                         
          No one in the saloon seems to pay much mind to this. No one
          except Pennywise at the piano, who takes great pleasure in
          the scene and the ditty he's playing, a greasy white smile on
          his giddy, evil face...

                         
                         

                         
          The Loser's Club sits in front of Ben.
                         

                    And that is the story of the Silver
                    Dollar Saloon.
                         
          They look horrified.
                         

                    The point of telling us was?
                         
          Ben looks at Will.
                         

          I think it's pretty obvious.      Derry's not just haunted,
                                            it's cursed.
                         

                    Just like my pa was trying to warn
                    me the night I met you guys.
                         

                    That clown, whatever "IT" is, has
                    been around Derry doing nasty
                    things for a long long time. The
                    Black Spot fire. The Bradley Gang
                    massacre. All the way back to the
                    first settlers who disappeared.
                         
          Richie holds up a dog-eared copy of "A History of Old Derry".
                         

          I don't know, man.   That         Lumberjack.

                         

                    Whatevs. It sounds like bunk to
                    me. Didn't the guy who wrote this
                    go insane or something?
                         

                    Exactly. No one listened to him
                    like no one listens to us. And
                    unless we do something, "IT's"
                    never going to stop.
                         

                    What do you mean, us, Will?    We're
                    just kids.

                         
                         

                    We hurt it at Neibolt.   That's
                    gotta mean something.
                         

                    Everything dies.
                         
          Richie looks at Mike, rolls his eyes.
                         

                    We can kill it.
                         

                    Okay Schwarzenegger twins, simmer
                    down. We can't even free Eddie from
                    "mom jail" let alone take down some
                    freaky shape-shifter with a mind-
                    meld on all the adults of Derry.
                    However, I do believe we could sell
                    this story to "Tales from the
                    crypt."
                         

          No, no. This is far too         I don't want to see "it"
          whacked for "Tales."            again. Ever.
                         

                    I don't think that's a choice,
                    Stan. "IT" knows we know. We hurt
                    it. It's going to want to hurt us
                    back.
                         

                    It's only a matter of time one of
                    us is found half eaten in the
                    Barrens. Or worse.
                         
          This is too much for Stan. He grabs his backpack.
                         

                    I need to study for my bar-mitzvah.
                         
          Stan goes. All the kids look to each other.
                         

                    He's just scared.
                         

                    We're all scared. That's what it
                    feeds off of. I heard the clown
                    tell Eddie as much. Our only
                    defense is to stick together.

                         
                         

                    Yeah well, the only time I've been
                    spooked is when I'm with you
                    jokers. I'm thinking I might be
                    safer at home. At least I know my
                    parents won't try to kill me.
                         
          Richie goes too, leaving just the four.
                         
                         

                         
          Will enters the back door and grabs Stan's invitation for his
          Bar-Mitzvah off the fridge:
                         
                         







                         
          He hears fighting in the hallway.
                         

                    Put it back up there! Put it back
                    now!
                         

                    I just thought, someone else--
                         
                         

                         
          His mother stands in the way of his father who holds the
          chest of Georgie's toys.
                         

                    I don't care about anyone else. I
                    care about Georgie. I care about my
                    little boy who's gone.
                         

                    Hey.
                         
          They both startle and look at Will standing there.
                         

                    Willy, we need a minute--
                         

                    Why? To scream at each other more?

                         
                         

                    This is between your father and me.
                         

                    And Georgie right? You, dad, and
                    Georgie.
                         

                    Willy, stop.
                         

                    No. You stop. I hate   it. Tip toeing
                    around you guys like   I don't exist.
                    Like I'm the one who   died and the
                    only one who's still   here is Ge--
                         

                         
          His mother hits him hard. She instantly regrets it. She runs
          down the stairs sobbing. Zach reaches out a comforting hand.
                         

                    You okay?
                         

                    What do you care? At least she
                    heard me.
                         


                         

                    I miss Georgie, too.
                         

                    We know.
                         

                    Do you? Because it seems like
                    every adult in this town is blind
                    to what's really happening, blind
                    to what any of us kids are going
                    through.
                         
          Will shoulders past his father and runs out the door.
                         
                         

                         
          Will sits on the curb across from the storm drain that killed
          Georgie. His eyes burn with anger. He stares into the dark
          void, half expecting Pennywise's face to appear any moment.

                         
                         

                    C'mon, clown. Show your ugly face!
                    I'll stick another firecracker in
                    it for Georgie. Blow your whole
                    stupid head off. Send you back to
                    wherever a creeper like you comes
                    from. Where are you!?
                         
          He listens for a response. Nothing. Just the bubbling sound
          of water rushing through the sewer. Water. Something dawns
          on Will.
                         
                         

                         
          Will bikes up to the edge of the hulking old structure.   He
          clocks the river flowing just beyond.
                         
          Hundreds of black ravens, the same birds from Neibolt, watch
          him from perches all along the skeletal structure.
                         
                         

                         
          Will sees Bev's mom leave for work, then bikes around back
          where he clocks a tangle of pipes protruding from the back of
          the building down into a MORLOCK HOLE marked Derry Sewer.
                         
          Mr. Marsh watches Bill from the window above.
                         
                         

                         
          Will tramps down to the spot where he found the shoe. He
          looks back down the stream, water trickling out of the sewer
          pipe into the Barrens. The water.
                         
          Something watches him from inside the cylinder of the pipe.
                         
                         

                         
          Will bikes up to the mouth of the pier, the house suspended
          over the canal, its imploded facade seeming to gape back at
          Will like Munch's "The Scream." Water again. In Will's
          mind, it all comes together.

                         
                         

                         
          Eddie and his mom sit on the couch and watch soaps. Eddie
          plays with a loose thread of his cast, twisting it in his
          fingers, not a friend's signature anywhere.
                         

                         

                    Eddie? Eddie you there?
                         
          His walkie crackles from a high shelf over the TV. Mrs.
          Kaspbrack looks at her son, eyebrows raised.
                         

                    I thought I took the batteries out
                    of that thing?
                         
          Eddie shakes his head, as if to say he didn't know.     She
          points for him to get it.
                         

                    Eddie? I know where to find--
                         
          He grabs the walkie, holds it tenderly in his hands.
                         

                    Turn it off.
                         
          He complies.   BANG BANG BANG.   They both look at the door.
                         
                         

                         
          Mrs. Kaspbrak angrily swings open the door. A surprised DR.
          HANDOR, Eddie's general practitioner, is on the porch there.
                         

                    Oh! Dr. Handor. You gave me a
                    fright.
                         
          She spots Will over his shoulder, straddling his bike in the
          middle of the street.
                         

                    C'mon in.
                         
          They step inside.   Will pockets his Walkie and goes.
                         
                         

                         
          Dr. Handor checks Eddie's cast.

                         
                         

                    How you feeling, son? Any pain?
                         

                    No.   Feels fine I guess.
                         

                    Kept the cast pretty clean, I see.
                    Didn't you want any of your friends
                    to sign it?
                         

                    I'm not allowed to see them.
                         

                    Why not?
                         

                    My Mom thinks they're the reason I
                    got hurt. She says I'm sensitive
                    and they don't take care of me like
                    she does.
                         
          Dr. Handor wants to say something, but hesitates.
                         

                    She means your allergies?   Is that
                    it?
                         

                    Yeah. Mom says I should always
                    carry my Epi-pen with me, in case I
                    ever have an episode.
                         

                    Mother knows best. Is that it?
                         
          Eddie shrugs.
                         
          Dr. Handor smiles, considering his next thought. He leans in,
          too close for comfort for Eddie. For a moment it's creepy.
                         

                    Eddie, do you know what a placebo
                    is?
                         
                         

                         
          A bottle of Southern Comfort sits on a log. BLAM!
                         
          Bowers shoots at it with his dad's police issue .45. Victor
          and Snatch look on, giggling.

                         
                         
          He finally tags it, the bottle shattering into a thousand
          pieces. They all whoop and holler.
                         

                    Can I try?
                         
          He reaches for the gun.    Bowers pushes him back.
                         

                    Sure. Go put the next target out
                    there.
                         
          Travis points to the cat that's lounging there in the grass.
                         

                    You're foolin' right?
                         

                    Do I look like I'm foolin' numb
                    nuts?
                         
          Snatch grabs the kitty and runs out to the stump. He wipes
          away the glass and sets the cat down. It starts to meow and
          tries to get away.
                         

                    It's not staying.
                         
          Bower lines up a shot, sight of the barrel on the cat.
                         

                    Hold it there, butt cheese.
                         

                    What the hell is this?
                         
          Officer Bowers steps from his police cruiser in the driveway.
          His face as red as fire.
                         

                    Nothing, pa. Just cleaning your
                    gun like you asked.
                         

                    Cleaning my gun, huh?
                         
          He stalks up and grabs the gun from Travis. Smells it.
                         
          WHAP! He smacks Travis hard in the face, knocking the big boy
          to the grass.
                         

                    Normally I use a rod and cleaner
                    not bullets and whiskey.


                         

                    You two punks put your sticky
                    little fingers on my firearm here?
                         
          Victor and Snatch are too scared to talk.
                         

                    N-N-No sir.
                         
          Butch turns the gun on Travis at his feet.
                         

                    You're not worth the salt you lick
                    boy. I don't know how I let you
                    squirm your way out your momma's
                    womb.
                         

                    Pa, I'm---
                         

                         
          He shoots the ground around     Travis feet. Travis squeals like
          a girl, utterly terrified.      BLAM! BLAM! A large wet stain
          spreads around his crotch.      Butch Bowers raises the pistol,
          as if he were about to whip     Travis, who falls to the ground.
                         
          Butch shakes his head.
                         

                        
                    Look at him now boys. Nothing like
                    a little fear to make a paper man
                    crumble.

                    Clean your drawers `fore you come
                    inside.
                         
          He spits out his disgust, stalks inside.
                         
          Victor and Snatch tip-toe over to Travis, not knowing what to
          say or do. Travis does everything he can not to cry.
                         

                    You okay, Travis?
                         
          An odd wind stirs through the grass there, a yellow menacing
          gathering of clouds overhead. Travis suddenly notices...
                         
          A BALLOON, bobbing over his mailbox, string connected to
          something stuffed inside.
                         
          Travis pushes past his two cronies and goes over to the
          mailbox. Inside he pulls out THE KNIFE. The one he lost at
          the beginning. And attached to the string a note:

                         
                         
                         


                         
          A murderous look screws onto Travis' face as he turns his
          attention to his house. And his pa inside.
                         
          He snaps the string and starts toward the front door with the
          knife. The balloon floats up into the darkening sky.
                         
                         

                         
          A THUNDERCLAP outside. The coroner steps out the door. Will
          and Mike slip in behind him, Will propping open the door with
          his Walkie.
                         

                    Patrick was in one of the lockers.
                    All the water bubbled up from
                    there.
                         
          The drain. Will goes to it. Gazes down into the blackness.
                         

                    The sewers.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    "IT." Whenever it shows up,
                    there's always water around. The
                    storm drain where Georgie died.
                    The leak in my room. Beverly's
                    sink.
                         

                    My dad saw it near water, too.      The
                    canal.
                         

                    I'll bet if you trace every
                    terrible event in Derry you'll find
                    the same thing. Water. With the
                    Penobscot river on one side and
                    Kenduskeag canal cutting through
                    it's impossible to escape.
                         

                    Unless you live way out in the
                    sticks like I do. We have to tell
                    the others.

                         
                         
          Will realizes something.
                         

                    Shit, Stan's bar mitzvah.   I almost
                    forgot.
                         

                    I wasn't invited.
                         
          Will hands him his invite.
                         

                    You are now. Let's go!
                         
          A pair of YELLOW EYES glow from the drain.
                         
                         

                         
          Beverly, all gussied up in a pretty white dress, heads for
          the door. A hand snatches out from behind and seizes her arm.
                         

                    Where you think you going girl?
                         

                    My friend's party. I told ma--
                         

                    You're all prettied up. Who you all
                    prettied up for?
                         

                    No one.
                         
          He shoves her against the wall, eyes her little body up and
          down. Caresses her hair.
                         

                    Don't lie to me, Bevvie. You know
                    how I worry about you. I worry a
                    lot.
                         

                    I know daddy.
                         

                    People in town seen you. Got to
                    sayin' things. Like how my little
                    girl been sneakin' around all
                    summer long with a pack of boys.
                    Only girl to the pack.

                         
                         

                    They're my friends, daddy.
                         
          He squeezes her cheeks with one hand, holding her head in
          place.
                         

                    You sure about that, Bevvie?
                         

                    I-- I swear. They're just friends.
                         

                    Friends? I know what's in them
                    boys minds when they look at you,
                    Bevvie. I know all too well. They
                    want to do bad things. Did you let
                    them do bad things to you?
                         
          He looms over her. Something in his manner is detached. Like
          he's there but isn't there.
                         

                    I'm a good girl daddy. Good, just
                    like you raised me.
                         

                    Is that so? Then what's this?
                         
          He pulls out Ben's Haiku Poem.
                         


                         

                    You had it squirreled away in your
                    underwear drawer. Why would you
                    want to hide it with your underwear
                    Bevvie? What else are you holdin'
                    out from me.
                         

                    It's nothing, daddy.   Just a poem.
                         


                    Your hair is winter fire,

                    My heart burns there, too
                         
          He grabs her by the hair and pulls her up to him.

                         
                         

                    Sounds lusty to me. Who wrote it.
                    Which one of your boyfriends?
                         

                    I told you I don't have one.
                         

                    Don't lie to me!
                         
          He drags her down the hall by the hair.
                         

                    Daddy stop. You're hurting me.
                         

                    You're ma says you're a woman now.
                    You bled. What other womanly
                    things you been doing down in the
                    deep dark woods with those boys,
                    Bevvie.
                         
          He throws her into his bedroom.
                         

                    Nothing. Please, daddy. You don't
                    have to worry. I promise. Please!
                         

                    Let's see then. Prove to me you
                    been good.
                         
          She doesn't know what he means.
                         

                    Take off your tights.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    I love you Bevvie. You're special.
                    You're such a pretty girl. But
                    there's plenty of boys happy to
                    roon a pretty girl. Plenty of
                    pretty girls willing to be roont. I
                    need to know if you're intact.
                         
          He unbuckles his belt, but he doesn't look at her like he
          wants to whip her, there's another hunger in his eyes.
                         

                    Your tights, girl. Take `em off.

                         
                         

                    Daddy, please.
                         
          He slides off his belt and grabs her, smiling, a smile that
          feels all too reminiscent of a clown.
                         

                    You'll like it, Bevvie.   Be like
                    you're floating.
                         
          Bev kicks him in the balls. Her father lets go, crumpling
          down. She knees him in the face as hard as she can, his head
          flying back into the side of the door.
                         
          Beverly tries to race out the door but he snatches her ankle
          and she trips into the hallway. By the time she is up he is
          lunging towards her.
                         
          She stumbles back into the bathroom and shuts the door,
          trying to lock herself inside. He kicks the door open before
          the lock catches.
                         
          Without thinking Bev grabs the toilet top and smashes it in
          her dad's face. He slumps down, unconscious.
                         
          She rushes out, then uses a chair propped against the knob to
          shut him in the bathroom. Terrified she races out the front
          door.
                         
                         

                         
          Eddie stands in front of his mom, eyes blazing.
                         

                    Placebo? Who told you that? Dr.
                    Handor? He has no right. No right
                    to say you're making up your
                    sickness.
                         

                    Not me, momma... You.
                         

                    What?
                         

                    He said I was never allergic until
                    you made me start carrying around
                    my Epi-pen. You put those allergies
                    in my head.

                         
                         

                    That's a lie, Eddie! A bold faced
                    lie. You're my treasure. The only
                    thing I want in this world is to
                    see you safe and healthy.
                         

                    Then why did you send my friends
                    away?
                         
          She starts to feel the fluttery bird of panic.
                         

                    They were bad boys. You know that.
                    And you... You were so sick when
                    you were little. So very sick. It
                    hurt me so much. I never want to
                    see you go through that again. And
                    I've kept you healthy, haven't I?
                         

                    You lied to me mamma. You've been
                    giving me medicine that's not
                    really medicine.
                         

                    Eddie-bear, please--
                         

                    This is what's going to happen now.
                         
          He pulls out his Epi-pen and throws it in the trash.   Mrs.
          Kaspbrak gasps.
                         

                    I'm going out that door and you
                    won't stop me. I'm going to my
                    friend Stan's bar-mitzvah and when
                    I come home you're never going to
                    tell how weak or sick or delicate I
                    am ever again.
                         
          THUNDER crackles outside.
                         
                         

                         
          Will and Mike tear through the howling rain on their bikes.
          They almost collide into Beverly who comes dashing around a
          corner.
                         

                    Bev. You okay?

                         
                         

                    No. No I'm not.
                         
          She looks back over her shoulder, terrified and wet and
          shivering.
                         

                    What happened. Bowers?
                         

                    No.   My daddy. He... he...
                         

                    What?   What did he do Beverly?
                         
          She looks at both of them, tears running down her face, her
          pretty dress soaked in the rain.
                         

                    I don't know. I don't know if it
                    was him, or...
                         

                    What?
                         

                    I think "IT" was there, controlling
                    him, I don't know, I can't go back,
                    I can't go back, Will. I don't know

                         
          She starts to cry on Will's shoulder. Will looks at Mike.
          They both look up at the convulsive yellow sky. SOMETHING
          BIG is about to happen and they both know it.
                         
                         

                         
          With torrential downpour outside, leaking water drips from
          the ceiling onto the crowd below, who have cheerfully
          employed umbrellas indoor to deal with the nuisance.
                         
          Stan is giving a nervous, but otherwise successful reading of
          the Torah, despite the howling wind and end of days vibe.
                         
          Richie and Ben sit in the back in their little jackets.
                         

                    This storm is crazy.   Like the
                    sky's gonna fall.
                         
          SLAM! Everyone looks back towards the door, blown open by
          the wind, and at Eddie, who sheepishly was trying to slip in.

                         
                         
          Stan smiles at his friend, pleased he's out of "mom jail."
          The CANTOR gives him a nudge and continues reading.
                         
          Eddie slides in meekly next to Richie and Ben, checking his
          clip-on bowtie.
                         

                        
                    Way to make an entry, Eddie-bear.
                         

                    How'd you escape?
                         

                    Guess I'm not as weak as I thought.
                         
                         

                         
          The front door creaks open, Victor and Snatch poking their
          heads in, both soaked to the bone.
                         

                    Travis?
                         

                    Mr. Bowers?
                         
          Nothing. They see a streak of blood on the floor that leads
          to the KITCHEN and Butch Bowers on the linoleum floor in a
          red pool, stabbed dozens of times, the knife left in his eye.
                         

                    Holy shit.
                         
          Victor vomits.   The cat slips in and starts licking up the
          blood.
                         

                    Travis, dude, you okay?
                         
          Snatch continues on into the LIVING ROOM where he finds
          TRAVIS sitting in Butch's favorite Lazy-boy in front of the
          TV, which is turned on to PENNYWISE THE CLOWN SHOW.
                         
          He holds the .45, All slicked in blood, his eyes glazed.
                         

                    It's my gun now.
                         
          He turns and looks at Snatch and Victor in the doorway.

                         
                         

                         
          The STORM GROWLS outside. Richie, Ben and Eddie look at each
          other, a little on edge. Suddenly the doors crash open again
          and Stan stops, once again, looking up...
                         
          Will, Bev, and Mike slink into the back of the synagogue,
          soaking wet. The Rabbi's wife shoots them a look of daggers.
                         
                         

                         
          The reading is over and the crowd starts to gather to leave
          for the reception. Will, Bev, Ben, Richie, Eddie, and Mike
          are all huddled together. Stan is the only one not there.
                         

                    What do you mean your dad attacked
                    you?
                         

                    It was like that lumberjack Ben
                    told us about. The one from the
                    Silver Dollar. He had this look.
                    Like someone was pushing him to do
                    it.
                         

                    Not someone. "IT".
                         
          Eddie, thinking about his mother.
                         

                    You guys, if "IT" can take over
                    Beverly's parents, why not the rest
                    of ours?
                         

                    I can't go back there guys. He'll
                    kill me. Or worse.
                         
          This sinks in to everyone. There's only one thing they can
          do.
                         

                    Will knows where to find "IT."
                         

                    What do you mean?
                         

                    The sewers. Me and Mike figured it
                    out. That's how it gets around.
                    That's where it lives.

                         
                         

                    Whoa whoa whoa. You don't really

                         

                    If it means protecting Beverly,
                    count me in.
                         
          Beverly looks at Ben, consistently impressed by his defense
          of her.
                         

                    Wait, count you in to what?
                         

                    The sewers. We go in. All of us.
                         

                    And friggin do what?   In this
                    storm?
                         
          Water is actively dripping on them.
                         

                    Get rid of "IT" before "IT" gets
                    rid of us, one by one. It doesn't
                    know what to do when all of us are
                    together, you have to believe me.
                         
                         

                         
          Stan shakes hands with his aunts and uncles near the front
          door. The wind whips up the women's dresses and unhinges
          umbrellas. Will and the gang run to him and whisk him out.
                         

                    Hey guys.    How'd I do?
                         

                    I hope your schlong grew those 12
                    inches cuz you're gonna need it.
                         

                    What do you mean?
                         

                    C'mon!
                         
          The storm picks up force, wind blowing umbrellas inside out
          and from the hands of guests trudging back to the parking
          lot. One goes tumbling across the gardens and into...
                         
          THE BLACK BOILING RIVER and sinks into the dark water.

                         
                         

                         
          Will and the gang arrive like their own hurricane in the dark
          cellar workshop. Whipping around the room and picking up
          objects, Will unfurls a map on his dad's work table.
                         
          The other kids stock up on whatever armor or weapons they can
          find -- crossbow, hockey pads, a hubcap as shield, a
          sledgehammer, a hockey stick shaved into a stake, satchel
          full of car flares, hairspray. Stan is still processing
          what's going on. Mixed with their formal wear for the event,
          they look mildly ridiculous.
                         

                    Hold on. How are we-?
                         
          Richie hands Stan a chainsaw.
                         

                    Happy bar mitzvah, Jason. Bet you
                    didn't put this sucker on your gift
                    list.
                         
          Someone pounds at the door.
                         

                    Will, what are you doing in there?
                    Open up.
                         
          Everyone looks to Will.   He folds up the map into a backpack.
                         

                    We need to protect each other Stan.
                    The seven of us is all we have.
                    Together "IT" can't hurt us. I
                    promise.
                         

                    How do you know?
                         
          More knocking.
                         

                    Willy, now! We need to talk.
                         
          Will steps up to Stan.
                         

                    I have faith. Just like you.
                         
          Stan looks to the others, everyone scared but ready for
          battle. Stans steels himself, owning up his chainsaw. The
          door shakes with Zach behind it.

                         
                         

                    Damn it, Will!
                         
          Will opens the back window and the kids slip out.
                         
                         

                         
          The losers -- ALL 7 OF THEM -- stand on the threshold of the
          Old Ironworks cellar hold, the very same one PATRICK
          HOCKSTETTLER died in... a yawning chasm of mud, pools of
          water and hulking, shattered old boilers.
                         
          The rain and wind howls, lightning cracking overhead. Will
          points to a huge SEWER PIPE that juts out of the muck.
                         


                    This is our only way into Derry's
                    original sewer system before it was
                    sealed off and modernized.
                         

                         
          A bullet sparks off a iron post next to Will's head.
                         
          Travis, Snatch and Victor stand at the crest of the road
          leading to the factory. Travis has his dad's gun, aimed like
          Dirty Harry at them. He pops off another round, BLANG-PING.
                         

                    Oh, fuck!
                         
          Will grabs Bev's hand, who grabs Ben's who grab's Eddie's and
          on down the line. They follow Will around the cellar hold to
          a giant conveyor belt toppled against the edge. They scale
          down it into the chasm, bullets pinging around them.
                         
          CLICK CLICK CLICK. Travis runs out of ammo.     He throws the
          gun away and pulls out the bloody knife.
                         

                    Man, this is where Patrick
                    Hockstettler went missing.
                         

                    No way I'm going down there.
                         
          Travis glares at Snatch, PENNYWISE appearing near the boy in
          a flash of lightning.
                         
          Travis lunges with the knife and plunges it into Snatch's
          tummy. Victor watches in horror.

                         
                         


                       Still have second thoughts?
                         
          Victor shakes his head no. Snatch stumbles back and plunges
          into the darkness of the cellar hold...
                         
                         

                         
          SMACK! Snatch's lifeless body slams into the muck right in
          front of Will and the others.
                         

                       Oh my God oh my God!
                         

                       Don't look back!
                         
          They dart into the blackness of the huge, rusty pipe.
                         
          Travis turns back to Victor, a dull craze in his eyes.   He
          gestures to the conveyor the kids climbed down.
                         

                       After you.
                         
                         

                         
          The losers follow Will, who uses his dad's map to lead them
          deeper and deeper into the sewers which roar and chime with
          rushing water. They turn a corner and come to...
                         

                         
          The stream of water seems to disappear under the stone wall
          there. Everyone is terrified.
                         

                       Now what?
                         

                       Uh, guys?
                         
          He shines his light on something in the corner...
                         

                       There's suppose to be a tunnel
                       here. The last tunnel that's shown
                       on the map.
                         
          It's a SHOE.    Eddie comes over it.

                         
                         

                    Dorsey's other shoe.
                         
          Stan sweeps his flashlight up the wall.   What he finds makes
          Richie spring back.
                         

                    Uh, guys!
                         
          Scrawled in blood on the stones is a warning:
                         


                         

                    Pennywise?
                         

                    Shit, "IT" has a name.
                         
          Footsteps echo from behind them.
                         

                    Keep moving!
                         
          Stan finds a loose stone.
                         

                    Here.   Will, over here.
                         
          They all kick at the stones, which give way to...
                         
                         

                         
          Travis and Victor race down the tunnels after them. They
          turn the corner and come to the dead end, a pile of stones
          kicked out from a BLACK HOLE. Travis kneels down and looks
          into it. He can see Will and the gang's FLASHLIGHTS...
                         

                    I seeeeeeeeeee yooooooouuuu losers!
                         
                         

                         
          Will and the others slosh on their hands and knees down the
          hole, with roots and bursting through its stone ribs.
                         
          It grows narrower and narrower to the point of complete and
          utter claustrophobia. Mike looks back past Ben and sees...
                         
          Two shadowy figures crawling toward them.

                         
                         

                    Hurry!
                         
          Will, leading them, comes to a SMALL CORKSCREW in a tangle of
          roots blocking them they all have to wrench their way around.
                         
          Ben, the last of the group, GETS STUCK.
                         

                    No no no no no!   Guys!
                         
          Travis bears down, his knife clenched in his teeth.
                         

                    I'm gonna carve you up, tits. I'm
                    going to stick this blade right up
                    your asshole and split you in two.
                    Feed your ass fat to the friggin'
                    pigs.
                         
          He starts squealing like a pig. Ben is freaked. Two pair of
          hands grab Ben's arms and yank hard. He wrenches through the
          corkscrew and stumbles out into...
                         
                         

                         
          A thin membrane floats over gelatinous water, very delicate,
          almost skin like. Underneath, thousands of spiders swim, nest
          and writhe. He can actually feel their legs push against the
          underside of the layer.
                         

                    Oh my God oh my God oh my God.
                         

                    Don't jiggle it too much, whatever
                    you do.
                         

                    We don't want it to tear.
                         
          Ben freezes, the spiders knowing he's there and gathering
          under his butt. Bev, Stan, Eddie and Mike look on from solid
          ground on the other side of the membrane.
                         

                    Take off your shoes. You'll be
                    fine. Just move real real slow.
                         
          Ben, Mike and Will take off their sneaks and crawl across the
          membrane with great care. SPIDERS GATHER wherever they press
          a knee or hand, the whole thing sloshing like a water bed.

                         
                         

                         
          Travis and Victor get to the corkscrew pass. There's no way
          Travis, huge compared to the other kids, will fit through.
                         

                    No! No no no no! Fuck!
                         

                    We'll never fit. We've gotta go
                    back.
                         
          Travis grabs Victor by the scruff of the neck. A crooked,
          bloodthirsty look flashes across his ugly face.
                         

                    I need to hear them squeal.   Now
                    you'll fit.
                         
          He puts the knife into Victor's hand and points to keep
          going. For a split second Victor thinks about stabbing him,
          but he's too scared. He squeezes his rangy frame through the
          roots into...
                         
                         

                         
          Victor flops out onto the membrane just as Ben, Will and Mike
          join the others on firm ground.
                         

                    Hurry.
                         
          Victor sees them.   He's freaked.
                         

                    No. Guys. Wait! Please! Travis
                    has gone insane. I'm not trying to
                    hurt you, just...
                         
          Now noticing the room he is in, realizing the danger.
                         

                    Take me with you!
                         
          Everyone looks to Will, who sees something on the membrane
          that gives him pause.
                         

                    Victor.
                         
          Will is pointing. Beverly follows his eyes to the knife in
          Victor's hand, which has PUNCTURED THE MEMBRANE.

                         
                         


                         
          Spiders spill out onto it's surface.
                         

                    Oh god oh god!
                         
          He freaks, spiders jumping on him, his motion only ripping
          the membrane more. It finally tears and Victor plunges
          beneath the membrane, spiders devouring him, Victor screaming
          in agony as they fill his mouth.
                         
          Horrified, Will and the others run for their lives.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis hears the screaming, enjoying it.
                         

                    Good. That's good, Vic.      Kill `em.
                    Kill `em all!
                         
          Suddenly spiders start spilling out from behind the roots of
          the corkscrew. Travis screams, and kicks them away. But
          more come. Freaked, he retreats back to the sewer tunnels.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Ben, Bev, Mike, Eddie, Stan and Richie stumble from the
          dark into a massive, soaring, subterranean Pantheon-like
          hall, sewer water streaming past their feet...
                         
          In the center of the floor is a massive OCULUS, open to what
          appears to be the edge of INFINITE SPACE. The water from the
          sewers flows down into seven channels around this opening,
          ending at...
                         
          SEVEN WATERFALLS THAT FALL UPWARDS into a reflecting pool
          that covers much of the ceiling, surrounding a stone island
          with a CRYPT TYPE STRUCTURE.
                         
          The whole cavern seems to be lit from within, a sickly,
          pulsing ambient light coming from everywhere and nowhere.
                         

                    Something tells me we're not in
                    Derry anymore.
                         

                    You think?

                         
                         
          Will heads toward the edge of the oculus, where the
          waterfalls stream up.
                         

                    Don't get too close to the edge,
                    Will.
                         

                    It's up there isn't it?   That's
                    where "IT" sleeps.
                         
          Pointing at the reflecting pool.
                         

                    You mean Pennywise.
                         

                    It doesn't matter what it calls
                    itself. What matters is it's
                    afraid to show us what it really
                    is. Which means we can beat it.
                         
          Will sees Beverly over by one of the waterfalls.
                         

                    Guess I'm going first again?
                         

                    Beverly, wait-!
                         
          She jumps into the waterfall and it sweeps her up up up to
          the ceiling.
                         
          Will and the boys swap holy shit looks.   Ben jumps in after
          her, then Will, Mike, and Stan.
                         
          Richie looks to Eddie, who has the same terrified look as at
          the quarry. He holds out his hand.
                         

                    You still afraid of a little grey
                    water?
                         

                    You still wear diapers at night?
                         
          Eddie grabs Richie's hand and they jump into the waterfall
          together. They are swept up up up into...

                         
                         

                         
          Plunging into the pool with the others. For a moment they
          all flap and kick under water, unsure which way is up, then
          Bev grabs them both and pulls them to the surface.
                         
          They're upside down now, the oculus opening to space below
          them, gravity seeming to work by its own rules in here..
                         

                    We all here?
                         
          Richie looks back where they just "fell" from.
                         

                    Mind equals blown right now.
                         
          The camera flips around and THE WORLD RIGHTS ITSELF, the
          oculus now above. The pool, which seemed small before, is
          now enormous -- like a dark, brooding lake -- the crypt
          island very far from them.
                         

                    This is nothing like what it looked
                    like from below.
                         

                    It's in our head. All the stuff we
                    see. It's like the allergies my
                    mom said I had. We make it real.
                         

                    We do.   Or IT?
                         

                    Guys, the island.    Let's swim.
                         
          They splash toward the crypt island. Ben is the first to
          feel something brush past his leg. A replay of the quarry.
                         

                    Not funny, Richie.
                         
          He looks back and sees no one.   Richie is a couple of lengths
          to his left.
                         

                    What?
                         
          Ben suddenly realizes.   Bev also feels something on her foot.
                         

                    The water. There's something in
                    the water with us.

                         
                         
          Suddenly a WORMY TENTACLE extends from the water behind Mike.
          Will sees it and whacks it away with his baseball bat.
                         

                    Hurry!
                         
          The kids hustle it freestyle across the pool for the island.
                         
          WE PULL BACK WIDE TO SEE a monstrously big, faintly outlined
          starfish-like creature with an orange glowing eye, lurking in
          the depths of the reflecting pool.
                         
          Will, then Bev, then Richie dodge a tentacle and all get to
          the island. Stan is not far behind, with Mike, Eddie and Ben
          taking the rear, swatting back more tentacles.
                         
          From under Stan the ORANGE EYE APPEARS, the dark water around
          him suddenly aglow. He looks down into it and it becomes
          clear the eye is really a mouth, and the orange is coming
          from deep inside its bowels -- THE DEADLIGHTS.
                         
          Stan looks directly into them and is mesmerized, so much so
          that he stops swimming.
                         

                    Stan what are you doing!
                         
          Paralyzed, Stan starts to sink toward the deadlights when
          Mike, shielding his eyes, grabs Stan and swims him back to
          the surface.
                         
          All the kids give cover with their weapons -- shooting
          flares, swinging the sledgehammer, impaling with the stake,
          using the hubcap as a shield -- so that Mike, helped by Ben
          and Eddie, can drag Stan onto the island.
                         

          Stan? Stan, are you okay?       Stan!
                         
          He stares blankly ahead, as if his mind was wiped blank.
                         

                    Stan, it's us. You in there buddy?
                         
          Another tentacle squirms out of the water toward them. Ben
          shoots it with a crossbow. It goes slithering back in.
                         

                    Guys. I don't think this is the
                    best place to hang out right now.
                         

                    Stanley, snap out of it.

                         
                         
          Stan blinks conscious.   He looks at them all.
                         

                    Where am I?
                         

                    The worst and only bar mitzvah
                    party you will ever have.
                         
          They help Stan to his feet. Mike looks back over his shoulder
          for the monster.
                         

                    Guys, the water thing.    IT's gone.
                         
          Indeed, the reflecting pool is placid as ice.
                         
          Will looks back to the crypt, an obsidian stone heptagon-
          shaped structure the size of one of Mike's killing pens.
                         

                    Maybe. Or just changing into
                    something else.
                         

                    What do you mean?
                         

                    It's using our fears against us.
                    It wants us to be afraid.
                         

                    Because we'll taste better.
                         

                    And that's supposed to rally us,
                    Will?
                         

                    We have to stick together, to help
                    each other against that kind of
                    fear you only have when you're
                    alone. Alright?
                         
          They all nod and follow Will onto the structure, starry deep
          space through the oculus visible over their shoulders. They
          come to a child-sized TRAP DOOR with an ancient, cosmic
          marking. The only way in or out.
                         

                         

                    Ready?

                         
                         
          The kids steal themselves, weapons ready. Mike hammers a
          clip into the stone and ties a rope to it. Nods all around.
                         

                         
          The door creaks open. Nothing but pure blackness inside.
          Mike throws down the rope. Will looks at Bev.
                         

                     My turn.
                         
          Will takes a breath, drops in...
                         
                         

                         
          Will shimmies down about 5 feet of rope and lights a car
          flare, illuminating the chamber in a blood red pall. The
          walls inside are rough, like the surface of a meteor.
                         
          Directly under the trapdoor is a fountain like hole in the
          floor open to the reflecting pool. Floating on the water is
                         

                         
          Pennywise emerges from the shadows behind Will, clinging to
          the wall, joints all turned and wrong, like a spider.
                         

                     Welcome to the circus, Willy.
                         

                         
          The trapdoor slams shut and slices the rope. Will falls to
          the floor, flare falling into the water. It dims but doesn't
          go out.
                         
          It's near PITCH BLACK. Just Will and Pennywise. He can hear
          his friends banging on the door, calling for him but can't
          see anything.
                         
          There's scuffling all around him. Close. Will dives into
          the water for the flare. Rises. Sweeps it around.
                         

                         

                     I'm not afraid of you, clown.
                         

                     Your brother wasn't afraid either.
                         
          A PAIR OF ORANGE EYES GLOW ABOVE HIM, IN THE DARK.   Will
          can't see him.

                         
                         

                    Not until I chewed his little
                    muscles up.
                         
          Will turns just in time for the eyes to recede into the
          black. The pounding on the trap door has stopped.
                         

                    Guys?
                         

                         

                    Ahhhh!
                         
          Will drops his bag of flares and scrambles off, tripping over
          the hole in the floor, leg sloshing in the pool.
                         
          Glimpses of Pennywise scuffling in the dark like a spider.
                         
          Will finds a corner, the flare running out of spark. He
          waves it this way and that, illuminating the dark in front of
          him. Swinging his baseball bat wildly at shadows.
                         

                    Come out from the dark then. Come
                    out from behind that stupid mask
                    and show me what you really are.
                    C'mon!
                         
          Will looks at the last light of his flare, waiting for the
          end. He looks the bat in his clutch only to see it's morphed
          into...
                         

                         
          He throws it away into the darkness.   The flare goes out.
                         

                         

                    Ooooh I'd love to, Will. I'd just
                    love to show you my deadlights.
                    Only you wouldn't understand. And
                    I need you to, Willy, I really
                    really need you to understand
                    what's going to happen to you.
                    What it means for a little kiddie
                    like you... to float.
                         
          A light seems to emanate from the pool underneath them,
          illuminating the space, illuminating...
                         


                         
                         
          Will sees all of "IT" now. From his bare crusty feet to his
          bald head. His claw-like hands and his emaciated acrobat-
          like body. He floats just a few inches over the stone floor.
                         
          Will's eyes fall to the baseball bat half-way between them.
          He lunges for it, Pennywise knocking it away. The clown
          seizes his neck, smiles hungrily, bares his twisted fangs.
                         

                    I'm sorry, Georgie.
                         
          Pennywise goes for a bite and...
                         

                         
          An arrow shoots through it's face. The injured clown recoils
          away. Bev flops out from the reflecting pool, followed by
          Ben, Richie, Stan, Eddie, and Mike.
                         

                    Break into our homes, we break into
                    yours.
                         
          Pennywise pulls the arrow from his bloody mouth.
                         

                    Charge!
                         

                         
          Mike with crow bar, Stan with chainsaw, Ben with a hub cap
          shield and sledgehammer, Richie with his hockey stick stake,
          Eddie with a nail gun. Will grabs his bat and joins them.
                         
          Pennywise tries to fend off this "Lord of the Flies"
          rebellion, becoming bigger, fiercer, more grotesque, but the
          kids are too much. Just when they have "IT" bleeding and
          backed into a corner for the death blow...
                         

                    Wait!
                         
          Will grabs Ben's sledgehammer. The creature that looks up at
          them isn't Pennywise but... GEORGIE
                         

                    Please, Willy. Please don't hurt
                    me.
                         

                    You're not Georgie.

                         
                         

                    I am. I'm in here, Willy. We all
                    are. This is the place we float.
                         

                    Will, it's a trick.
                         

                    It's not your fault Willy. Not
                    you're fault I'm stuck here. But
                    you're hurting us all.
                         

                    It's trying to get to you, Will.
                    Kill it. Kill it now.
                         

                    No!   I have to think.
                         

                    Mom and dad they should know. They
                    should know it's not your fault.
                    I'll tell `em. I'll tell `em as
                    long as you don't hurt us anymore.
                         
          Will is confused. This is the one thing he wanted to hear.
          Beverly hands him his satchel with the car flares.
                         

                    Finish him, Will. For all of us.
                    For Georgie.
                         
          Will looks to the scared little boy on the ground.
                         

                    I'm taking this fucker out.
                         

                    No.
                         
          Will grabs his stake away. He turns to Georgie.   Kneels
          down. Takes his wet little head in his hands.
                         

                    I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't go
                    out there with you. I'm sorry I
                    was sick.
                         

                    It's okay, Willy. I know.
                    Everything'll be okay.
                         



                         
                         

                    Hairspray.
                         
          Bev sprays it through his lit flare.   Torching Georgie.
                         

                    No!   No Willy! Please!
                         
          GEORGIE REVERTS BACK TO PENNYWISE, screaming horribly and
          lunging at the kids one last time. IT finally gives up,
          slumping to the floor dead, a black charred clownish corpse.
                         
          Richie touches the remains and they deflates, almost as if a
          balloon.
                         
          The trapdoor above them blows away, as if it were sucked off
          by a cyclone, out of the oculus, and into what looks like the
          stars of outer space.
                         

                    Did we kill it?
                         
          Will isn't sure, he looks at the rest of them.
                         

                    You did it, Will.
                         
          Bev hugs him.   Ben watches, enviously.
                         

                    It's miller ti--
                         
          Suddenly the GRAVITY SPELL WEARS OFF and the kids all fall to
          the ceiling of the stone crypt. Bev almost falls out into
          space, caught by Ben just in time.
                         
          The water from the waterfalls and from the reflecting pool
          all collapse back toward the floor, along with some of the
          stones in the crypt around them, which begins to crumble.
                         
          At first the losers hang on, afraid to fall, but eventually
          they lose grip and fall toward the oculus, which has begun to
          fill up with the water from the falls and reflecting pool.
                         
          They all plunge safely into the new pool below, Will's foot
          kicking out the bottom of it into outer space before being
          pulled back by Stan.
                         

                    We've got to get out of here.

                         
                         

                         
          The losers hurry their way out of the sewers, storm water
          quickly rising around them. Will leads the way with a car
          flare. They come to another dead-end grate.
                         

                    Shit!
                         

                    We'll get out. C'mon.
                         
                         

                         
          They continue to look for a way out, the water now up to
          their chests. The losers look cold, lost, and in despair.
                         

                    We're going to drown down here
                    aren't we?
                         
                         

          I'm so cold.                      All this water. It's still
                                            going to win.
                         

                    No. I don't know--
                         

                    We're dead. So dead.
                         

                    Guys, stop it. Focus.
                         
          Everyone turns to Bev. Their muse. Their light.
                         

                         

                         

                         

                         

                         
          SHE TAKES Will'S FACE IN HER HANDS

                         
                         

                         
          One by one the kids shoot out of a STORM PIPE into the
          PENOBSCOT RIVER, just like Georgie's paper boat. They pop up
          like tops, blinking owlishly against the daylight.
                         
          The sky is blue.   The storm has passed.
                         
                         

                         
          Will, Bev, Mike, Ben, Richie, Eddie and Stan slump soaked,
          shivering, and exhausted on the embankment. Derry is in full
          view across the river, a red ball setting behind it.
                         
          They gather themselves on the bank, breathing hard as the
          adrenaline of survival courses through their veins.
                         

                    Now can we celebrate?
                         

                    Will?
                         
          Stan sees an OBJECT GLITTER in the sunlight. He picks it up,
          face sober and thoughtful -- an old GLASS COKE BOTTLE. He
          takes it by the neck, shatters it against a rock, and
                         

                         
          Will knows exactly what this means. He steps up to Stan, who
          SLASHES Will'S PALM with the shard. One by one the others
          approach, Stan slashing everyone's palms, does his own last.
                         

                    Swear, guys. Swear if IT isn't
                    dead, if it ever returns, we'll
                    come back and fight it together.
                         
          They all clasp hands and lock eyes. A BLOOD OATH IS SWORN.
                         
                         

                         
          Travis, hair now SHOCK WHITE, expression blank and broken,
          sits in his chair in front of white fuzz of the TV. His
          father's corpse is still on the floor, blood matted
          everywhere. POUNDING ON THE FRONT DOOR.

                         
                         

                         
          Chief Borton and other Derry cops frog march Travis out of
          the house in cuffs through a scene of POLICE, NEWS REPORTERS,
          and a CORONER CARTING OUT A BODY BAG.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike races past nurses and doctors, a swell of optimism
          building with every stride. He turns the corner into...
                         
                         

                         
          Leroy's bed is empty. His mom is packing up his dad's things.
          She looks up, tears in her eyes. Mike is devastated.
                         

                    But we beat It.    We beat the
                    cancer.
                         

                    What are you talking about?
                         

                    Derry.   The clown.    It.
                         
          Mike's mom takes him into her arms.
                         

                    He's in a better place, Mikey. I
                    know it's hard to believe. But you
                    have to. Remember what your father
                    always said...
                         
                         

                         
          Leroy shows Mike a baby lamb, freshly born from its mother's
          womb.
                         

                    See son, everything has a cycle.
                    Just when you think the world
                    couldn't get any colder, something
                    good always grows.
                         
                         

                         
          Mike holds his mother tight, remembering, tears rolling down
          his cheeks. A PIANO BEGINS TO PLAY...

                         
                         

                         
          Fur Elise. Will recognizes it as he comes up the front walk.
          It comes from INSIDE HIS HOUSE. He races inside, hopeful,
          past a box of Georgie's toys left out on the sidewalk.
                         

                         
                         

                         
                         


                         
          Zach and Sharon Denbrough pack the last of the camping gear
          on top of the family Wagoneer.
                         

                    Load up!
                         
          Will stands at the curb with his gang -- Richie, Ben, Bev,
          Eddie, Stan, and Mike. They hand him a present.
                         

                    We all pitched in.
                         

                    Well Richie mostly.
                         

                    I had to mow like five hundred
                    lawns. Stan smoked the clippings.
                         

          What does that even mean?       You gonna open it?
                         
          Will does. Inside is a VINTAGE PENTAX CAMERA.
                         

                    We hear Arcadia's pretty amazing
                    this time of year.
                         

                    Take some pictures for us.
                         

                    Thanks.

                         
                         
          They have a group hug.
                         

                     Willy c'mon!
                         
                         

                         
          They pull out of the driveway, camera on Will's lap. Zach and
          Sharon smile back affectionately from the front seat.
                         
          Will turns to see his friends wave bon voyage with their
          SCARRED HANDS. A reminder of an oath to be kept.
                         
                         

                         
          As Will drives off we RISE UP UP UP over the intersection
          Georgie was killed, HIGH OVER DERRY, until we come to...
                         
          A floating RED BALLOON
                         
          It POPS!
                          

