



Break-out-of-frames script
By Website Abstraction 
Over 400+ free scripts here!
Above notice MUST stay entact for use


if 
top.location.href=location.href






	                 Star Trek: The Motion Picture

	                           Screenplay by:


	                              Story by:





	                                                       July 19, 1978









	      An ever expanding infinity of light and color as CAMERA            


	      TRAVELS THROUGH deep space, MOVING DIRECTLY for one
	      pinpoint of light: a STAR GROWING RAPIDLY as we SWEEP
	      TOWARD IT, a normal white star SUDDENLY CHANGING,
	      brightening, flaring unbelievable intensity: supernova.
	      The CAMERA HOLDS just a moment, then MOVES on, SEARCH-
	      ING through space, the jeweled beauty of other star
	      systems, sparkling nebulae, swirling hydrogen clouds.
	      STILL MOVING, then CAMERA FINDS:



	      In the far distance, slowly growing in size as CAMERA
	      APPROACHES: it resembles, vaguely at this distance, an
	      Aurora Borealis: flaring colors from the fringes,
	      beautiful yet ominous. It is so large, this Cloud, it
	      can envelope an entire solar system. CAMERA CONTINUES
	      APPROACHING the Cloud, and then suddenly, crossing
	      our POV, a:



	      In a graceful, turning arc toward the mysterious
	      LUMINESCENCE. CAMERA FOLLOWS this Klingon, then FINDS
	      a second Klingon cruiser, also turning toward the Cloud,
	      which continues to grow in size as the Klingons
	      approach at warp speed, CAMERA CLOSING on the lead
	      ship, until the vessel's detail can be clearly MADE
	      OUT: lights, weaponry, power systems, identification
	      emblazoned on the nacelles and saucer in Klingon
	      language .



	      Clearly alien, an ODD-SOUNDING KLAXON signaling
	      "battle stations." Orders issued in KLINGON LANGUAGE,
	      the KLINGON CAPTAIN and EXEC peering at an unusual
	      bridge viewer at the huge area of LUMINESCENT HAZE
	      directly ahead. In KLINGON DIALOGUE:


	                        



	      goes suddenly  to a TACTICAL GRID SYSTEM, showing the
	      LUMINESCENT HAZE to be an ENORMOUS BLIP OF LIGHT ON
	      THE SCREEN, with two TINY PINPRICKS OF LIGHT complete-
	      ing their turn on a direct course toward it.



	      The Patrol is clearly SEEN now on the right of the 
	      bottom of the FRAME... THREE tiny ships closing on the             


	      steadily growing LUMINESCENT HAZE.



	      All eyes on the viewer that shows the ships sweeping
	      on the Mysterious cloud.


	                        
	                Visual.

	      The TECHNICIAN makes the switch.



	      growing ever larger, its flaring colors menacing,
	      mysterious, strangely beckoning.



	      The crew stands by for battle.


	                        
	                Tactical again. Stand by on
	                torpedoes.



	      sliding open, the glowing "Hell Fire" of the Photon
	      Launch tubes, slowly revealed.



	      They are tiny, insect-like shapes moving still CLOSER
	      to the Luminescent Cloud, so large now that it begins
	      to dominate all space behind.




	      The growing nearness and enormous size of the Cloud
	      also reflected on the Tactical Grid, somehow more
	      awesome by this schematic view. The Captain gestures
	      the order to "FIRE."



	      The BRILLIANT PHOTON BLOBS of the torpedoes spurt from 
	      the tubes.



	      A deadly PHOTON TORPEDO pattern racing away from the
	      Klingon and toward the Luminescent glow in the distance.



	      Three torpedoes are heading directly toward the Cloud.
	      Suddenly they glow briefly and disappear long before
	      they reach their intended target.



	      incredulous that their torpedoes have disappeared
	      without a trace.



	      as the second and third ships launch torpedoes toward
	      the color-flaring surface of the cloud. This time we
	      have an outside, real VIEW of the torpedoes glowing
	      brightly and then disappearing with no effect.



	      The Klingon crew grim, desperate, watching a BRIGHT
	      STACCATO BLIP OF POWER from within the LUMINESCENCE.


	                        
	                Full force fields; evasive
	                maneuvers.



	      Out of the LUMINESCENCE hurtles a FRIGHTENING WHIPLASH
	      OF ENERGY. It bears down on the Klingon Patrol, now
	      in an evasive maneuver. Then the WHIPLASH BOLT hits
	      the third cruiser in a writhing flare of energy which
	      totally engulfs the vessel.

	      The other two ships veer off, warping around again into
	      attack position. The THIRD SHIP has begun to implode
	      in on itself, the matter-energy of its existence
	      drained by the WHIPLASH BOLT that HOLDS IT.



	      desperately defending themselves, FORCE FIELDS FULL UP,
	      RAPIDLY FIRING PHOTON TORPEDOES. But now a SECOND
	      WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT has emerged from the cloud and
	      hits the second vessel, DESTROYING it.

	      The THIRD WHIPLASH BOLT glances off the surviving
	      Cruiser as the ship retreats in a wide, evasive turn,
	      FIRING from stern tubes.



	      The bridge shattered; Klingon bodies. The mortally-
	      wounded Captain is transmitting urgently:


	                        
	                ... severely damaged. Returning
	                fire...



	      Serenity here. A barren, rocky small plantoid softly
	      lit by the myriad stars. This is a small Starfleet 
	      outpost, antennae sprouting everywhere. Tiny figures
	       servicing one antenna illustrate the size
	      of the installation.



	      SHOWING the battle scene, and the VOICE OF THE KLINGON
	      CAPTAIN in his last stand against the Object; his VOICE
	      is weary, almost mechanical. On the adjacent viewer,
	      an English printout of the Klingon's words chatters
	      along the bottom of the picture:


	                        
	                Imperial Klingon Cruiser Amar...
	                severely damaged by unfamiliar
	                weaponry... intruder unidentified..



	      At the viewers are a FEMALE LIEUTENANT and FOUR TECH-
	      NICIANS. COMMANDER BRANCH, a young, alert, enters hur-
	      riedly, scans he console.


	                Our sensor drone is intercepting
	                this on Quad L-14.


	                ... believe luminescent cloud 
	                to be enormous power field 
	                surrounding alien vessel... 
	                size and description unknown.. 
	                our sensor scans unable to 
	                penetrate. Imperial Klingon 
	                Cruiser Amar... continuing 
	                to attack.


	                That's within Klingon boundaries.
	                Who are they fighting?


	                Unknown, sir.

	      A violent EXPLOSION inside the Klingon bridge -- Klingon
	      Captain's body is thrown violently against the bulkhead.


	                I have an exterior visual!



	      showing EXTERIOR of the Klingon vessel: a final,
	      frightening WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT strikes it -- then
	      the same awesome IMPLOSION INTO FIREBALL.



	      The Starfleet station onlookers react to the utter
	      annihilation of the huge cruiser. And now, past where
	      the cruiser just disappeared -- the mysterious LUMINES-
	      CENCE approaching in distance. Technician hits a
	      switch, magnifying the strange CLOUD.


	                We've plotted a course on that
	                cloud, Commander: it will pass
	                into Federation Space fairly 
	                close to us.


	                Heading?



	      as its focal point shifts to the huge elliptically-
	      shaped LUMINESCENCE racing across the sky. MUSIC
	       COMMENCES in a low, unresolved CHORD
	      that remains in the background through the remainder
	      of this scene, and the beginning of the next one.


	                Sir, it's on a precise heading
	                for Earth.

	      Ominously now the LUMINESCENCE increases in size, and
	      begins to fill the viewer. HOLD A MOMENT, and then:



	      with the CAMERA MOVING THROUGH masses of thick, steamy
	      vaporous clouds, swirling about, rising boilingly up
	      from some unseen, underground source. The CAMERA
	      CONTINUES MOVING through clouds.

	      And then... the Vulcan landscape. Harsh, strange
	      angular peaks and rock formations -- the barren, legend-
	      ary mountain home of Vulcan Masters.



	      Spock's lean features instantly recognizable despite
	      unkempt, longer hair and the fatigue born of a long,
	      harsh discipline he has undergone. His robes, tattered
	      and dust covered, are that of a Vulcan Aspirant in
	      study with the Masters. Under the V'ger THEME MUSIC
	      we HEAR a VOICE in ritual tones:


	                Spock, son of Sarek of Vulcan... 
	                and of Amanda of Earth... 
	                diligently you have labored for 
	                purification of mind...



	      In b.g., gigantic ancient Vulcan statues and ruins. In f.g., 
	      the stone platform on which Spock stands facing a semi-circle 
	      of three similar platforms. On them in regal robes are three 
	      VULCAN MASTERS. The Master in the center is a female, the 
	      other two Masters are male. The elderly female is holding a 
	      cord and ancient pendant as if ready to place it around            


	      Spock's neck at an appropriate moment. Spock is staring up 
	      as V'ger THEME MUSIC fades.


	                        
	                Spock . . . !

	      Spock turns, giving a small contrite nod -- the ritual
	      continues.


	                Here are these sands, our fore-
	                bearers cast out their animal 
	                passions. Here our race was 
	                saved by the first attainment of 
	                Kolinahr.


	                Kolinahr: the final shedding of 
	                all emotion.


	                You have labored long, Spock.
	                Now receive from us this symbol
	                of total logic.

	      Spock starts to kneel... the Female Master moves in,
	      intending to put the ancient pendant around his neck. 
	      But Spock now hesitates -- he's troubled as though 
	      uncertain he deserves this symbol and waves the 
	      pendant away. Then, a faint reprise of the V'ger THEME 
	      MUSIC now causes the Female Master to look skyward. 
	      She turns from this back to Spock as she exchanges a 
	      look with the Male Masters.               


	                        
	                Come, give me your thoughts.

	      She kneels with Spock -- lays her hands on his temples 
	      in Vulcan mind-meld position.


	                        
	                Our minds, Spock... One and
	                together....

	      Their eyes close -- their minds meld -- then her head
	      jerks slightly, her features change as her mind feels
	      Spock's reactions to the V'ger consciousness. A long
	      moment, then she opens her eyes, gets to her feet and
	      looks down on the still kneeling Spock. Then, she
	      casts aside the pendant she carries -- it falls into
	      the dust.


	                        
	                This consciousness which calls --
	                it stirs your human half, Spock?
	                You have not achieved Kolinahr --
	                Your human emotions are not fully
	                extinguished.
	                       
	                He will not achieve his goal with
	                us. His answer lies elsewhere.

	      The three Masters leave -- Spock watches them go, his
	      disappointment evident even in his stoic features.



	      CAMERA CLOSES IN on his face as we again HEAR a frag-
	      ment of V'ger THEME MUSIC -- Spock again raises his
	      head and peers up into the heavens. HOLD on his face
	      a moment, then...





	      gleaming silver in the sun as it streaks TOWARD THE
	      CAMERA POSITION and hurtles PAST.




	      From this vantage, we can SEE all of twenty-third
	      century San Francisco stretched out before us. In
	      the b.g., the familiar forms of the carefully preserved
	      Golden Gate Bridge and Transamerica Pyramid Building
	      serve as our only reminders that this is, indeed, San
	      Francisco.

	      The AIR TRAM (an anti-gravitational train flying
	      several feet above the ground) DECELERATES sharply,
	      settles to the ground with a whisper.



	      The doors opening, and various TRAVELERS (civilians
	      and Starfleet personnel) leaving the tram, striding
	      onto the platform, continuing on their respective
	      ways. Among the departing throng:



	      in Admiral's uniform, grim, determined, moving through
	      the throng. Now and then Starfleet officers nod re-
	      spectfully; KIRK responds with detached formality; his
	      mind is clearly set on something he is resolved to ac-
	      complish here in headquarters -- whatever the cost.
	      CAMERA WITH HIM, to:



	      as Kirk strides into the graceful Starfleet HQ building.
	      Many PEOPLE are about, civilians and uniformed person-
	      nel; most of them with some air of urgency. (NOTE:
	      ALIENS interspersed among them, Vulcans, blue-skinned
	      Andorians, high-domed Vegans, ect.) Kirk continues on
	      when suddenly he reacts, annoyed as he sees:



	      a Vulcan, Lt Commander; short, white-haired, grizzled,
	      hurrying along. Kirk calls to him:


	                Commander Sonak... !

	      SONAK turns with Vulcan imperturbability to face Kirk
	      who steps toward him


	                        
	                You've received your appointment
	                as Enterprise Science Officer?


	                        
	                Based, I am told, on your
	                recommendation, Admiral. Thank                           
	                you.


	                Why aren't you on board?


	                Captain Decker requested I complete
	                final Science briefing here before...


	                        
	                Here at Starfleet...? The
	                Enterprise is in final preparation
	                to leave dock...


	                Which will require twenty more
	                hours at minimum, Admiral...


	                Twelve! I'm on my way to a meeting
	                with Admiral Nogura which will not 
	                last more than three minutes.
	                Report to me on the Enterprise in
	                one hour.


	                To you, sir?


	                I intend to be there following 
	                that meeting. Report to me. One 
	                hour!

	      And Kirk turns, strides purposefully away. Sonak gazes
	      after him, one eyebrow raised quizzically.



	      In f.g., Orbital drydock offices, rotating slowly but
	      perceptibly against blue-black of space. Small figures
	      in spacesuits working on construction, with work belts.
	      Beyond and below... Earth. In the far distance we can
	      barely make out an orbital drydock.



	      The cluster is a fully-equipped dockyard engineering
	      center and computer drafting office.

	      CAMERA MOVES IN AND CENTERS ON an outer "Travel Pod."



	      an installation which also includes a double position
	      transporter, in which we SEE the TRANSPORTER EFFECT
	      BEGIN. With the TRANSPORTER CREW IS SCOTT. He's with
	      a Technician, busy with a piece of complex circuitry.
	      Then he turns, sees that it is Kirk BEAMING in here.
	      As Kirk materializes, steps off the transporter plat-
	      form, Scott moves quickly to him.



	      The starship Engineering Officer clearly surprised to
	      see Kirk here. Kirk has the same look of grim de-
	      termination we just saw in the headquarters building.


	                Admiral, I've been hoping to see
	                you. Maybe you can get through 
	                to those thick heads in Starfleet
	                that...


	                Why aren't the Enterprise
	                transporters in operation, Mister
	                Scott?


	                We're hoping it's only a temporary
	                problem, Admiral...


	                See that it is.
	                        
	                Take me over, please.

	      Scott is now eying Kirk just a little warily as he fol-
	      lows him into the pod. Kirk's determined expression
	      suggests that some chips are going to fly and Scott
	      does not want to become one of them.


	                        
	                Admiral, the Enterprise has just
	                finished eighteen months redesign-
	                ing and refitting. She needs 
	                testing, a shakedown...


	                Mr. Scott, there's an alien object
	                with unbelievable destructive 
	                power less than three days away 
	                from this planet...

	      Kirk hits a button on the travel pod panel -- the air-
	      lock doors SLAM closed behind them. Then, stepping im-
	      mediately to the front observation window:


	                        
	                ... the only Starship in
	                interception range is the
	                Enterprise! Ready, or not, she
	                launches in twelve hours!

	      Scott throws Kirk an appalled look but is now occupied
	      in sealing the Outer Pod door and manipulating drive
	      controls.

	      CAMERA CONTINUES TO PULL BACK TO REVEAL front of the
	      Pod and arms of the office complex as Pod disconnects
	      and starts to move.



	      CAMERA CONTINUES TO PULL BACK TO REVEAL front of the
	      pod and arms of the office complex as Pod disconnects
	      and starts moving.





	       as it moves way from the office complex. We can
	      SEE the jet flames of its tiny thrusters as it cir-
	      cles around, heads off (toward the distant Orbital
	      dry dock).



	      Scott nervously eying Kirk, and finally deciding to
	      make one more effort:


	                The crew hasn't had near enough
	                transition time with all the new
	                equipment. And the engines,
	                Admiral: they've yet to be even
	                tested at warp power. Add to 
	                that, an untried Captain...


	                        
	                Two and a half years as Chief of
	                Starfleet Operations may have
	                made me a little stale, Mr. Scott
	                -- but I wouldn't exactly consider
	                myself 'untried.'

	      It takes Scott a moment to comprehend, and Kirk smiles
	      now, nods:


	                        
	                They gave her back to me, Scotty.

	      Scott peers at him, genuinely surprised -- and pleased.
	      Then:


	                "Gave' her back, sir...? I doubt
	                it was that easy...
	                        
	                But any man who could manage such
	                a feat, I wouldna dare disappoint.
	                She'll launch on time, sir...
	                        
	                And she'll be ready.

	      And he clasps Kirk's elbow affectionately, then gestures
	      Kirk to look out the pod window.



	      as he looks out: the blue-black of orbital space.



	      Scott is well aware of what the Enterprise means to
	      Kirk. As Scott maneuvers the pod to provide the best
	      perspective, Kirk peers through the observation window,
	      craning his head, hungry for his first glimpse of the
	      starship. Scott is watching him, immensely pleased.



	      as we SEE the drydock and more of its detail, and a
	      hint of what is inside.







	      PAST Kirk and Scott the corner of the drydock becomes
	      larger -- we begin SEEING more of it. And then the
	      merest glimpse of what is inside the drydock: The
	      Enterprise slips INTO VIEW.



	      as he watches, his face reflecting all of it: the awe,
	      the wonder, the romance, the obsession. The one comp-
	      lete love of his life. And with that love regained,
	      he is becoming more fully alive again.

	      Kirk looks at Scott; for a moment both hold each other's
	      eye. Scott knows precisely how Kirk feels. Both turn
	      to the window again.



	      Now DOMINATING the SCREEN -- the awesome, symmetrical
	      bulk of the starship comes fully INTO VIEW. And it
	      dominates Kirk's -- and our emotions.





	      The great ship dwarfs everything. The drydock becomes
	      a fragile filigree framing the ship's great curved
	      bulk. The tiny pod continues to move along it.

	      Small automated welding devices move along the gird-
	      ers, working with brief, bright orange-white flares.
	      In other areas of metal lace structure, supplies and
	      equipment are being loaded onto the ship. The pod
	      continues moving ,
	      watched carefully by the TINY FIGURES OF SUPERVISING
	      TECHNICIANS on the drydock. Now the pod moves toward
	      mating position. It closes in, secures itself to the
	      outer airlock.



	      Scott completing the mating procedure, Kirk turning
	      from the observation window. Outside, the metallic..
	      CLICK of the pod locking onto the airlock. Now the
	      "WHOOSH" of the latch doors securing, the CLANG of
	      security bolts. It's all been a rare and delicious
	      moment for Kirk, and his face shows it.

	      OVER the POD INTERCOM we HEAR, "Pod secured. Pressure
	      equalized." Scott moves the control to open the hatch.



	      A confusion of organized work and VOICES. The cargo
	      deck bustles with activity; supplies and equipment
	      being stored and installed.



	      Kirk and Scott are met by a nervous, perspiring



	                Permission to come aboard, sir...?


	                Granted, sir. Welcome aboard,
	                Admiral... Commander Scott,
	                you're needed in Engineering
	                immediately.


	                        
	                Sir, you'll excuse me...?

	      Kirk gestures him to leave, and Scott hurries away.
	      Kirk stands a moment, gazing down at the cargo deck.



	      The crew maneuvering antigravity devices which move
	      heavy containers -- scrambles of activity at storage
	      holds and maintenance lockers.



	      Kirk is drinking it all in. He's home.


	                        
	                Sir, if you'll follow me, I'll...


	                I think I can find my way,
	                Ensign.

	      And Kirk moves off, leaving the Ensign gazing at him,
	      relieved.



	      Kirk ENTERS ANGLE and the doors snap open.



	      as Kirk enters. The doors close. Kirk waits a beat,
	      savoring this moment too. Then, firmly to the control
	      panel:


	                Bridge!

	      The turbo-elevator HUMS WITH POWER as it begins hur-
	      tling up. On the wall back of Kirk we SEE an electronic
	      diagram of the Enterprise tracking the elevator's 
	      speedy trip to the Bridge.



	      A confusion of activity and VOICES. Pieces o equip-
	      ment in a state of disarray: consoles open, fiber
	      optic tubes unconnected, viewing screens dismantled.
	      It's a frantic, desperate scene -- a ship and crew to-
	      tally unprepared. In the midst of this: ALIEN
	      ensign is assisting UHURA deftly
	      working her communications station, AD LIBBING
	      "... Hailing frequency four, check. Hailing frequency
	      five, will someone please check me?" At the helm,
	      sweat-soaked SULU  has a service
	      plate open, is peering inside to make delicate adjust-
	      ments, AD LIBBING "... Helm, now give me a reading on
	      four point zero zero six of full." And at the Weapons
	      Control, CHEKOV argues with TECHNICIANS who
	      insist photon torpedoes read "ready" while Chekov
	      argues the computer is not relaying that information.



	      snapping open -- and there is Kirk. For the moment no
	      one notices him, and he stands watching, remembering.
	      And then he moves forward toward the command center.



	      as she is the first to see him. She reacts,pleased.


	                Captain... Starfleet just 
	                signaled your transfer-of-
	                command orders!



	      as everyone else is suddenly aware of Kirk.

	      All work stops, with various AD LIBBED greetings from
	      the old crew: "Admiral Kirk..." "It's the Captain...!"
	      etc., etc. But most sit or stand, simple gaping at
	      Kirk, all quite awed. The old hands, Uhura, Sulu, and
	      Chekov start converging on Kirk. But he gestures them
	      back, speaking crisply.


	                I appreciate the welcome; I wish
	                the circumstances were less
	                critical.
	                        
	                Epsilon Nine is monitoring the
	                intruder; keep a channel open to
	                them.
	                        
	                Where is Captain Decker?


	                He's in Engineering, sir...
	                        (uncomfortable,
	                         indicates Captain's 
	                         chair)
	                He doesn't know.

	      Kirk reacts with some exasperation, starts away,
	      addresses Chekov:


	                Mr Chekov, assemble the crew on
	                the Rec Deck at 0400 hours. I
	                want to show them what we're 
	                facing.

	      And Kirk moves to the elevator, enters, is gone. The
	      moment the elevator doors snap closed:


	                I wouldn't have wanted to have
	                been standing in his way. He
	                wanted her back; he got her!


	                        
	                And Captain Decker? He's been
	                with the ship every minute of
	                her refitting...


	                        
	                Ensign -- our chances of coming
	                back from this mission in one
	                piece may have just doubled...!







	      The entire complex a beehive of pre-departure activity.
	      ENGINEERING PERSONNEL 
	      coming and going, the platform-elevators (small, one-
	      man lifts to various levels) busy. A gentle but con-
	      stant HUM and WHIRR flows from the engine core, to indi-
	      cate a pre-idling mode. There will be continual AD
	      LIBBED conversation among the Technicians.

	      Now the Engine Room door opens and Kirk steps into the 
	      area. He stands a moment observing the activity. a
	      grizzled ENGINEERING CHIEF pushes a huge condenser on
	      an anti-grav device past irk with a respectful "watch
	      it, sir" admonishment. Kirk moves on to:



	      at the middle of the power shaft. Very NOISY here,
	      and a continual CACOPHONY of COMPUTERIZED AND HUMAN
	      VOICES calling off equipment checks. And grouped 
	      around a section of burnt-out circuitry are WILLARD
	      DECKER, Captain's stripes, handsome, in his early
	      30's; Scott, and two Technicians. Decker and Scott
	      are working feverishly uncoupling the device, 
	      probing its innards. Decker has discovered the problem,
	      removed several transistor-type parts, taps them 
	      with a pencil-sized sonic analyzer.


	                        
	                I thought so! See... the trans-
	                porter sensor was not activated...


	                        
	                Aye, you were dead right about
	                that...
	                        
	                Clearly, put a back-up sensor into
	                the unit.



	      as the Technician prepares to install the device,
	      Scott glances up to see Kirk.

	      He looks from Decker to Kirk in acute embarrassment
	      (so that we should realize Scott hasn't mentioned
	      Kirk's taking over to Decker). Decker now notices
	      Kirk, reacts pleased.


	                Admiral Kirk...
	                        
	                We're getting a top brass send
	                off...?
	                        
	                She'll launch on schedule if we
	                have to tow her out with our bare
	                hands. Right, Scotty?


	                        
	                Aye, sir, that we will...


	                        
	                Will, let's go over here and
	                talk.

	      He indicates corner. Decker glances bemusedly at
	      Kirk, then turns to Scott:


	                Let me now when the back-up is 
	                in place.



	      as Scott AD LIBS a glum "Aye, sir," and watches them
	      walk across the Chamber.



	      just a little quieter here, with Kirk and Decker arriv-
	      ing, and Decker saying blithely:


	                All due respect, sir, I hope
	                this isn't a Starfleet pep talk;
	                I'm just too busy.

	      Kirk eyes Decker -- then decides the best way to say
	      it is plainly, directly.


	                I'm taking over the Center seat. 
	                I'm sorry, Will.


	                You are what...?


	                I'm replacing you as Captain of
	                the Enterprise.

	      Decker seems shocked into silence; he can only peer
	      at Kirk who reaches tentatively as though to clasp a
	      paternal hand on Decker's shoulder, then withdraws it
	      and continues quickly.


	                        
	                You'll stay aboard as Executive
	                Officer... a temporary grade
	                reduction to Commander.


	                       
	                -- You, personally, are assuming
	                command?


	                Yes.


	                May I ask Why?


	                        
	                My experience -- five years out
	                there dealing with unknowns like
	                this -- my familiarity with the
	                Enterprise, this crew...


	                Admiral, this is an almost totally
	                new enterprise. You don't know
	                her a tenth as well as I do.




	      Scott, working on the relay, but continually glancing
	      at Kirk and Decker with worried concern, as Kirk
	      replies:


	                That's why you're staying aboard.
	                I'm sorry, Will.


	                No, Admiral. I don't think you are;
	                not one damned bit. I remember
	                when you recommended me for this
	                command. You told me how envious
	                you were, and if only you could
	                find a way to get a starship
	                command again. Well, sir, it looks
	                like you found a way.

	      Kirk is silent a moment, peering levelly at Decker,
	      who returns the gaze with equal intensity. Then:


	                Report to the bridge, Commander.
	                Immediately.

	      Decker EXITS. Kirk waits, collecting his composure
	      as he watches him go. Then Kirk turns to glare at
	      Scott. Interrupted by a flare as something shorts
	      out at the mechanism where Scott and Decker had been
	      working. Technician  reacts, hits an inter-
	      com button fast:


	                Transporter room, come in!
	                Urgent!
	                        
	                Redline on the transporters,
	                Mister Scott!

	      Scott whirls to a console fast, speaks urgently!


	                Transporter room, do not engage!
	                Do not....


	                        (reacting to the reading;
	                         interruption)
	                Too late; they're beaming now!

	      Kirk is exiting on a run, followed by Scott.




	      An unusually defective looking TRANSPORTER EFFECT in
	      progress, alternately flashing and glowing -- even the
	      Transporter SOUND seems wrong, as if struggling to
	      overcome some problem. At the console, CHIEF RAND and
	      ASSISTANT are reacting in surprised, near-horror as
	      they attempt vainly to save the situation.


	                        
	                Starfleet, override us!
	                OVERRIDE...! Yank them back!

	      Suddenly, from Rand's console,a VIOLENT GLARE -- a
	      PROTESTING SOUND from the circuitry. And on the con-
	      sole a red-warning light now begins flashing.


	                Unable to retrieve their pattern,
	                Enterprise....!

	      Rand reacts in real horror now as human forms begin to
	      FAINTLY MATERIALIZE, then FADE AWAY, then REAPPEAR IN
	      FAINTLY MISSHAPEN FORM as she frantically works con-
	      trols. Kirk ENTERS fast, steps to the console to
	      assist Rand; Scott has also come in and moves to the
	      console, brushes aside the Asst. Chief, and begins
	      manipulating the additional controls himself.


	                We're losing the pattern...!


	                        
	                Starfleet, boost your matter gain; 
	                we need more signal!


	                Oh, no! They're forming!



	      with the human forms FLUTTERING INTO FULLER AND FULLER
	      MATERIALIZATION, FRIGHTENINGLY, HORRIBLY MISSHAPEN. We
	      RECOGNIZE one form as the Vulcan, Sonak -- the other a
	      human WOMAN. They MATERIALIZE; we HEAR A MOAN form 
	      from the Vulcan -- the Woman's SCREAM OF PAIN. Then,
	      all at once, the half-materialized bodies are gone;
	      the transporter chamber is empty.


	                Oh, my God...!



	      gazing, horrified, at the empty chamber.


	                        
	                Starfleet, do you have them?

	      A mutter of utter, vacant silence -- and Kirk and
	      Scott look at each other again, their pained faces
	      presaging the answer they already know:


	                        
	                Enterprise... what we got back
	                didn't live long. Fortunately.

	      Another moment of stunned silence, and then Kirk hits
	      the transmission button -- fighting to control his
	      voice as:


	                Starfleet... Kirk. Please...
	                express my condolences to their
	                families. Commander Sonak's
	                can be reached through the Vulcan
	                Embassy.
	                        (see Rand's stricken
	                         expression)
	                There was nothing you could have
	                done, Rand. It wasn't your fault.

	      And before Rand can answer, Kirk leaves the room.



	      as Kirk steps out, and the doors snap closed behind
	      him. In the corridor the furor of the hurried depar-
	      ture is, as everywhere, quite evident: CREW MEMBERS
	      move back and forth. But Kirk does not see them; his
	      mind is tormented by the transporter accident -- was
	      there something he should have done, could have done,
	      to prevent it? Should he launch on schedule with the
	      starship this unready? Has he done right in yielding
	      to this terrible needs for starship command again,
	      forcing Starfleet to give her to him? Would Decker's
	      knowledge of the new design have prevented the acci-
	      dent?

	      Kirk reaches a corridor intersection, looks around,
	      realizes he's lost track of where he is. A passing
	      YEOMAN stops in response to his puzzled expression.


	                Turboshaft eight...?


	                Back that way, sir.

	      She's indicating back the direction from which Kirk
	      came. He nods his thanks, turns and moves back down
	      the corridor.



	      hurrying down the corridor. The two face each other
	      a silent moment, Decker studying Kirk curiously.


	                We'll have to replace Commander
	                Sonak. I'd still like a Vulcan
	                there, if possible...


	                None available, Captain. There's
	                no one in fact, who's fully rated
	                on this design.


	                You are, Mister Decker. I'm
	                afraid you'll have to double as
	                Science Officer.

	       And Kirk moves on, Decker stands gazing reflectively
	       after him.








	      (in the last part of the scene which showed the Klingon
	      Captain speaking in Klingonese and an English print-
	      out interpretation appearing at the screen bottom.
	      The Klingon ship nearly totaled; one engine nacelle
	      gone, smoke and flame spewing from the other, etc.
	      And then that final WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT STRIKING AND
	      SPECTACULARLY DESTROYING THE SHIP, etc.)

	      But this time, O.S., we HEAR GASPS of incredulity from
	      many throats , and various AD LIBBED com-
	      ments: "My God...!" "I don't believe it...!" "What
	      could it be...?" Etc., etc.

	      And then, immediately following this, on the viewer:



	      (as in earlier Epsilon 9 viewer -- but with no music,
	      only more AD LIBBED exclamations from an audience.)
	      The viewer goes blank.



	      We SEE that all this was being viewed by the CREW
	      MEMBERS  assembled on the Rec Deck.

	      The Recreation Deck is one of the largest areas on
	      the ship, several deck levels high, a part of one
	      wall consisting of picture windows, through which can
	      be seen sections of the drydock structure outside.

	      On another wall is a large viewer, on which was just
	      shown the Klingon transmission. Leading off and away
	      from this deck area are what are obviously other
	      specific recreation areas -- gymnasiums, food centers,
	      game rooms, lounges, etc.



	      as the Crew Members chat in low, grim tones -- Kirk
	       appears. As he comes
	      into view, the two hundred or so crew below go silent.
	      Kirk grimly indicates the now blank viewer:


	                That's all we know about it;
	                except that it's now 2.2 days
	                from Earth. Enterprise is the
	                only Federation starship that
	                stands in its way.



	      as the CAMERA FINDS various faces: human, alien; most
	      young, all intelligent, forthright -- anxious. Kirk
	      has paused a moment, now continues.


	                We assume there is a vessel of
	                some type at the heart of the
	                cloud. Our orders are to intercept,
	                investigate; and take whatever action
	                is necessary... and possible.
	                        
	                ...We can only hope that the
	                life form aboard that vessel
	                reasons as we do.



	      standing near an intercom, which just then has emitted
	      a bosun's WHISTLE intercom signal.


	                        
	                Bridge to Captain. Priority
	                signal from Epsilon Nine --

	      Kirk leans over to the intercom, speaks into it:


	                Put it on the viewer here...!



	      as all eyes turn to the viewer which fades into a view
	      of Commander Branch, in the Epsilon 9 monitor room.
	      Branch is tense, reflecting extreme urgency. Near
	      Branch, working intently at the console are the Female
	      Lieutenant and a Technician.


	                        (from the viewer;
	                         checking console
	                         readings)
	                Enterprise... the Cloud is
	                definitely a powerfield of some
	                kind... Measures... My God!
	                Over 82 A.U.'s in diameter...
	                Must be something incredible
	                inside there generating it.
	                        (looks up from
	                         console)
	                We're transmitting linguacode
	                friendship messages on all
	                frequencies. No response.


	                I have a null reading at the 
	                center of the 'cloud,' sir.


	                Definitely something inside..
	                there but all scans are being
	                reflected back.
	                        
	                Receiving an odd pattern now..
	                        
	                They seem to be reacting to
	                our scans, sir.


	                        (inspecting another
	                         console)
	                 Some kind of energy surge...
	                        
	                 Enterprise... they could be
	                 mistaking our scans as a
	                 hostile act...
	                        
	                 Deflectors, emergency full!

	      Branch hits an alarm button; we HEAR ALARM KLAXON
	      SOUNDING. The viewer IMAGE DISTORTS, clears again
	      while Branch -- facing his viewer, continues urgently:


	                        
	                We are under attack...!


	                        
	                External view...!



	      as the image of Branch is immediately replaced by an
	      external view of the plantoid, and the LUMINESCENT
	      CLOUD (at about the same distance from which the
	      Klingon cruisers were attacked).

	      Then it STRIKES the plantoid WITH FULL, CATACLYSMIC                
	      FORCE. The viewer IMAGE BREAKS UP -- and immediately
	      the entire Starfleet base becomes a maelstrom of FLAR-
	      ING ENERGY, shattered structure, flying debris. And
	      then, all at once, there is nothing -- empty space,
	      Epsilon 9 is gone. We SEE only the stars; and the
	      mysterious LUMINESCENT CLOUD moving across the distant
	      sky.

	      (NOTE: The above is entirely SILENT, and when it is
	      finished, not a word is spoken.)


	                Viewer off.



	      as the viewer goes blank, all still facing the screen.
	      Then Kirk turns to the room as if to comment. Then he
	      stops -- nothing he can say will add at all to what
	      they've just seen. Instead:


	                Pre-launch countdown will
	                commence in forty minutes.



	      The scene they have just witnessed still vivid in their
	      minds as they gaze somberly up toward Kirk who is exit-
	      ing. The bridge crew follows him out. Not a word is 
	      said as the remainder of the crew waits another moment,
	      then begins to disperse toward their duty stations too.



	      Spectacular ORBIT VIEW of the giant starship in the
	      process of release. BEYOND US, in half light, EARTH
	      LOOMS HUGE. The dock welders are gone; the supply pods
	      float away from the ship. Little tongues of blue flame
	      spurt from the ship's maneuvering jets.



	      as the large dock umbilical is released, floats free of
	      its starship attachment. Dock departure is imminent.



	      Kirk in the center seat, intently studying the Naviga-
	      tion console in front of him (at the Navigator's
	      station, which is unoccupied.) Other bridge personnel
	      are busy with their pre-launch duties.


	                Transporters Room and Chief
	                Engineer Scott report trans-
	                porter system fully repaired 
	                and now functioning normally, 
	                sir.


	                Dock signals clear, Captain.


	                Rely we are holding position
	                awaiting final crew replacements.


	                Captain, Transporter Personnel
	                reports the Navigator...
	                        
	                ... Lieutenant Junior Grade Ilia
	                 is already aboard,
	                and en route to the bridge.



	      as Decker  reacts,
	      almost startled, and Uhura continues:


	                She's a Deltan.

	      Uhura's tone and expression convey "Deltan" in a
	      certain, special manner.


	                       
	                And there are no finer navigators
	                in Starfleet, Commander.

	      The last is interrupted by:



	      as they snap open, and there emerges a breathtakingly
	      beautiful young woman (uniformed as a Navigator Lieu-
	      tenant) who strides purposefully onto the bridge. A
	      stunning figure, but hairless, entirely bald but or
	      delicate eyebrows and eyelashes. Her bald head is not 
	      at all unattractive, in fact exudes an aura of sensual
	      nudity. Indeed, her whole being exudes sensuality.
	      (This is a racial characteristic, not a deliberate
	      presence.) She approaches Kirk

	      (NOTE: Throughout this sequence, Sulu eyes ILIA with
	      unrestrained admiration.)


	                Lieutenant Ilia reporting for
	                duty, sir.


	                        
	                Welcome aboard, Lieutenant.



	      as Ilia starts to speak, suddenly stops: she has just
	      then noticed Decker, who has stepped from his station
	      to face her. For an electronic moment their eyes meet,
	      hold in unquestioned recognition.


	                Hello, Ilia.


	                       
	                Decker....!

	      Kirk has observed this with surprise and some concern
	      . Decker turns to
	      Kirk, slightly uncomfortable at this.


	                I was stationed on the Lieutenant's
	                home planet some years ago...

	      Ilia looks from Kirk back to Decker, puzzled at his
	      sleeve stripes.


	                        (eyes his rank
	                         stripes)
	                'Commander' Decker?


	                Our Exec and Science Officer...


	                        
	                Captain Kirk has the utmost
	                confidence in me.

	      Kirk flashes a hard glance at Decker, then toward
	      Ilia too.


	                        
	                And in you, too, Lieutenant.


	                My oath of celibacy is on record
	                Captain. May I assume my duties?

	      While respectful, her tone of voice has been just as
	      firm as Kirk's.


	                By all means.



	      receiving a message, now relaying it.


	                Captain, Starfleet reports our
	                last six crew members ready to
	                beam up...
	                        
	                ... but one of them is refusing
	                to step into the transporter.

	      Just as Kirk a moment before was tense, now suddenly
	      he's relaxed again; he rises.


	                        
	                Oh? I'll see that he beams up...!

	      And he hurries from the bridge, onto the elevator, is
	      gone. A moment of puzzled silence, then:


	                Mr. Sulu, take Lieutenant Ilia
	                in hand.


	                        
	                Sir...?
	                       
	                Yes, of course...
	                        
	                Your pre-programming is already
	                set in, Lieutenant.

	      Sulu has almost tripped getting out of his chair. He
	      starts offering Ilia his hand, then thinks better of
	      it, withdraws it abruptly, immediately busies himself
	      punching out equations on her console... AD LIBS,
	      "It's all on the computer. You'll have no problem..."
	      Sulu is nervous, fluttery around this lovely creature --
	      now hits a wrong switch. Produces a BEEPING SOUND which
	      he fumbles to shut off. She smiles; speaks quietly,
	      repeats:


	                I'm sworn to celibacy, Mister
	                Sulu. That makes me as safe
	                as any human female.

	      Sulu catches her eye but before he can reply, Decker has
	      moved in beside Ilia.


	                I now the Captain meant no person-
	                al insult.


	                        
	                I would never take advantage of
	                a sexually immature species.
	                        
	                You can assure him that's true,
	                can't you?

	      Clearly, the remark carries special, personal
	      significance.





	      Kirk entering as Rand and her assistant electronically
	      list the last of the five arrivals who are leaving the
	      Transporter Chamber. Kirk calls through intercom to
	      the last arrival, a young female Yeoman.


	                Yeoman, what was the problem
	                down there?


	                        
	                He insisted we go first, sir.
	                Said something about first seeing
	                how it scrambled our molecules.


	                Thank you, Yeoman
	                        
	                Starfleet , this is Captain Kirk.
	                The officer is to be beamed up
	                immediately!



	      A moment, then again the GENERATING HUMMING, and then
	      the familiar BEAMING EFFECT. And then you SEE McCOY!
	      He fully MATERIALIZES. He looks himself over as if in
	      pleased surprise he is still in one piece. CAMERA PANS
	      McCoy from the Transporter Chamber to Kirk who is hav-
	      ing a hard time containing his amusement and delight.


	                Well, for a man who swore he'd
	                never return to Starfleet...

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                What happened, Captain, sir, was
	                that your revered Admiral Nogura
	                invoked a little known -- and
	                seldom used -- reserve activation
	                clause...
	                        
	                ... in simpler language, Captain,
	                sir, they drafted me!


	                        
	                They didn't...!

	      Kirk has offered his hand, but McCoy is already flaring:

	                              McCOY
	                This was your idea! It was
	                your idea, wasn't it!


	                Bones, there's a 'thing' out
	                there --

	                              McCOY
	                -- Why is any object we don't
	                understand called a 'thing'?


	                        
	                -- headed this way. I need you...

	                              McCOY
	                Were you behind this?


	                        
	                Bones, I need you badly.

	      Kirk extends his hand again; McCoy delays some moments
	      -- then finally responds. And once done, it is the long
	      hand clasp of two old friends reunited despite their
	      differences. Now McCoy turns to Rand.

	                              McCOY
	                Permission to come aboard, sir?


	                        
	                Permission granted, sir!

	      And McCoy moves toward the door, grumbling:

	                              McCOY
	                I hear Chapel's an MD now; I
	                need a top nurse, not a doctor
	                who'll argue every diagnosis...
	                And --

	      Even when he's in the corridor his grumbling trails
	      after him.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                ... they've probably redesigned
	                sickbay, too. Engineers love to
	                change things.



	      as he gazes fondly after the grumbling McCoy, and now
	      turns to the intercom, flips it on:


	                All decks, this is the Captain.
	                Prepare or immediate departure.




	      Bulkheads closing, feed lines disengaging, main
	      ENGINES HUM into life, crew personnel hurrying to
	      launch stations. SHOTS of cargo deck, down to
	      Engineering Section slamming shut. Drydock area
	      clearing, work lights go out, warning lights go on.



	      All flight positions manned, ready.


	                Dock control reports ready, sir.


	                Helm ready, sir.


	                Orbital departure on plot, sir.


	                Yard command signaling clear,
	                sir.


	                Maneuvering thrusters, Mister
	                Sulu.


	                Maneuvering thrusters, sir.


	                Hold station.


	                        
	                Thrusters at station-keeping, sir.



	      The starship within the drydock, but now the maneuver-
	      ing -- thrusters spurt pinpoints of BLUE-LAME. The
	      drydock is ready for the starship's departure -- not
	      a single pod or shuttlecraft in sight. The starship
	      looms majestically within the lacework girders.





	      as Kirk hesitates just an instant, seems to hold his
	      breath. Then:


	                Thrusters ahead, Mister Sulu. 
	                Take us out.



	      The maneuvering -- thrusters spurt more BLUE FLAME.
	      The Enterprise begins moving, DOMINATING SCREEN as
	      it moves majestically from the drydock.






	      emphasizing fine detail reality of both drydock and
	      starship as saucer section emerges. Tiny space-
	      suited human figures watch the departing ship.
	      CAMERA HOLDS ON STARSHIP until completely clear
	      of the orbital dock.



	      Here in Engineering Section, the ENGINE THROBBING
	      SLOWLY BUILDS to a THUNDERING SOUND. A glow from
	      the central unit indicates anti-matter intermix
	      underway. The Engineering Section shudders as the
	      great engines draw more and more power.


	                Intermix set, Bridge, impulse
	                power at your discretion.



	      as he hesitates just an instant. This is the moment
	      he's awaited, and to him it is equally as sensuous
	      and gratifying as making love -- which, perhaps, he
	      is -- to his mistress: The Enterprise.


	                        
	                Impulse power, Mr Sulu.
	                Ahead Warp point-five.



	      The maneuvering jets turn off, the impulse drive glows.
	      The Enterprise begins moving perceptibly faster --
	      behind her, the drydock diminishing rapidly in size.


	                Departure angle on viewer.


	                Departure angle.

	      We SEE viewer IMAGE SWITCH to a departing view of
	      lovely bluish, cloud-laced image of Earth as it grows
	      smaller, smaller, dwindling quickly as the starship
	      gathers speed.


	                Viewer ahead.

	      And viewer IMAGE SWITCHED to show the star patterned
	      space ahead.



	      with its colorful rings and multiple moons FILLING a 
	      major portion of the FRAME.


	                Captain's Log, stardate 7412.6.
	                2.7 hours from launch...



	      All hands tense with the excitement of the journey,
	      on the viewer Saturn -- and its rings -- are falling
	      away . OVER this:


	                        
	                ... in order to intercept the
	                Intruder at the earliest possible
	                time, we must now risk engaging
	                Warp drive while still within the
	                solar system...

	      End of log.



	      punching in equations on his console, reaching a
	      reading:


	                Captain, assuming we have full
	                Warp capability, accelerating to
	                Warp Seven on leaving solar system
	                will bring us to IP with the
	                Intruder in twenty point one hours.



	      Checking her console.


	                Science Officer's computations
	                confirmed, sir.

	      And Decker and Ilia glance at each other -- and again,
	      you know there is something more than casual in this.



	      as they open, and McCoy appears, walks over to Kirk
	      who swings his chair around to face him. McCoy is
	      his usual dour self.


	                Well, Bones, do the new medical
	                facilities meet with your
	                approval?

	                              McCOY
	                They do not. It's like working
	                in a damned computer center.


	                        
	                Programming ready?


	                Program set for standard Warp
	                entry, Captain...

	      Kirk starts to swing his chair to normal position --
	      Decker calls:


	                        
	                ... but I still recommend
	                further simulation study.


	                Mister Decker; every minute
	                brings that object nearer Earth!
	                        
	                Engineering! Stand by for
	                Warp Drive.

	      McCoy is watching Kirk, a bit surprised at his abrupt-
	      ness to Decker.


	                        
	                Captain, we need further Warp
	                simulation on the flow sensors...


	                Engineer, we need Warp speed now!

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                You're pushing Jim. Your people
	                know their jobs.

	      Kirk flashes McCoy a glance of annoyance -- then back
	      to using intercom:



	      The main intermix chambers GLOWING with power; the LOW
	      RUMBLE of the main engines coming to life.

	      The CAMERA FINDS Scott in the chamber:


	                        
	                Hold one minute, please, Captain --

	      He steps to his console where an ASST. ENGINEER is
	      working a computer, studying the readouts, punching
	      buttons, etc. Scott stands over him, grimly observ-
	      ing. Finally, the Asst. simply shrugs with frustration.


	                That's it, sir; I can't do any
	                better.


	                        
	                Aye, lad...
	                        
	                It's borderline on the simulator,
	                Captain: I canna guarantee that
	                she'll...



	      as Kirk, annoyed, interrupts Scott on the intercom.


	                Warp Drive, Mr Scott.

	      McCoy still watches curiously as Kirk turns to the
	      helm:


	                        
	                Ahead Warp One, Mr Sulu.


	                Accelerating to Warp One, sir.

	      Sulu moves his controls forward -- everyone waits
	      tensely -- and then we HEAR THE INCREASING THROB OF



	                        
	                Warp point seven... point eight
	                ... nine...



	      We SEE the WARP POWER EFFECT build up between the en-
	      gine "nacelles" -- then the starship makes the QUANTUM
	      LEAP into warp drive. The stars ahead shift, streak,
	      colors pulsating and changing as the shift exceeds the
	      wave lengths of the light spectrum -- and the stars
	      congeal into a MASS ahead.



	      as the viewer shows the same WARP DRIVE EFFECT. or
	      another moment all remain tense, and then all at once
	      relax, release their breaths. Smiles.


	                Warp One, sir.

	      Kirk smiles, pleased, starts swinging his chair around,
	      at the same time calling:


	                Mr. Decker --

	      Kirk never finishes the word. At that instant, on the
	      viewer, a WORMHOLE DISTORTION: a sudden SPIRALING OF
	      STARS AND FLUID LIGHT narrowing into a VORTEX into
	      which the Enterprise hurtles. A space trap, a deadly
	      pandemonium of ALARM KLAXONS, BELLS, VOICES:


	                        
	                Wormhole!... Get us back on
	                impulse power! Full reverse!



	      Enterprise has been caught in a matter-time distortion,
	      sucked into a cylindrical "hole in space" (the Worm-
	      hole distortion), stars and planets become strange,
	      elongated shapes, with the Enterprise drawn deeper
	      and deeper into the vortex.



	      The KLAXONS and BELLS CONTINUE, and the crew responding:


	                Negative helm control, Captain!
	                Going reverse on impulse power...!


	                Subspace frequencies are jammed
	                by Wormhole effect!


	                        
	                Collision alert...!
	                Collision alert...!

	      


	                        
	                Negative control from inertial
	                lag will continue 22 point five
	                seconds before forward velocity
	                slows to sub-light speed.


	                Unidentified small object has
	                been pulled into the wormhole
	                with us, Captain! Directly 
	                ahead...!


	                Forcefields up full! Put object 
	                on viewer...!



	      showing  of a tiny point of light
	      directly ahead. Meanwhile, Kirk shouts an AD LIBBED
	      order to Sulu: "Go to Manual override!" Sulu AD LIBS,
	      "No manual response...!" (Through all this, McCoy
	      stands frozen, waiting -- and expecting -- the worse.)
	      Meanwhile, Ilia has reached over to Sulu's console,
	      hits a button, AD LIBBING, "Navigational deflectors
	      coming up...!" And then with alarmed dismay:


	                Navigational deflectors 
	                inoperative...!
	                        (consulting her 
	                         console, alarmed)
	                Directional control also 
	                inoperative, Captain...!


	                Wormhole distortion has over-
	                loaded main power systems...!



	      The picture is switched through two further levels of
	      magnification, enlarging the object: an elongated,
	      distorted, pitted asteroid, tumbling toward the Enter-
	      prise on a collision course.


	                        
	                Time to impact...?


	                Twelve seconds...!


	                Mr. Chekov, stand by on the
	                phasers...!


	                        (racing to Chekov's
	                         station)
	                Delay that phaser order! Arm
	                photon torpedoes...!

	133   ANOTHER ANGLE - McCOY NOTICING KIRK                        133

	      who has just glanced, surprised at Decker (for counter-
	      manding the phaser order) -- and for a split instant,
	      Kirk seems confused. McCoy reacts with enlightenment
	      as, meanwhile:



	      The object even larger.


	                Photon torpedoes armed...!


	                Object is an asteroid, reading
	                mass point seven...
	                       
	                Impact in eight seconds...
	                seven... six... five...


	                Fire torpedoes...!


	                        
	                Torpedoes away...!



	      as the starship's photon torpedo tubes EJECT GLOWING
	      BALLS OF LIGHT ENERGY, which seems to float toward the
	      oncoming asteroid, almost too slowly. And in these
	      brief seconds, the asteroid hurtles at the Enterprise,
	      the huge pitted rock growing even larger than the ship
	      itself. It FILLS THE SCREEN, as the photon torpedoes
	      hit, disintegrating the asteroid into thousands of
	      fragments. Instantly, these fragments pulverize them-
	      selves on the ship's forward forcefield and deflector
	      screens. The smaller pieces burn up on impact, clearly
	      outlining the ship's forcefield barriers.



	      The asteroid fragments still smashing into the force
	      field screen; the smaller bits like SPARKLERS as im-
	      pact heat consumes them. The larger sections bouncing 
	      away, the bridge QUIVERING as they hit.

	      Then one final gigantic fragment strikes, the bridge
	      SHUDDERS. And then the viewer shows only the normal
	      SUB-WARP EFFECT: The stars ahead, relatively station-
	      ary; a feeling of motion, but smooth, visually normal.


	                        
	                We're out of it...!


	                We are at warp point eight.
	                Position report, Navigator..?


	                Helm control restored, sir.


	                Computing new interception
	                course.


	                Communications are normal,
	                Captain.


	                        
	                Negative damage report, sir.
	                        
	                No casualties reported, sir.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Wrong, Mr. Chekov, there are
	                casualties. My wits!
	                        
	                As in 'frightened-out-of'...!


	                       
	                Engineer... report status there.



	      with Scott and his crew pouring over the instruments --
	      all seem very grim. Scott, quite preoccupied, now
	      speaks into the intercom.


	                In just a second, Exec; we're 
	                picking up the pieces down here.



	      Kirk seeming to collect his thoughts now -- he gives
	      Decker a look, uses the intercom himself:


	                Warp Drive as soon as possible, 
	                Mr. Scott.


	                        
	                Captain, it was our anti-matter
	                imbalance that created the 
	                wormhole in the first place. It 
	                will happen again if we don't 
	                correct it.


	                That object out there is less
	                than two days from Earth, Mister 
	                Scott. We've got to intercept 
	                while it still is out there!


	                        
	                Aye, we understand that sir!
	                We're doing our best.

	      as Kirk flips off the intercom, rises determinedly,
	      faces Decker:


	                Mr. Decker, I'd like to see you
	                in my quarters.
	                        
	                You have the conn, Mr. Sulu.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Mind if I tag along?

	      Kirk gives McCoy an annoyed look, then strides to the
	      elevator. Decker, grim, follows -- McCoy brings up
	      the rear as they EXIT.



	      gazing worriedly at the just-closed elevator doors,
	      as Sulu is punching figures into his console.


	                Maintaining warp point 
	                eight; I show our new heading 
	                as 287 point three Mark 105.

	      Ilia's attention is directed toward Decker.


	                        (continuing; gently
	                         reminding)
	                Lieutenant Ilia...?


	                        (a beat; then 
	                         quickly)
	                Confirmed, Mr. Sulu. Confirmed.

	      And she punches in some equations, then again peers
	      up at the doors where she last saw Decker. She is
	      very concerned.



	      The doors opening, Kirk entering, McCoy moves to b.g.
	      while Decker stands attentively, waiting as Kirk
	      turns to him.


	                Explanation, Mr. Decker: Why was
	                my phaser order countermanded?


	                       
	                Sir, the Enterprise redesign
	                increases phaser power by
	                channeling it through the main
	                engines. When they went into
	                anti-matter imbalance, the
	                phasers were automatically cut
	                off.

	      Kirk is surprised by this information, perhaps slight-
	      ly chagrined. After a beat:


	                Then you acted properly, of course.


	                Thank you, sir. I'm sorry I embar-
	                rassed you.


	                You saved the ship.


	                        
	                I'm aware of that, sir.


	                        
	                Stop competing with me, Decker!


	                Permission to speak freely, sir?


	                        
	                Granted.


	                Sir, you haven't logged a single
	                star hour in two and a half years.
	                That, plus your unfamiliarity
	                with the ship's design -- in my
	                opinion, sir, seriously jeopardizes 
	                our mission.                          

	      Kirk reacts with anger. Struggles for and regains
	      control.


	                I trust you will... nursemaid me
	                through these difficulties, Mister?


	                Yes, sir, I'll do that.

	      Kirk peers at Decker, who stands facing him 
	      determinedly.


	                Then I won't keep you from your
	                duties any longer, Commander.
	                        
	                Yes, Doctor?

	      Kirk's last line has drowned out Decker's "Aye, sir."
	      McCoy says nothing, waits until Decker is gone and the
	      door closes behind him. Then:

	                              McCOY
	                He may not be wrong, Jim.










	      Decker moving toward an elevator -- the elevator doors
	      open, and there is Ilia. She steps out, faces him.


	                Was he difficult?


	                No more than I expected
	                        
	                Not as difficult as this. I'm
	                sorry...


	                That you left? or that you didn't
	                say 'goodbye'?


	                If I'd seen you again, would you
	                have been able to say it?


	                        (long hesitation;
	                         then shakes head)
	                No.

	      Ilia whirls, moves toward her stateroom door, which
	      snaps open, then closes behind her. Decker stands
	      gazing at the door, remembering, regretful.



	  144A   INT. KIRK'S CABIN - KIRK AND McCOY                        144A


	                Get out of here, Bones.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                As ship's doctor, I am now
	                discussing the subject of
	                command fitness.

	      Kirk's expression hardens.


	                Make your point, Doctor.

	                              McCOY
	                The point, Captain, is that it's
	                you who's competing...
	                        
	                You pulled every string in the
	                book short of blackmail to get
	                the Enterprise -- maybe even
	                that. And when this mission is
	                over, you have no intention of
	                giving her back.


	                        
	                I intend to keep her, is that
	                what you're saying, Doctor?

	                              McCOY
	                It's an obsession -- that can
	                blind you so far more immediate
	                -- and critical responsibilities.
	                Your reaction to Decker is an
	                example.

	      Kirk studies him a beat; has McCoy touched a nerve?
	      Something Kirk himself might have been unaware of?
	      Kirk starts speaking, but is interrupted by:


	                Bridge to Captain.



	      as Kirk turns to it.


	                Viewer on.

	      At his VOICE COMMAND, the viewer comes on with AN IMAGE
	      of Uhura at her console.


	                Signal from a Federation-registered
	                long-range shuttle, sir. She
	                wishes to come alongside, and
	                lock on.


	                For what purpose?

	      On the viewer, Chekov's IMAGE replaces Uhura.


	                It is a courier, Captain. Grade
	                One priority. Non-belligerency
	                confirmed.


	                Very well, Mr. Chekov, see to it.
	                Viewer off.

	      Viewer IMAGE FADES. Kirk turns back to McCoy whose
	      question of Kirk's fitness still hangs there between
	      them. Eye to eye - then, finally:


	                        
	                Your... opinion has been noted,
	                Doctor.
	                        
	                Is there anything further?

	                              McCOY
	                I hope not.

	      Kirk nods, exits. McCoy watches him go, hoping his
	      point has gotten through.





	      traveling at a rapid speed; it carries warp-capacity
	      nacelles which dwarf the smaller  to 10 position
	      shuttle fuselage. The CAMERA HOLD ON THE SHUTTLE
	      as it overtakes the Enterprise, the ENTERPRISE COM-
	      ING INTO VIEW, and the shuttle slowing and beginning
	      to move between the starship's giant nacelles.




	      About the size of a fighter airplane floating in over
	      the vastness of an aircraft carrier. The shuttle
	      slows further, hovering now. Then its fuselage pod
	      detaches from the warp drive nacelles -- the pod
	      moving slowly but precisely toward the starship's
	      command airlock.



	      as we HEAR the CLANK and WHOOSH of the AIRLOCK MECHAN-
	      ISM. Chekov is standing by  with a security man.

	      A moment later the hatch slips open - TO REVEAL
	      Spock. A proud Spock, impassively Vulcan, almost
	      contemptuously aloof. His hair is now trimmed in
	      neat Vulcan style; he wears Vulcan attire simple,
	      civilian, utilitarian.)


	                Permission to come aboard, sir?


	                Granted, sir! Granted!

	      Spock is already moving out of the pod entry area, im-
	      passive, no greeting on his lips; no friendship in his
	      expression.



	      pulling away from Enterprise.



	      The elevator doors open, and there is Spock. It takes
	      everyone a moment to believe their eyes. Then, the
	      Bridge crew AD LIB their surprise and pleasure.


	                Spock...! Spock, ...?

	      Kirk, smiling, is moving toward Spock with hand out-
	      stretched. But Spock has already turned and moved
	      toward the science console where Decker sits.


	                Commander, if I may...?



	      It takes Decker a moment to realize that Spock wants
	      to take over the console. He begins getting to his
	      feet, throwing Kirk a look. But Kirk's attention is
	      totally on SPOCK. And Spock is already intent on com-
	      putations he is beginning to punch into the science
	      console computer.


	                I have been monitoring your
	                Starfleet transmissions, Captain,
	                your engine design difficulties.

	      Spock continues to punch information into the science
	      computer -- a monitor screen IMAGE begins to show com-
	      plex equations which Spock inspects -- he makes a
	      further computer punch out and inspects a second  monitor 
	      IMAGE of other equations. Only then does Spock seem to
	      become aware of Kirk and Decker standing there with
	      questioning expressions.


	                        
	                I offer my services as Science
	                Officer.

	      Kirk starts to grin -- then remembers to wipe it off
	      his face as he turns to Decker.


	                If our Executive Officer has no
	                objections...?


	                        
	                Of course not. I'm aware of
	                Mister Spock's qualifications.


	                        (grinning openly now;
	                         turns, calls)
	                Mister Chekov, log Mister Spock's
	                Starfleet commission reactivated;
	                list him as Science Officer; both
	                effective immediately.



	      as they SNAP open --  appear. Chapel
	      sees Spock at the science console -- she moves in
	      quickly, overjoyed. Even McCoy seems pleased.


	                Mr. Spock...!!!

	                              McCOY
	                So help me, I'm actually
	                pleased to see you.

	      But as Chapel crosses to Spock, her pleased smile
	      brightening her whole face, Spock turns, dismisses her
	      presence with a cold disinterested glance -- Chapel
	      stops, stands dumbfounded. Spock gives McCoy a similar
	      glance - turns back to his console readings as:


	                That's how we  feel, Mister...

	      The same cold glance causes Uhura to stop in mid-
	      sentence. Several grins directed toward Spock are now
	      fading from bridge crew faces. Spock has turned back
	      again for a last quick reading at the console and now
	      stands -- totally ignoring everyone else as he speaks
	      coolly, unemotionally to Kirk:


	                With your permission, I will now
	                discuss these fuel equations with
	                the Engineer.

	      Kirk manages a nod, a bit dumbfounded himself at Spock's
	      strange manner. Spock heads for the elevator -- puz-
	      zled expressions from the entire bridge crew. Then
	      Kirk calls after him, very sincerely:


	                Mister Spock, !

	      Spock continues onto the elevator without any acknow-
	      ledgment, leaves. Kirk glances, perplexed, at McCoy.
	      McCoy, equally perplexed, shrugs.

	                              McCOY
	                Never look a gift Vulcan in the
	                ears, Jim.



	      traveling past the stars, sub-warp. OVER this:


	                        
	                Captain's Log. Stardate 7413.4.
	                Thanks to Mr. Spock's timely
	                arrival - and assistance...



	      Scott making an intermix chamber reading with a hand-
	      held timer-temperature device which emits SIGNALS while
	      Spock , makes
	      adjustments in the circuitry of a panel complex. Dur-
	      ing the following, they will react as if they've solved
	      the engine problem.


	                        
	                ... we have the engines rebalanced
	                into full warp capacity. Repair
	                time less than three hours...



	      Sulu at the helm, accelerating; just a touch of tense-
	      ness in crew as they move toward the speed which
	      earlier threw them into the "wormhole" effect.


	                        
	                ... which means we will now be
	                able to intercept Intruder while
	                still more than a day from Earth.



	      Stars accelerating as Sulu calls off:



	                Warp point eight... point nine...

	      The viewer shows the QUANTUM LEAP into warp drive. The
	      stars ahead shift, streak and congeal into WARP EFFECT



	                        
	                Warp one, sir.

	      The others wait, then show relief as:


	                        
	                Warp two, sir... warp three...

	      He continues to seven.


	                Engineering to Bridge... New
	                intermix balance holding steady.
	                She's not even straining!



	      Where, first, CAMERA SHOOTS THROUGH THE WINDOW, the
	      myriad of stars, space, the whole magnificent vista.
	      In the lounge, empty but for them, are Kirk and McCoy
	      -- obviously awaiting Spock, who ENTERS and presents
	      himself cold and aloof as before:


	                Reporting as ordered, Captain.


	                Sit down, please.

	      Spock remains standing, addresses Kirk:


	                Sir, I would appreciate Dr. McCoy
	                absenting himself from this
	                interview.


	                I want him here.
	                       
	                Sit down!

	      For an instant, it looks like Spock will refuse. Then,
	      he complies but sits formally, rigidly. He ignores
	      McCoy totally.


	                You've reported that you felt
	                strong thought emotions. A
	                group of minds from a space
	                vessel? Could you make out any
	                plan, anything to do with
	                Earth?


	                        
	                Negative, Captain. I could sense
	                only what seemed an almost
	                omniscient pattern of perfect
	                logic. I can explain nothing
	                more; I understand nothing more.

	      Kirk is clearly disappointed -- and a bit uncomfortable
	      about what he must ask next. He exchanges a glance
	      with McCoy, then:


	                Also -- there was nothing in your
	                report about  you're here.


	                That inquiry invades my personal
	                life, Captain.

	                              McCOY
	                Spock, we've already guessed why
	                you're here...


	                I inquired about you -- learned
	                you were studying with the
	                Masters...

	      Although Spock has been almost infuriatingly emotionless,
	      his expression shifts slightly. McCoy indicates this:

	                              McCOY
	                That flicker of emotion confirms
	                our guess. You failed.


	                        (facing McCoy for
	                         the first time)
	                Your deductions do you credit,
	                Doctor... if your puerile
	                curiosity does not.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                And now, , Spock?

	      Spock looks straight ahead -- his face instantly com-
	      posed to almost total blankness.


	                        
	                I still contain fragments of my
	                human half.


	                And whatever you sensed out here....


	                 ... is my only hope of accomplishing
	                what the Masters could not.

	                              McCOY
	                If you achieve perfect logic, Spock,
	                you'll pay a price. It's given
	                your planet  of
	                peace, but no poetry's been written
	                since then, no music.

	      Spock has come to his feet fast - but Kirk is on his
	      feet too, confronting him. During which:


	                Let it drop, Bones.
	                        
	                You are my Science Officer -- I'll
	                expect an  report on
	                anything further you learn or 
	                from here on.


	                I have accepted service here as
	                a Starfleet officer... sir.


	                        
	                I know this has been painful, Spock.
	                For me too. Thank you.

	      Spock EXITS. Kirk and McCoy exchange a troubled look,
	      then EXIT too as CAMERA CENTERS AGAIN ON OBSERVATION
	      WINDOW, the view of space there.







	      pushing . The ALERT SOUNDS; the red lights
	      begin FLASHING.


	                Red alert! Red alert!



	      All regulars in position , extra
	      CREW hurrying in from elevators to man the remainder
	      of the console positions. Decker is making a bridge
	      circuit.


	                Full mag on viewer!

	      Sulu hits a control -- viewer seems to ZOOM AHEAD and
	      in the distance we SEE a point of light which grows
	      into the LUMINESCENT CLOUD. The same as seen by the
	      Klingons and Starfleet's Epsilon Nine station. Myster-
	      ious, beautiful, and menacing.


	                        
	                Linguacode?


	                Continuing friendship messages on
	                all frequencies, sir.


	                All decks and divisions confirm
	                status red.


	                        
	                We are being scanned, Captain.



	      as Kirk whirls toward Spock's station, calls out:


	                Do  return scan, Mr. Spock!
	                It may be misinterpreted as
	                hostility!


	                Intruder scans emanate from
	                the exact cloud center.
	                Energy of a type entirely un-
	                known to me.


	                       
	                No response to friendship
	                messages, Captain.


	                Should I go to battle stations,
	                sir.


	                Negative, We'll take no prov-
	                ocative action.

	      Decker has reacted sharply, disapprovingly, to this:


	                Recommend defensive posture,
	                Captain: Screens and shields.


	                No...
	                        
	                ... that could also be misinter-
	                preted as hostile, Mr. Decker.
	                        
	                Cloud composition, Mr. Spock?


	                Twelve power energy field --


	                        
	                --  power?!


	                        
	                Captain, we've seen what their
	                weapons can do. Shouldn't we 
	                take every possible precaution -- ?


	                Mr Decker....


	                        
	                Captain, I suspect there's an
	                object at the heart of that cloud.


	                        
	                Mr. Decker, I will not provoke 
	                an attack, If that order isn't 
	                clear to you...


	                        (interrupting in mid
	                         sentence)
	                Captain, as your Exec, it's my
	                 to point out alternatives.

	      A moment of thought from Kirk.


	                Five minutes to Cloud boundary!


	                        
	                I stand corrected Mr. Decker.
	                        
	                Navigator, lay in a conic section
	                flight path into the cloud center;
	                bring us parallel to whatever
	                we find in there...



	      The Cloud has now grown so large it DOMINATES THE
	      ENTIRE VIEWER. Sulu hits a button, reducing magnif-
	      cation. Immediately, the CLOUD diminishes in size --
	      but almost instantly begins GROWING AGAIN. Decker's
	      annoyance  suddenly seems to dissipate as
	      his total attention is diverted to the cloud.



	      Decker turning to Spock


	                That measures  power?
	                Ten thousands of starships couldn't 
	                generate that much...

	      Decker trails his words, realizing that Spock isn't
	      hearing a word. Spock's attention is on the O.S. main
	      viewer, totally absorbed by something he's feeling.
	      He is slowly rising from his seat, stepping forward --
	      Kirk becomes conscious of this, turns and sees Spock's
	      strange expression. Before he can speak:


	                They have... they  been
	                communicating with us. I sense
	                ... . Why have we
	                not replied?


	                Communicated with us ?

	      Spock shakes his head... then reacts as if sensing or
	      theorizing something further. He turns, moves quickly
	      to his console, begins there as if searching for something.
	      Interrupted by another ALARM KLAXON.


	                Signal medical alert, Mister
	                Chekov!


	                Incoming fire. Ahead. Zero, 
	                ... mark, zero.
	                Incoming fire. Ahead. Zero,
	                mark, zero.



	      showing a WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT streaking from the
	      Cloud!


	                Forcefields ...! Deflectors
	                up full!

	                Commencing evasive
	                maneuvers... !

	      Bridge begins to .




	                Forcefields and deflectors up
	                full, Captain.



	      The WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT speeds toward the Enterprise,
	      which veers sharply away now -- but .



	      With the WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT on the main viewer,
	      closer and closer -- heading straight-on for the Star-
	      ship. From the Bridge a CACOPHONY OF VOICES AND
	      SOUNDS, but all organized and disciplined with the
	      BRIDGE LIGHTING DIMMING and then as though traveling 
	      the last short distance (actually several million
	      miles) in the wink of an eye -- the WHIPLASH OF ENERGY
	      STRIKES. The bridge lights .

	      In the sudden darkness, the main viewer is all at once 
	      a frantic, furious, pattern of GREEN-WHITE FLARING ENERGY,
	      accompanied by an EXPLOSIVE SHRILLING SOUND. It seems to 
	      cling to the forcefields, the incredible energy of the          
	      forcefield barriers.



	      as a sheet of GREEN WHIPLASH ENERGY bursts from
	      Chekov's console -- a LASH of FLAME 
	      . Automatic fire control nozzles SPURT FOAM over
	      him as he falls twisting and groaning in pain. Ilia
	      reacts first, crossing quickly to assist Chekov --
	      Decker joins her, taking over Chekov's console.





	      The SHEET OF WRITHING-GREEN ENERGY 
	      , outlining it starkly. (And outlining,
	      too, the forcefield screens and deflectors -- batter-
	      ing at them, seeking some gap through which to
	      penetrate.)



	      The bridge still darkened, and on the viewer the WHIP-
	      LASH ENERGY splattering the entire viewing screen with
	      GREEN ENERGY BRILLIANCE, forcing all to shield their
	      eyes against the impossible glare.





	      A smoking panel BURSTS INTO A SHOWER OF SPARKS AND
	      FLAME, spewing over and past Scott and his crew.


	                Bypass...! Alternate
	                Integrators!



	      as, first on the viewer, the WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT
	      EFFECT clings another moment then begins FADING. And
	      then it is gone. The bridge lights  again.
	      Elevator doors open. Doctor Chapel and Medical Corps-
	      men arrive and cross immediately to where Ilia tends
	      to the injured Chekov.


	                The new screens held...!


	                Engineering to bridge; we cannot
	                hold full power on forcefields;
	                deflector power is down 
	                !



	      Over the following, we will HEAR Captain Kirk AD LIB
	      order; "Divert auxiliary systems power to deflectors!"
	      and SCOTT INTERCOM VOICE answer: "All auxiliary power
	      to deflectors, sir." Meanwhile, Chapel and Corpsmen
	      giving medical treatment to Chekov who is in agony.
	      Chapel is about to give an injection.


	                No, I can stop his pain.

	      The Deltan woman takes Chekov's upper arm in both her
	      hands, kneading her fingers deep into nerve centers --
	      Chekov's pain begins to quickly recede and he is almost
	      startled by the sudden relief. Doctor Chapel, now
	      spraying plasti-skin on the burned hand and wrist,
	      gives Ilia a surprised, approving look and a flicker
	      of female friendship passes between the Deltan and
	      Earth woman. 



	      The energy brilliance gone now, we can SEE the CLOUD
	      is  -- the closest we have seen it yet, and
	      the Aurora effect is spectacular; a vast, dense blan-
	      ket of SPARKLING, FLARING COLOR.



	      whirling abruptly in his chair, addressing Kirk:


	                Captain, the Intruder  been
	                attempting to communicate! Now
	                placing their transmission on
	                the speaker...

	      Immediately, from the SPEAKER we HEAR a SHRILL, IN-



	                        
	                ... frequency more than one
	                million megahertz at such high
	                speed their entire message lasts
	                only a millisecond.



	      Chapel and Corpsman are assisting Chekov from the
	      bridge (we'll have SEEN that the remarkable 
	       sprayed on his hand has completley covered the
	      ugly burn marks - he is even able to move his fingers
	      a bit). Ilia returns to her station -- a relief CREW
	      WOMAN takes over from Decker at Chekov's console.



	      so we can SEE in more detail Spock's monitor -- various
	      oscillating waves, and HEAR more of the SHRILL BEEPS as 
	      Spock manipulates his equipment, and continues:


	                I suspect our messages were too
	                slow for them to be noticed.
	                        
	                Programming computer to send
	                linguacode at their rate.

	      Decker has hurried in to assist the science console.
	      Spock indicates a console area -- Decker works there --
	      Spock works another section of console buttons.



	      The Cloud ever closer to the ship now, which is a mere
	      dot in space compared to the immensity of the energy-
	      seething, continuous color-exploding Cloud. And then,
	      suddenly, from the Cloud -- ANOTHER WHIPLASH ENERGY
	      BOLT. Bearing down upon the Enterprise.



	      where the oncoming WHIPLASH BOLT is SEEN emerging from
	      the Cloud. In the b.g., ALARM KLAXONS are SOUNDING, 
	      alert lights flashing, etc


	                Here it comes...!


	                Incoming fire. Ahead, zero, mark,
	                zero, point two. Incoming fire. 
	                Ahead, zero, zero, mark, zero...


	                        
	                Engineering... what's happening
	                to our forcefields?!



	      Much frenetic activity here, previous damage being
	      repaired, the main shaft GLOWING BLUE-WHITE, ENGINES
	      THROBBING AT FULL POWER, and a harassed Scott at the
	      intercom:


	                Systems are overloading, Captain!
	                Our shields cannot handle another
	                attack!





	      The WHIPLASH BOLT streaking toward the ship.




	                        
	                Mr. Spock?


	                Impact in fifteen seconds...

	      Spock -- Decker assisting -- works frantically. Spock
	      is clearly dissatisfied, shakes his head tightly.


	                Transmit, Mr. Spock! Now!


	                Ten seconds....



	      as Spock hits the "transmit" button, and we HEAR the
	      SHRILL BEEP SOUND ,
	      and Decker calls to Kirk:


	                Transmitting...!


	                ... five seconds.



	      where the WHIPLASH BOLT is now BRILLIANT, almost upon
	      us! Then the WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT abruptly VANISHES.
	      In the blink of an eye, the entire EFFECT IS GONE.



	      relief, incredulity.


	                It appears that our message has
	                been understood, Captain.


	                        
	                Any reply from them?


	                Negative, no reply, sir.


	                       
	                Spock, have you sensed anything
	                else?

	      Spock turns, gives the O.S. viewer a glance. Then he
	      shakes head.


	                The 'puzzlement' I sensed was
	                fleeting... minor...
	                       
	                ... as if carrying a sense of
	                our insignificance, Captain.


	                Our... 'insignificance'?

	      All have reacted to this; Kirk exchanges a look with
	      Spock who nods firmly. Then Kirk sees that both Decker
	      and Sulu are throwing him a questioning look. In b.g.
	      McCoy and Chapel have EXITED bridge with Chekov.


	                We are obviously confronted by
	                a highly advanced mentality...
	                yet they cannot understand who
	                we are, or what we want.


	                But they understood our messages;
	                they broke off the attack.


	                They may have attacked only as
	                a warning to us, Captain. To
	                keep away.


	                That would presuppose a feeling,
	                Commander... compassion. I sensed
	                 emotion, only...
	                        
	                ... pure logic.

	      Kirk peers at Spock hoping for some assistance on
	      the decision; but Spock merely peers back at him ex-
	      pressionlessly: the decision is Kirk's. Kirk faces
	      Spock one last beat, then turns and starts back to-
	      ward his chair, calling to Ilia.


	                Tactical plot on viewer.



	      where the IMAGE of the "powerfield Cloud: changes to a
	      tactical plot of Enterprise's conic flight path ap-
	      proach. It shows a large schematic of the Cloud itself
	      as well as a series of FAINTLY BLINKING schematics of
	      various recent positions and directional attitudes of
	      the Enterprise during its approach. These blinking
	      Enterprise schematics show that the starship has  gone
	      from a head-on approach to the Cloud into a (tech.
	      advice) skidding movement around the Cloud (the star-
	      ship always heading directly toward Cloud center),
	      with the last Enterprise positions now showing it ap-
	      roaching the Cloud from a quartering rear approach.




	                Thirty seconds to Cloud
	                boundary...


	                Opinion, Mister. Spock?


	                Recommend we proceede, Captain.


	                Mr. Decker... ?


	                I advise caution, Captain; we 
	                can't withstand another attack.


	                That thing is twenty hours from
	                Earth. We know nothing about it yet.	

	      Decker glances around, moves close to Kirk so only
	      Spock is able to overhear:


	                That's precisely the point, 
	                Captain. We don't know 
	                it will do. Moving into the
	                cloud -- at this time, is 
	                an unwarranted gamble.


	                How do you define ,
	                ?!


	                You asked my opinion, sir.

	      Kirk looks at him, then at Spock, who once more is
	      peering in momentary concentration at the viewer,
	      feels Kirk's gaze -- and turns to him, again expres-
	      sionlessly; it's up to Kirk.


	                Fifteen seconds to Cloud Boundary.


	                Viewer, standard ahead.



	      Main viewer IMAGE reverts to the "powerful cloud."
	      All peer in grim fascination at the cloud another
	      moment. Then:



	187   Kirk sits contemplating his next move. Once again, the     187
	      decision is his. He looks to the Viewer a moment, then:


	                       
	                Mr. Sulu, steady as she goes.


	                Aye, sir.



	      as the Enterprise slowly enters deeper toward the chamber 
	      ahead. We SEE the sheer size of the Cloud as opposed to
	      that of the small ship now entering unknown territory.

	      As the Enterprise enters the Cloud:



	      On Viwscreen we SEE a vast array of IMAGES, spiralling 
	      IMAGES, changing in size, shape, colour. Its walls 
	      spinning and turning, looping and twisting, as the 
	      Enterprise proceeds further Into the Cloud. 

	      Amazed bridge crew members can do nothing but awe at 
	      the sight before thier eye's. Even Spock has turned to 
	      view the sight now illuminating the View screen. Kirk 
	      sits pondering, amazed, thinking "What comes next?" 



	      Moving slowly through the maze of VISUAL'S seen from 
	      the Main Viewer.



	      as the CLOUD OBSCURES all now. Everyone gazes at the
	      viewer, almost mesmerized by the shifting violet power-
	      field displays.


	                        (staring at viewer,
	                         frustrated, awed)
	                No vessel could generate a 
	                powerfield of this magnitude...


	                Instruments fluctuating, Captain.
	                Patterns unrecognizable.


	                Captain....!



	      Sulu peering toward O.S. main viewer, his eyes wide
	      with incredulity.



	      Crew peering at O.S. main viewer with expressions of
	      near disbelief. Similar reactions as Kirk and Decker
	      turn too, reacting to:



	       The Cloud "Aurora" EFFECT
	      rapidly thinning -- in the "eye of the hurricane"
	      center of the Cloud is the object which has stunned
	      the entire bridge crew.

	      
	      . Its enormous bulk is irrides-
	      cent, faintly glowing, suggesting that it is made up
	      of exotic combinations of matter, and energy far beyond
	      the scientific knowledge or ability of Earth's 23rd
	      Century technology. Menacing and yet strangely
	      beautiful, both at the same time.




	      The Object continues to GROW RAPIDLY IN SIZE as the
	      Enterprise continues moving toward it. Everyone is
	      awed; even Spock, from whom we discern an involuntary,
	      impressed reaction. Decker is with Spock at the
	      science console.


	                , Sir!
	                ... I make it as 
	                ...

	      All digest the dimensions, as:



	      opening to admit McCoy and Chekov, whose face and hands
	      are taut with plastiskin applications. Seeing the
	      object on the viewer , Chekov's
	      eyes open with wide astonishment. He crosses quickly
	      to his weapons--defense station, his eyes on the
	      viewer. McCoy, eyes also fixed on the sight, moves
	      to Kirk's side.


	                It could hold a crew of 
	                ...!

	                              McCOY
	                Or just one thousand, ten 
	                miles tall.


	                Evaluation, Mister Spock?



	      (This will be the first time we've seen Spock dislay-
	      ing a definite reaction, almost an emotion.) So
	      engrossed is Spock in the main viewer IMAGE that he
	      appears not to have heard Kirk, whose AD LIBS a sharp
	      "...!" Spock looks absently at Kirk an
	      instant, then:


	                        
	                That vessel is generating a
	                forcefield measurably greater
	                than the radiation of the Earth's
	                sun.


	                        
	                Transmit image of the Alien to
	                Starfleet; advise we are attempting
	                further communication.


	                        
	                Unable to make contact with
	                Starfleet. Our transmissions
	                out of the Cloud are being
	                reflected back.


	                Distance to object now seventy-
	                thousand kilometers...


	                        
	                We're closing in on it rapidly,
	                Captain.

	      Concern reflected on the faces of others too. Kirk
	      considers his next move.







	      CAMERA TRAVELING WITH ENTERPRISE as it moves on a
	      parallel--closing course -- Alien continues to GROW
	      IN SIZE. Although it already seems an impossibly
	      large vessel compared to the Enterprise, in reality
	      they are still tens of thousands of kilometers apart;
	      
	      .



	      Tension high as -- the Alien now appears so close that
	      its IMAGE MORE THAN FILLS VIEWER. Considerable
	      tension of bridge -- crew members, throwing nervous
	      looks from viewer to Kirk. How much closer?!


	                Reduce magnification. Factor
	                4, Mr. Sulu.


	                        
	                We're already two settings
	                below that, sir.


	                        
	                Adjust parallel course, Navigator.
	                Bring us in to one hundred
	                kilometers distance.

	      Very nervous looks now directed toward Kirk. Even
	      Spock gives him a glance, a raised eyebrow.



	      The Alien Object appears A DOZEN TIMES LARGER THAN
	      ENTERRISE and still GROWING IN SIZE.

	      We begin to SEE Alien exterior detailing which had
	      not even been suspected at a longer distance.

	      The Enterprise is now quartering in toward the
	      Intruder, coming closer and closer. The Alien
	      vessel is still GROWING IN SIZE -- more and more,
	      its exterior appears to be made of substances never
	      before seen by a human eye -- substances considered
	      possible only in the wildest flights of scientific
	      theory -- plasma-matter, energy fields diamond--hard
	      in their power, solid sheets of subatomic particles,
	      crystalline-lace patterns which seem capable of
	      shifting their nature and rearranging themselves.



	      This time, the Enterprise travels on away from us, as
	      its course takes it angling nearer and nearer the
	      gigantic Alien Intruder -- the Starship dwindling in
	      size, growing smaller, smaller, smaller... until it
	      is a tiny dot compared to the enormity of the Alien
	      vessel.



	      We are coming alongside the mid-section of the Alien
	      vessel, now so huge that only a small section of it
	      now completely fills main viewer frame.


	                One hundred kilometers...


	                Hold relative position here...

	      Kirk's voice is blotted out by a DEAFENING, SHRILL-
	      ING SOUND, accompanied by a multi-hued point of LIGHT
	      which EXPLODES into BLINDING INTENSITY, obscuring
	      everything for an instant. Overlapping this action,
	      we HEAR:


	                Intruder alert...!  Intruder
	                alert!

	      Continues.





	      The BLINDING LIGHT FADES and in its lace we SEE a
	      strange "entity" shocking us with its frightening
	      appearance and its ugly-sounding THROBBING HUM of
	      power. It is about seven feet tall and resembles a
	      "blob" of raw energy in shifting patterns and colors
	      of deep, ugly hues of upper spectrum violet. Yet,
	      it looks strangely alive. At the end of the "tendril"
	      



	      The bridge crew reacting hard, shocked and shaken --
	      the THROBBING SOUND of the Alien thing intensifies
	      as it begins to move across the bridge. Suddenly, in
	      b.g., an elevator door snaps oen and two SECURITY
	      MEN burst onto the bridge, phasers drawn. Chekov
	      shouts warningly at the Men:


	                No weapons...!

	      But Chekov is too late: First Security Man FIRES --
	      the BLAST harmlessly absorbed by the Probe which emits
	      a SCREECHING nerve-grating SOUND --- sends out a SMALL
	      WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT which instantly envelopes First
	      Security Man in a PURPLE GLOW . Second
	      Security Man has almost lifted his phaser -- but now
	      carefully, slowly is moving his hand away from his
	      weapon.



	      PURPLE GLOW FADES, the First Security Man has simply
	      vanished.



	      Chekov, like the others, horrified, flips a switch
	      and the COMPUTER-VOICE  goes OFF.
	      At the same time Chekov speaks into his intercom:


	                Security... do not send further
	                teams!

	      The Probe is sending out snake-like tendrils to the
	      various consoles on the bridge.

	      These tendrils lash out in a cobra-strike movement,
	      the tendril-head seeming to enter  the console
	      affected -- at which time all monitors and instrument
	      lights there come ON as if the Probe is "reading"
	      each console function. The crew carefully stays clear
	      of the tendrils.

	      Spock has risen, moving to Kirk's side as he slowly
	      brings his tricorder up,  carefully extracting
	      its tiny sensor and aiming it at the probe.


	                        
	                No intruder readings on other
	                decks, Captain...
	                        
	                Can that be one of their crew?


	                        
	                A probe from their vessel...
	                        
	                A plasma-energy combination...

	      Meanwhile, the probe is now hovering near Chekov who
	      sits frozen, fists clenched, jaw tight.


	                Don't interfere with it...!


	                Absolutely, I will  interfere!



	      as the "probe" withdraws an energy-tendril from one
	      bridge station and "inserts" it into another console.


	                 interfere...! It doesn't
	                seem interested in us -- only
	                the ship...!

	      Kirk's words are never completed as 
	      
	      ,
	      .



	      Where, also immediately, all the console and computer
	      lights are suddenly flashing wildly, rapidly --

	      -- There is an incredibly fast EXCHANGE OF HIGH-PITCHED
	      BEES -- 
	      !


	                !


	                It's taken control of the
	                computer...!


	                It's running our records!
	                Starfleet strength, Earth
	                defenses...

	      As Decker moves to the main power control, Spock now
	      steps in, his Vulcan strength easily brushing Kirk and
	      Decker aside. Spock clasps his fists above his head,
	      brings it down in a SHATTERING BLOW on the console. It
	      ! As the bridge lights dim even more, and
	      as the science console shorts itself out -- and off,
	      Decker confronts Spock:


	                We could have cut it off at the
	                main computer...


	                This served the purpose.

	      Kirk has been giving Spock a puzzled look -- Spock now
	      turns abruptly, and:



	      as Spock, in stepping back, accidentally brushes the
	      probe's energy tendril -- a FLASH OF LIGHT at the
	      contact point sends Spock sinning under the rail and
	      to the floor near Ilia. The probe's energy-tendril
	      has withdrawn from the darkened science console, hov-
	      ers high over the dazed Spock as if angrily seeking
	      the reason for the break in its computer contact.
	      Spock starts to rise.


	                Mr. Spock, don't move...!

	      Decker steps toward her, AD LIBBING a grim "...!"
	      But he has no chance as:







	      The Probe hovers over her, its whole mass seemingly
	      about to envelope her with a 
	      , somehow freezing her into immobility -
	      and then the entire Probe DISSOLVES IN A BLINDING 
	      FLASH OF WHITE, obscuring Ilia. Almost instantly
	      the WHITE FLASH FADES --  -- her
	      tricorder clattering to the deck.





	      helpless, shocked, gazing at the place Ilia was --
	      but which is now empty.


	                        (to Kirk, quiet 
	                         fury)
	                This is how I define unwarranted!

	      And almost at the same moment a new BRIDGE ALARM






	233   The ALARM still sounding as from the giant alien ves-      233
	      sel, we SEE STRANGE, OPAQUE ENERGY PATTERNS STREAKING
	      TOWARD US. Kirk vaults to the command chair, lunges
	      for controls, as Decker races to the weapons-defense
	      console.


	                       
	                The ship is under attack...!
	                Man all defensive stations...!


	                Forcefields, full remaining
	                strength...! Total reserve!

	      Appropriate ALARM KLAXONS, and COMPUTER VOICES begin
	      SOUNDING, and all this is lost in a SUDDEN SHRILLING
	      SOUND . For a moment
	      the energy patterns are prominent on the viewer --
	      and then the PATTERNS VANISHED and the SHRILL SOUND
	      FADES -- and:



	      showing V'ger GROWING RAPIDLY IN SIZE. The Enterprise
	      is being  of the big ship,
	      toward its "prow."


	                Captain, we have been seized
	                by a tractor beam...!


	                        
	                Get someone up here to take
	                the Navigator's station...!
	                        
	                Engineering... full emergency
	                power!


	                        
	                Chief Difalco to the bridge;
	                on the double!



	      in a state of controlled chaos, all personnel at their
	      stations, the Engine CORE GLOWING. Scott is working
	      his controls, speaking into the intercom:


	                Going to full emergency...
	                        
	                But Captain, if we don't break
	                free in fifteen seconds, she'll
	                burn up...



	      as Spock studies his readings, and:


	                We cannot break free, Captain.
	                        
	                We do not have a fraction of
	                the power necessary.


	                        
	                Delay that order, Scotty...!
	                Disengage all main drive systems!

	      Spock peers in deep concentration at the Main Viewer,
	      trying to sense some clue. Kirk glances at him another
	      moment, then turns to the Main Viewer himself, watches
	      in frustrated helplessness.



	      the starship being pulled toward the giant as though
	      on a taut cable. As we MOVE CLOSER, we 
	       of the incredible Alien design.



	      as Difalco arrives on the run, and Decker AD LIBS to
	      her, "...!" Difalco,
	      bewildered, wants to ask what happened, but no time,
	      and she quickly sits at the post, begins orienting
	      herself. Meanwhile, Decker has begun an Executive
	      Officer's bridge circuit, assisting with various con-
	      soles. Kirk is glancing toward Spock who continues
	      concentrating on the Viewer, striving to comprehend
	      the myriad of thoughts he is sensing from he Aliens.
	      McCoy also arrives on the bridge, takes in the chaotic
	      scene, watches the Viewer grimly.







	      At the forward end of the giant, an odd-shapped "iris"
	      begins  menacingly. And it is frighteningly
	      obvious that the tractor beam is 
	      .



	      showing the unusual "iris" now almost fully open as
	      Enterprise is drawn closer, closer -- through the
	      "iris" we now SEE  V'ger's interior: a dark
	      void relieved only by strange flickering glows of dis-
	      tant ENERGY FIELD PATTERNS.

	      The crew reacts with understandable awe, apprehension,
	      curiosity, as:


	                Captain, suggest a maximum phaser
	                strike directly at the beam might
	                weaken it just enough for us to
	                break free --

	      Spock replies for Kirk: quickly, as though to make his
	      point convincingly:


	                Break free to , Commander...?
	                        
	                Any show of resistance would not
	                only be futile, Catain...

	 240XA   ACROSS SPOCK TO KIRK           240XA

	      as Kirk reacts somewhat curiously to Spock's remark,
	      but it is Decker who articulates it:


	                        
	                We don't  that, Mr. Spock.
	                Why are you opposed to trying?

	                Before Spock can reply:


	                They're pulling us ...!

	      All face the Viewer again, react, with McCoy who has
	      been observing all these reactions now galvanized
	      into action:

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Medical observers to all decks!

	      And he hurries toward the elevators, CAMERA WITH HIM
	      a moment, then SWINGING BACK TO:



	      Kirk staring at the viewer -- the "iris" now fully open
	      so that the exterior of V'ger is  --
	      and all we can SEE is the monstrous void dead ahead,
	      which is looming faster and larger before our eyes.
	      And now we are .







	      Enterprise now being pulled 
	      the ship proper. Now we can SEE that the dark void
	      is actually a vast chamber, dimly and intermittently
	      lit by POWERFIELDS appearing and vanishing along the
	      vessel's inner  
	      . And here and there in the chamber gigantic
	      ENERGY DISPLAYS erupt briefly with a certain symmetry
	      that suggests they must be part of V'ger's ower or
	      control systems.



	      Kirk peering awed at the Viewer, the incredible sight
	      of the chamber -- suddenly glances up to see that
	      Spock is standing beside him -- Decker nearby, turns
	      to Spock:


	                        
	                Why bring us inside? Not to
	                destroy us; they could have 
	                done that outside.


	                They could have many ways of
	                destroying things, Mr. Decker.


	                        
	                Something about us puzzles them...
	                perhaps even concerns them.



	      Reacting to a console reading:


	                Captain, photic-sonar readings
	                indicate the aperture is closing;
	                we're trapped, sir...!



	      The starship is pulled , the "iris" is closing
	      behind it.



	      The viewer image changing from the huge dark chamber,
	      rear angle shot, showing the "iris" closing.


	                Reverse angle on the viewer,
	                Captain.

	      On the viewer the final glimmer from exterior space
	      as the "iris" closes completely.



	      All eyes on the viewer, CAMERA FINDING ONE FACE AFTER
	      ANOTHER, the reality of the situation etched into
	      each face. Then:



	      As Spock turns from a reading:


	                The tractor beam has released
	                us, Captain.


	                Confirmed: Vessel is floating
	                free. No forward momentum.


	                Viewer ahead.


	                Viewer ahead, sir.



	      Ahead, the cavernous interior of V'ger.



	      Kirk eying the main viewer -- Decker watching Kirk.


	                Maneuvering thrusters, Mr.
	                Sulu; ahead one third.
	                        
	                Full sensor scan, Mr. Spock;
	                they can't expect us 
	                to look them over now!


	                        
	                Thrusters ahead, one third.


	                        (manipulating
	                         controls)
	                Commencing sensor scans.

	      Kirk rises, goes to Spock's station.



	      The Enterprise moving slowly forward in this vastness,
	      its running lights merely specks of light, candles in
	      the darkness. In the distance those occasional ERUPT-
	      ING POWER DISPLAYS in distant locations, sizes, shapes
	      and patterns.



	      showing another persective of the above, and further
	      away GLOWING ENERGY FIELDS dimly illuminating the alien
	      ship's walls --  away. Strange semi--solid LIGHT
	      SHAPES  traverse the dark-
	      ness in random directions. But in the distance ahead,
	      there seems to be an opening to .


	                        
	                Something ahead, sir; looks
	                like another area...
	                        
	                It's closing up...!

	      Sulu is indicating what appears to be a lace-bulwark of
	      POWERFIELD PATTERNS closing off the "chamber" in the
	      distance ahead. Kirk, from the Science Station calls
	      out:


	                Hold station...!


	                        (manipulating
	                         controls)
	                Thrusters at station keeping...



	      at his Science consoles, working rapidly, shifting from
	      one set of controls to another. Now he hits a master
	      control -- his console monitors FLASH, then go dark.


	                Captain...

	      Spock brings a monitor IMAGE ON again, indicates a
	       pattern showing a line hitting something,
	      then reversing direction.


	                        
	                 scans are being reflected
	                back, Captain. Our sensors are
	                useless.



	      Kirk reacts with disappointment, indicates the main
	      viewer.


	                Have you been able to analyze
	                 of this...?


	                       (voice increasingly
	                        reverential)
	                I believe the light flares to be
	                energy fields -- undoubtedly part
	                of the vessel's inner mechanism.
	                A technology so incredibly
	                sophisticated that I cannot --


	                        
	                Intruder Alert! Intruder
	                Alert..!
	                        







	      Reacting to a console reading:


	                Deck four, Captain; Officers'
	                Quarters...!


	                        
	                Have a security team meet me at
	                Deck Four main elevator!

	      A moment's reaction from all at this, Kirk hurrying
	      toward elevator, calling:


	                        
	                Take the conn, Mr. Decker:
	                Hold present position...
	                        (gesturing Spock
	                         to join him)
	                Spock...

	      And Spock rises, joins Kirk and they hurriedly exit,
	      the CAMERA SWINGING BACK to Decker, his perplexed con-
	      cern .



	      Where we SEE, behind the translucent stall door, what
	      is unmistakably the form of the NUDE FEMALE.



	      entering, Spock slightly behind him - and one Security
	      Guard. Kirk glances around the room, now glances at
	      the shower area and reacts as he sees the NAKED FORM.
	      The others react similarly, even Spock cannot help re-
	      pressing an expression of surprise. A moment's uncer-
	      tainty as Kirk peers at them, then he steps to the
	      stall door, hesitates another instant -- then 
	      .

	      

	      Kirk's eyes cannot believe what he is seeing:



	      standing in the , naked but for a small
	      . As she
	      looks at Kirk -- and the others -- the men peer back
	      at her, speechless.


	                I have been programmed by V'ger
	                to observe and record normal
	                functioning of the carbon-based
	                units infesting USS ENTERPRISE.

	      Kirk peers at her another nonplussed moment, then leans
	      into the shower to touch a control, his eyes fixed on
	      the lovely body behind the mist. He punches in a three
	      digit code. Immediately a HUMMING SOUND emanates from
	      the shower stall, Kirk closing the door, but 'Ilia"
	      remaining inside.



	      The HUMMING SOUND just now reaching a gentle crescendo
	      -- through the translucent door you can see COLORS
	      ENVELOPING "ILIA'S" FORM. And now the SOUND STOPS.
	      "Ilia", attired in a leisure robe, steps from the stall,
	      into the room. She stands facing Kirk, her face impas-
	      sive, eyes unblinking. He looks her back a moment,
	      then glances at Spock, who is gazing at "Ilia" in abso-
	      lute fascination. Kirk addresses her:


	                Who is...'V'ger'...?


	                V'ger is that which programmed me.


	                Is V'ger the Captain of the alien
	                vessel?

	  256A   ANGLE ON THE DOOR - McCOY                                 256A

	      rushing in, concerned:

	                              McCOY
	                Jim, what's --

	      At the sight of 'Ilia", McCoy's words die in his throat
	      -- and his trained eyes have instantly told him some-
	      thing is awry. He unslings his tricorder, aims the
	      sensor unit at "Ilia". As he reads his instruments, his
	      face reveals the results .
	      Meanwhile, from the start:


	                V'ger is that which seeks the
	                Creator.
	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Jim, this is a mechanism...!

	      Kirk stares at McCoy, then at "Ilia" and realizes that
	      "Ilia" is indeed non-human. And quickly:


	                Where is Lt. Ilia?


	                That unit no longer functions.
	                I have been given its form to
	                more readily communicate with
	                the carbon-based units infesting
	                Enterprise.


	                "Carbon-based units"...?

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Humans, Ensign Lang: .
	                        (continues tricorder 
	                         exam, increasingly
	                         impressed)


	                        
	                Why does V'ger travel to
	                the third planet of the
	                solar system directly
	                ahead?


	                V'ger travels to the third 
	                planet to find the Creator.

	      Stunned, disbelieving reactions as all four attempt to
	      digest this -- Spock gazing at "Ilia" with even more
	      rapt fascination. Kirk, bewildered, addresses the
	      others:


	                Find the Creator?  Creator?
	                ...!?
	                        
	                What does V'ger want of the
	                'Creator'... ?


	                To join with him.



	      suddenly alert, addressing "Ilia":



	                Join with the Creator... ? How?


	                V'ger and the Creator will become
	                One.


	                Who is the Creator?

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Mr. Spock, be careful.


	                The Creator is that which created
	                V'ger.


	                Who is V'ger?


	                V'ger is that which seeks the
	                Creator.

	      Another moment of total exasperation, frustration, during
	      which "Ilia" seems to be waiting politely, patiently for
	      any further questions. When none are forthcoming:


	                       (continuing; pleasant,
	                        bland)
	                I am ready to commence my
	                observations.


	                        
	                Doctor, a thorough examination
	                of this probe might provide some
	                insight into those who manufactured
	                it, and how to deal with them.

	                              McCOY
	                Let's get her to sickbay.

	      And he grasps "Ilia's" arm to escort her. But is as
	      though he has seized cast iron: immovable. McCoy is
	      thrown off balance merely by 'Ilia's" remaining sta-
	      tionary. She ignores McCoy, addresses Kirk:


	                I am programmed to observe and
	                record normal functioning
	                procedures of the carbon-based
	                units.

	  256B   Kirk glances at McCoy, who is totally bemused, but then   256B
	      Kirk quickly responds to "Ilia":


	                The examination is a normal
	                function.


	                        
	                You may proceede.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Thank you.



	      scanning a "body". PULL BACK TO SHOW McCoy, Chapel,
	      Kirk, Spock and Chekov -- standing over "ILIA" who lies
	      prone on the table, the physicians moving the scanner
	      over her.

	                              McCOY
	                        (from the start;
	                         indicating)
	                ... micro-miniature hydraulics,
	                sensors, molecule-sized multi-
	                processor chips... and look at
	                ...

	      In the b.g., , grimly observes the proceed-
	      ings.


	                        
	                An osmotic micro-pump... here
	                and here. Even the smallest
	                body functions are exactly
	                duplicated.
	                        (traces with finger
	                         on screen)
	                And every exocrine system is
	                here, too --

	      Chapel breaks off abruptly, noticing "Ilia" is peering
	      intently -- almost with a glimmer of recognition -- at
	      . Slightly disconcerted, Chapel continues:


	                        
	                -- even eye moisture.


	                        
	                Deck -- er.



	      as everyone reacts to "Ilia's" utterance of Decker's
	      name. It seems to make the deepest impression on
	      Spock, confirming something he has suspected.


	                        
	                Interesting. Not 'Decker-unit'?

	      "Ilia" continues peering at Decker with just a hint
	      of a puzzled frown, a glimmer of distant recognition.
	      It's the first time we've seen her expression look
	      anything but cool and bland. This results in the
	      quizzical rising of one of Spock's eyebrows.



	      McCoy's examination now turns "Ilia" away from the
	      others. Spock quickly catches Kirk's and Decker's
	      attention, indicates an adjoining door -- they fol-
	      low him out of the room.

	259   INT. McCOY'S OFFICE                                        259

	      as Kirk, Spock and Decker enter, the door snapping
	      shut -- and Spock touching the  to
	      secure them. He faces the others:


	                Captain... this probe may be a key
	                a key to the Aliens.


	                It's a programmed ,
	                Mr. Spock...


	                We have just seen that its body
	                duplicates our navigator in
	                 detail. Suppose that
	                beneath its programming, the
	                real Ilia's memory patterns are
	                duplicated with equal precision.


	                They had a pattern to follow...


	                        
	                ... they may have followed it
	                 precisely.


	                       
	                Ilia's memory, her feelings of
	                loyalty, friendship, obedience...
	                might all be there.



	      also comprehending, and not liking it one bit as Spock
	      and Kirk are both turning their attention to him.


	                Exactly.
	                        
	                And you did have a 'relationship'
	                with Lieutenant Ilia, Commander.


	                That probe in there -- in a
	                different form now -- is the
	                same thing that  Ilia!


	                Commander, we're locked in an
	                alien vessel, six hours from
	                Earth orbit, our only contact
	                with our captors is the probe.
	                If we can control it, persuade
	                it, use it in some way...

	      Interrupted by the SOUND of someone trying to open the
	      locked door behind them. Then a METAL RIPPING SOUND
	      as they whirl to see:



	      with the METAL BUCKLING, TEARING -- and a 
	      . It is the
	      "Ilia" probe, her face absolutely impassive, her
	      whole manner incongruously benign. (Behind her, a
	      startled McCoy, Chapel and Chekov.) "Ilia" speaks
	      flatly, blandly.


	                I have recorded enough here.
	                       
	                You will now assist me further.

	      Kirk exchanges a quick glance with Spock. Then:


	                       
	                The Decker-unit can assist you
	                with much greater efficiency...

	      "Ilia" has seemed about to object -- but now her eyes
	      hold on Decker. Then she nods.


	                       
	                Carry on with your assignment,
	                Mr. Decker.




	      as Decker looks at "Ilia" who stands at the torn door.
	      You can read Decker's mind: I'm supposed to persuade
	      that?! He turns back, finds Kirk's eyes on him.
	      Decker nods.


	                Aye, sir.

	      "Ilia" and a reluctant Decker EXIT.



	      looking very troubled as they watch Decker and "Ilia"
	      leave. Kirk notices.


	                Spock? Concerned about his
	                chances?


	                I am uneasy with that being
	                our only hope of more information.

	      Spock EXITS.



	      floating in the vast, eerie, alien chamber -- sporadic
	      FLASHES OF ENERGY, erupting now and then. Various
	      other EFFECTS. OVER this, Kirk's VOICE:


	                Captain's Log. Stardate 7414.1.
	                Our best estimates place us some
	                four hours from Earth. No
	                significant Ilia memory patterns
	                within the alien probe. This
	                remains our only means of contact
	                with our captor.



	      The area dimly lit -- unoccupied but for a lone AIRLOCK
	      TECHNICIAN checking and adjusting instruments. The
	      CAMERA MOVES PAST him to FIND:



	      His face fixed with grim determination, walking quietly
	      with obvious intent not to attract the Tech's attention.
	      Now he steals up behind the TECH -- and in an instant
	      has applied a . The Tech slumps over
	      his console.



	      Showing a CLOSE SHOT of ENTERPRISE PICTURES, then PULL
	      BACK SLIGHTLY for an IMAGE of Decker and "Ilia" walk-
	      ing through the . PULL BACK FURTHER TO SHOW
	      Kirk watching this -- and with him is . They
	      continue watching a troubled beat, as:


	                        
	                All these vessels were called
	                "Enterprise".

	      "Ilia" is giving the pictures a very interested look
	      as we HEAR in Kirk's cabin:


	                        
	                Bridge to Captain...






	      Uhura at her console, struggling to hear the signal.


	                Kirk here.

	      In the b.g., Spock's station a MAINTENANCE TEAM
	      is replacing the broken Science Station computer.
	      


	                A faint signal from Starfleet,
	                sir. They have the intruder on
	                their monitors...
	                        (struggling to 
	                         hear)
	                They show us... three hours...
	                twenty-four minutes from Earth!


	                        
	                Thank you.



	      Decker and "Ilia", the Rec Deck unoccupied but for a
	      pair of wary SECURITY GUARDS at a very discreet dis-
	      tance. They are near the pictures of the five Enter-
	      prises, which should be FEATURED in this SHOT, as
	      Decker waves his hand about the huge room.


	                The carbon units use this area
	                for recreation...
	                        
	                What type of recreation does the
	                crew aboard your vessel enjoy...?



	      As "Ilia" moves on into the room, Decker follows:


	                The words 'recreation' and 'enjoy'
	                have no meaning to my programming.

	      Decker peers at the lovely android with frustration --
	      and no little pain, for she is after all the exact
	      replica of Ilia. She pays not the slightest attention
	      to Decker's reaction, and begins walking about the Rec
	      Deck taking in (and, clearly, transmitting all images
	      to V'ger) the sights. They are near a  (elec-
	      tronic games), and now Decker points to one game,
	       -- presses button to activate its
	      LIGHTS and SOUNDS. "Ilia" watches interestedly as
	      Decker operates the game.


	                Ilia 'enjoyed' this game... she
	                nearly always won --

	      And he demonstrates again, as "Ilia" steps to the
	      device, deftly hits some buttons -- and for just an
	      instant she turns to Decker with a momentary glimmer
	      of recognition.



	      McCoy watching with special interest:

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Good! He's using audial-visual
	                association.

	      But the words are not out of McCoy's mouth when "Ilia"
	      says:


	                This device serves no purpose.

	      She steps away from the game; Decker's disappointment
	      is evident. So is everyone elses.


	                Damn...!

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                She needs something else:
	                something much more personal to
	                stimulate memory patterns. Something
	                with a more emotional tie.

	      Kirk reacts to this, reflective.



	      Decker waving back toward the general area of the
	      Enterprise pictures.


	                The crews of the previous
	                Enterprises were also carbon units.
	                In what way is the life form in
	                your vessel different?


	                Carbon units are not true life
	                forms... Do those images repre-
	                sent how Enterprise has evolved
	                into its present form?


	                        (hoping he's struck
	                         a responsive chord)
	                Yes.


	                Carbon units have clearly retarded
	                Enterprise's proper evolvement.


	                        
	                What is Enterprise's proper
	                evolvement?


	                Enterprise should not require
	                the presence of carbon units.

	      And with this she moves off, observing other Rec Deck
	      objects. Decker moves with her; then:


	                        
	                Enterprise would be unable to
	                function  carbon units.


	                More data concerning this functioning
	                is necessary before carbon units can
	                be patterned for data storage.



	      as he reacts to this ominous note; he stops abruptly.


	                What does that mean?


	                        (stopping; almost
	                         pleasantly)
	                When my examination is complete, 
	                the carbon units will be reduced 
	                to data patterns.

	      This has been delivered with chilling blandness, and
	      she stands facing Decker, almost as though waiting for
	      him to thank her. He thinks fast now.


	                Within you are memory patterns of
	                a carbon unit. If I can help you
	                revive these patterns; you could
	                understand our functions better.


	                That is logical. You may procede.



	      realizing the difficult task ahead; the pain he will
	      suffer.



	      The ship stationary in the chamber as now we SEE an
	      exterior hatch sliding fully open. Up through the
	      hatch a circular airlock door opens -- and a tiny
	      figure in a thruster spacesuit emerges, steps into
	      space, slowly floats down through the hatch and under
	      the Enterprise saucer section. In this and subsequent
	      VIEWS we will SEE that on the rear pack of his thruster
	      spacesuit is a FLASHING STROBE LIGHT which regularly
	      EMITS the identifying SIGNAL of this particular suit.
	      (By which Kirk will be able to see Spock's position
	      even from several miles away.)



	      MOVING TOWARD the CAMERA until the features behind
	      the face mask are clearly identifiable: Spock, his
	      face set in the same grim, determined expression, as
	      he touches his spacesuit transmitter control.


	                Computer, commence recording.
	                Captain Kirk -- this message
	                will detail my attempt to
	                contact the aliens...



	      Kirk ENTERING, crossing Uhura as she calls:


	                Starfleet signals, sir, growing
	                in strength...
	                       
	                They -- have Intruder on their
	                monitors -- it's decelerating --
	                powerfield cloud beginning to
	                dissipate...


	                Confirm, Captain. Lunar beacons
	                indicate Intruder on a course
	                into Earth orbit...


	                        
	                Sir! Airlock four has been opened;
	                a thruster suit is reported missing!


	                        
	                Spock...!
	                        
	                Get a fix on his position!



	      His features now set into an almost trance-like expres-
	      sion as he concentrates on the thought emanations.
	      Then we SEE his head turn, he peers off -- then he
	      moves his thruster controls. We SEE the small blue
	      jets of his thrusters -- his spacesuit figure begins
	      to move off in the direction he was concentrating
	      upon.



	      His thrusters moving him across V'ger's vast chamber
	      then dropping down into a deep "trough"-like area
	      which stretches into the distance ahead of him. A
	      cloud of CRYSTAL FORMS  become
	      visible to one side but Spock passes them at some dis-
	      tance and does not attract them.

	      We can SEE more clearly now the point on the inner wall
	      of the trough toward which Spock is heading. It is an
	      unusual combination of GLOWING FORCEFIELDS which seem
	      to mark this point of the vessel as of some importance.
	      (Here, also, we will become aware of "sensor-bee"
	      swarms, intermittently darting toward this same wall
	      from all points of the chamber.)



	      SHOWING Kirk in a thruster spacesuit, helmet being
	      readied by AIRLOCK TECHNICIANS. McCoy is also here,
	      arguing with Kirk:


	                        
	                ... I don't want him stopped, Bones;
	                I want him to lead me to whatever's
	                out there...!

	                              McCOY
	                And if that 'whatever' has taken
	                over his mind....?

	                Then he'll have still led me to
	                it, won't he?

	      And Kirk steps into the airlock door, hits a control --
	      it begins sliding closed behind him.



	      UP THROUGH the circular airlock door as it slides open
	      -- and Kirk's tiny spacesuited figure floats down
	      clear of the saucer.



	      SEEING his face through the spacesuit faceplate as he
	      scans the darkness.


	                Bridge, Captain. We make Spock
	                as 26 Mark 345 degrees off ship's
	                axis.

	      During which, Kirk spots something.



	      Spock's STROBE blinker at a mile or so distance,
	      nearing V'ger's inner walls.




	                I have him in sight.

	      During which, Kirk touches his thruster controls and
	      blue thruster jet propels him off in the direction
	      indicated. His thrusters come on for a longer period
	      of time as he accelerates to the higher speed necessary
	      to overtake Spock...



	      The DOOR SNAPPING open, and "Ilia", McCoy and Decker
	      entering. Then CAMERA REVEALS  already inside,
	      looking through some female adornments she's found
	      there.


	                I remember Lt. Ilia once mentioning
	                that she wore this...


	                        
	                ... when we met.

	      Clearly this is  painful to Decker. Meanwhile,
	      Chapel hands the  to "Ilia".


	                        
	                Put it on.

	      "Ilia" hasn't the slightest idea what to do with the
	      headband, holds it, runs her fingers over the jewels
	      and feathers embedded into it. Chapel takes it from
	      her, places it on 'Ilia's" head, now switches on the
	      light illuminating the dressing table mirror -- stands
	      behind her with Decker, both watching apprehensively.



	      studying her image in the mirror, her face totally
	      blank a moment, but then breaking into a bemused
	      frown -- as though trying to remember. And:


	                        
	                Ilia...


	                        
	                On Delta... remember...?

	      And it seems that "Ilia" does remember. She peers at
	      her image, then sets the headband into its exact
	      proper position. Then she turns and looks at them
	      with recognition.


	                        
	                Dr. Chapel...



	      as Chapel smiles, pleased, and looks at Decker who
	      stares at "Ilia" nonplussed. This is Ilia coming
	      alive!


	                        
	                "Will..."

	      And she touches his hand, runs her own hand over it,
	      and smiles.

	      Decker is completely overwhelmed, struggles for words
	      and looks to McCoy for some kind of help. McCoy
	      realizes Decker is losing himself in fantasy.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Commander... this is a mechanism...

	      Decker is startled, and for another slit-second he's
	      lost -- but then he realizes the reality, and what he
	      should do:

	                        
	                Ilia, help us make direct contact
	                with V'ger...


	                I... cannot.

	      Decker looks at "Ilia's" hand still resting on his.
	      Then:


	                Then tell us who V'ger is; where
	                he's from... W need your help.

	      For another moment "Ilia" continues smiling at Decker,
	      holding his hand. Then, abruptly, the smile vanishes
	      -- the hand is released. Clearly, she's again the
	      probe, as:


	                Why have two carbon units entered
	                V'ger...?

	      Decker glances at McCoy, who shakes his head almost
	      imperceptibly: he doesn't know. But Decker has an
	      obvious reply:


	                They want to make contact with
	                V'ger...
	                        (trying to revive
	                         "Ilia's" memory again;
	                         touches her hand)
	                Ilia...

	      "Ilia" peers at him blankly, allows him to continue 
	      touching her hand, but obviously it means nothing to
	      her.


	                        (continuing;
	                         distressed,
	                         to "Ilia")
	                Does V'ger object to the presence
	                of the two carbon units?


	                The carbon units are of no
	                consequence; V'ger will determine
	                their purpose.

	                              McCOY
	                Their purpose is to survive.


	                That is also V'ger's purpose.

	      Decker's face reflects his bemusement:


	                You said V'ger's purpose was to
	                find and join with the Creator.


	                That is how V'ger will survive.



	      as now, the bemusement changes to just the slightest
	      enlightenment.


	                I wish to continue my observations.



	      Kirk but a small object, thruster jets occasionally
	      spurting as he guides himself deeper into the trench
	      as he continues forward progress in the direction he
	      saw Spock taking.



	      So we can SEE his face , as he looks
	      ahead into the distance toward Spock.



	      Spock's STROBE signal closer and Spock's tiny space-
	      suited figure now becoming dimly visible as he moves
	      steadily toward the GLOWING FORCEFIELDS of the inner
	      wall.



	      His attention fixed on Spock, he never notices until
	      an instant too late an O.S. object; quickly he hits a
	      thruster control, and we SEE the MANEUVERING JET turn
	      him to the side as:



	      A swarm of strange-looking translucent crystal-like
	      FORMS on a collision course with Kirk. (NOTE: They
	      were traveling , and are not deliberate ob-
	      structions. However, Kirk's nearness now has attracted
	      them and the swarm of them heads in his direction.
	      Kirk tries to avoid them; he hits a second MANEUVERING
	      JET -- but he overcompensates, and spins straight into
	      the intercepting swarm of them.



	      as the nearest crystal forms WHIP INTO SHOT, adhering
	      to Kirk's spacesuit. He hits full MANEUVERING JETS
	      now, seems to make some escape, but still more forms
	      WHIP IN, adhere.


	                Bridge...!



	      All eyes anxiously on the O.S. main viewer.


	                ... stand by, I may be in trouble...

	      Sulu hits the viewer magnification control.



	      As the distant STROBE FLASHES of Kirk's spacesuit are
	      MAGNIFIED CLOSER, pulling Kirk into MEDIUM LONG SHOT.
	      We can SEE the details of the swarm of forms adhering.
	      
	      !



	      Expressions of bridge crew to reflect the horror of
	      what they're seeing as:


	                Your phaser, Captain...!
	                Use your phaser...!


	                        
	                Can't... reach... phas --
	                        (transmission breaks
	                         off in heavy )


	                Airlocks two and four --
	                prepare to launch rescue
	                teams!
	                        
	                Chief Lang! Get them out
	                there! Fast!


	                Mr. Spock, the Captain is in
	                trouble, directly behind you --
	                three hundred meters!
	                        
	                Mr. Spock!

	      Looks of distress are exchanged.



	      Spock's spacesuited figure MOVING TOWARD the CAMERA,
	      as we HEAR:


	                        
	                ... Spock...! ... need help...!
	                ... trapped...!

	      No indication at first that Spock has heard; his face
	      set with determination, his eyes fixed on his destin-
	      ation: the inner wall.


	                        (continuing; weakening;

	                ... pressure on me...! ... can't
	                move...! Spock...!



	      as Kirk's VOICE STOPS -- and all that is heard now
	      is the HEAVY STATIC crackling ominously. Spock's
	      expression flickers, then he hits reverse thruster
	      JETS, stops -- he turns to glance at the inner wall,
	      then his thrusters turn him so he can look back the
	      way he came from. But he cannot resist Kirk's call;
	      he suddenly hits his thruster controls, then JETS
	      FLARE, and:



	      as thruster JETS accelerate him back toward Kirk.



	      showing Kirk's spacesuit completely covered, encased
	      in the blob. Kirk is . But in the
	      distance, facing toward him is !



	      with Spock in the near distance, heading TOWARD the
	      CAMERA. As he approaches Kirk, Spock brings out his
	      phaser. Now he hits the controls for the REVERSE JETS --
	      he slows RAPIDLY as he approaches Kirk's now complete-
	      ly encased spacesuit. Spock makes a quick phaser
	      adjustment.



	      Spock levels the phaser carefully. FIRES. The PHASER
	      BEAM strikes the blob form -- it SHATTERS, the pieces




	      facing each other while hovering in space.


	                Bridge, cancel rescue teams.
	                        
	                Spock, what in the hell are you
	                doing out here!


	                I am seeking answers, Captain.


	                        
	                Answers to what, Spock? Our
	                dilemma -- or your  one?

	      Spock does not immediately reply, peers at Kirk through
	      the faceplate a long beat, then abruptly looks away,
	      points off into the distance:



	      We can SEE what appear to be SPARKLING GLOBULES OF
	      LIGHT darting toward the inner wall in the distance,
	      then disappearing there. (We'll SEE other swarms
	      occasionally too, coming from different directions --
	      they will later be identified as "sensor swarms" on
	      closer examination.)


	                        
	                Captain, I believe there we will
	                find an indication of whoever --
	                or whatever -- is aboard this
	                vessel...

	      Kirk weighs alternatives, then pushes his thruster
	      controls and begins moving in the direction Spock
	      indicated.

	      Their thruster jets flash, propel them toward the 
	      point on the inner wall.



	      The most prominent area of the vast inner wall -- the
	      patterns on the wall here seem to GLOW with life.
	      The spacesuited figures of Kirk and Spock ENTER SCENE,
	      gliding slowly toward what seems to be the central
	      part of theses patterns.



	      as they approach and then we SEE the brief REVERSE
	      THRUSTERS and then forward momentum stops; motionless.
	      Then Spock sees something, indicates.



	      Now, we SEE that they are tiny, multi-colored points
	      of FLASHING LIGHT -- almost like swarms of bees.
	      They approach the inner wall at this central point
	      and seem to "disappear" through the orifice.



	      This "sensor swarm" has been coming from a direction
	      that will take them close past Kirk and Spock. Then,
	      as it passes, Spock reaches out quickly, grabs.
	      He turns to Kirk, his hand closed on something.



	      Spock opens his hand, retaining a hold on something
	      with his fingers. He brings it up to Kirk's face mask
	      -- it's a tiny SENSOR, its multi-colors flashing as it
	      tries to escape from Spock's fingers. And in this CLOSE
	      VIEW, we SEE that this is a SENSOR very much like the
	      one we've seen earlier embedded in the Ilia-probe's
	      throat hollow. Then Spock releases it and it darts
	      to join the sensor swarm near the opening of the inner
	      wall.



	      From this closer distance, 
	      
	      .



	      Kirk and Spock exchange a look. Their thruster JETS
	      ignite briefly, moving them in that direction.



	      closely approaching the inner wall now, timing their
	      movements to coincide with the arrival of another
	      "swarm" -- the wall begins OPENING. The "swarm"
	      through, the wall begins CLOSING -- but Spock and 
	      Kirk slip in before it closes.



	      The wall closing behind them, they are safely inside.
	      But as they stop their forward momentum, their eyes
	      widen with awe and surprise at what they are seeing:



	      The long "cave" chamber with its row of huge MEDIATOR
	      BALLS extending into the distance. To one side, the
	      gleaming CRYSTAL MEMORY WALL.



	      as Spock makes a quick analysis and estimate of what
	      they are seeing. Then, he takes out his tricorder
	      again, propels himself toward the memory crystals.
	      Kirk follows.



	      as Spock adjusts his tricorder through several readings.


	                It would appear that the atomic
	                arrays of these crystals store
	                information. A remarkably
	                efficient system.


	                        
	                And these 'sensor-swarms' collect
	                that data, carry it here.


	                        
	                New crystals: they must contain
	                the most recent data obtained --

	      And Spock touches one of these new crystals (it will be
	       than the others): ANOTHER 


	      PROFUSION OF FAINT IMAGES, but this time including a
	      pattern-like image of s (the
	      ones destroyed by the Cloud), and obvious 
	      n. Also, a 

pattern
	      of the  killed by the probe. And Ilia.


	                Klingons... our Epsilon 9 station
	                ... and Ilia!! They seem to be 
	                more than just images...


	                        
	                Exact patterns. The energy bolt
	                that hit them wasn't simply a
	                weapon -- it dematerialized them,
	                stored them. But why?

	      And he turns and begins moving on, studying the wall,
	      consulting his tricorder.



	      Spock inspecting this area at which the "newer" crystals
	      are PULSATING and GLOWING, and which appears to be a
	      termination of the Crystal area, continuing on and dis-
	      .


	                If this is their ship's data
	                banks, where is the crew? Or
	                is their entire ship automated?


	                Captain, I do not believe there
	                 a crew -- or that this is a
	                vessel as such.

	      A beat, as Kirk reacts incredulously.


	                        
	                I am almost certain now that all
	                of this s V'ger -- I believe
	                that we are inside a life form,
	                a .

	      Spock turns his spacesuit, turns his tricorder out to-
	      ward the Mediator Balls, takes a reading in that di-
	      rection. Then a glance to Kirk.


	                I t attempt mindmeld with it,
	                Captain.

	      Spock touches his spacesuit controls; the THRUSTER
	      JETS move him out toward the Mediator Balls.


	                        
	                Spock...



	      Spock reaching the Ball, halts his momentum and 
	      , baring his hand. Stretching the bare
	      hand toward a part of it which looks strangely "alive."
	      The very power generated from this area is clearly
	      affecting Spock's hand. Meanwhile, Kirk has used his
	      THRUSTERS to join him.


	                Spock, if you're right, its mind
	                may be ...

	      But Spock pays him no attention, his entire being now
	      focused on the PULSATING GLOW of the "alive" area --
	      the CAMERA MOVING IN CLOSER TO Spock, as he  his
	      hand toward that surface, closer, closer.



	      watching, almost mesmerized. Torn between wanting to
	      pull Spock away from the wall -- and knowing that
	      Spock must go through with it. For everyone's sake.



	      preparing for the ordeal, moving his hand to the "liv-
	      ing area," the invisible force even stronger -- but
	      Spock's strength unwavering, and now he  
	       -- and it FLARES WITH STRANGE ENERGY at the
	      touch. And at the same moment Spock' body convulses
	      as if tens of thousands of volts of electricity are
	      charging through him.



	      as he begins to shudder with the shock, the CAMERA
	      CONTINUES INTO EXTREME CLOSE-UP as we SEE Spock's mouth
	      open -- he SCREAMS. CAMERA INTO EXTREME CLOSE SHOT OF




	      MUSIC IN AND UP as we travel through ABSTRACT IMAGES
	      . Symbolizing V'ger's
	      incredible and complex store of mechanistic knowledge,
	      these IMAGES suggest patterns of atoms, molecules,
	      galaxies, dimensions of the universe beyond human
	      knowledge or comprehension. It takes only fifteen or
	      twenty seconds, but seems to span aeons, taking us
	      through micro-infinity and macro-infinity.






	      ANGLE ON SPOCK'S FACE as he lies in a sickbay bed. His
	      eyes are open; he is staring straight ahead as if in a
	      catatonic state, completly unaware of his surroundings.
	      Then Doctor Chapel leans INTO SCENE, moving a medical
	      scanner over the brain area.


	                Now scanning pons area at spinal
	                nerve fiber connection...

	319   ANGLE ON McCOY AND KIRK                                    319

	      McCoy at a console, watching readings he is getting
	      from Chapel's scanner. Kirk watches McCoy anxiously.

	                              McCOY
	                Indications of some neurological
	                trauma--the power pouring through
	                that mind-meld must have been
	                staggering...

	      Before Kirk can reply, they HEAR a ! An abrupt,
	      harsh, bitter laugh.



	      as all whirl to the patient area where it is obviously
	      Spock who has just laughed -- but there is no indication
	      of laughter from him now. A startled Chapel has stepped
	      back away from the bed. Spock seems to be attempting
	      to focus, orient himself as Kirk and McCoy hurry to the
	      bedside.


	                        
	                Jim...

	      And Spock reaches out a hand weakly., takes a surprised
	      Kirk's hand in his. McCoy exchanges a surprised glance 
	      with Kirk, as Spock -- clutching Kirk's hand in friend-
	      ship and need -- struggles to summon strength to speak.


	                        
	                This  feeling...
	                        
	                ... is so far beyond V'ger's
	                comprehension.



	      with Kirk and McCoy exchanging another surprised
	      glance , with McCoy gesturing Kirk
	      not to question it.


	                        
	                Were you right? Spock? V'ger
	                is a living machine...?


	                        
	                A life form of its own; a
	                conscious, living entity.


	                        
	                A ...?!

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                 living machines, too: protein
	                mechanisms.

	      Kirk nods at McCoy.


	                And it considers the Enterprise a
	                living machine: that's why the
	                probe refers to our ship as an
	                entity.


	                If it thinks our ship is alive
	                what does it think  are?

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                An 'infestation' -- bacteria...
	                microbes.



	      as Spock turns to Kirk.


	                I saw V'ger's planet: a planet
	                populated by living machines.
	                Unbelievable technology.
	                        
	                V'ger has knowledge that spans this
	                universe.
	                And... in all this order... all
	                this magnificence, V'ger feels
	                no awe...no delight... no beauty...
	                        
	                I should have known...

	      Kirk waits for Spock to continue, but Spock seems too
	      weak.


	                Know what, Spock? What?

	      But Spock falls back, exhausted -- and McCoy gently
	      tugs at Kirk, AD-LIBBING, 
	      Kirk shrugs McCoy away, addresses Spock:


	                        
	                What should you have known?


	                        
	                No meaning... No hope...
	                        
	                And, Jim, no answers...!
	                Jim, it's looking for 
	                !


	                What answers?


	                'Is this all I am? Is there not
	                more?'

	      Just then an INTERCOM SIGNAL:


	                A faint signal from Starfleet,
	                sir! Intruder Cloud has been
	                located on their outer monitors
	                for past twenty-seven minutes...
	                dissipating rapidly as it approaches.

	      Immediately,  voice:


	                Starfleet reports forward velocity
	                has slowed to sub-warp speed! We
	                are three minutes from Earth's
	                orbit!-


	                        
	                I'll be right there...
	                        
	                I need Spock on the bridge.



	      as Chapel urns to a MED TECH, AD LIBS an order,
	       As the Tech quickly sets
	      the hypo-injector, and hands it to Chapel - and she
	      injects Spock, the hypo emitting a fast, QUIET HISS --
	      Kirk gazes at Spock just an instant as Spock breathes
	      deeply, the drug clearly strengthening him. Chapel
	      and the Tech help Spock from the bed, as Kirk addresses
	      McCoy:


	                A machine planet...? Sending a
	                machine to Earth looking for its
	                ...?

	                              McCOY
	                God.

	      Kirk looks at him, then at Spock -- on his feet now --
	      then at McCoy again:


	                'To find the Creator,' the probe
	                said. Find ...?

	                              McCOY
	                Isn't that what we're all trying
	                to do...?
	                        
	                All us machines...?

	      Kirk stands facing him another moment, then whirls
	      and steps to the monitor, flips some buttons, and
	      peaks into his communicator.


	                Mr. Chekov, Commander Decker's
	                present location?


	                He... they... are in Engineering,
	                sir.


	                        
	                I want to make a ship's announcement.
	                But it's to be heard only in
	                Engineering.


	                Ready, Captain.


	                        
	                
	                ...
	                ...



	      SHOWING Scott  listening to Kirk's
	      words -- and facing Decker and "Ilia" who are just
	      about to leave Engineering. (In b.g. the Engine core
	      GLOWS the appropriate color, and there is a SOFT
	      HUM of IDLE POWER.) Kirk's VOICE continues:


	                        
	                
	                
	                
	                
	                !



	      The probe bland as usual, but Kirk's words seem to
	      have strangely elated Decker; he says to her:


	                A machine...! Then it had to be
	                programmed. By ...?


	                By the Creator.


	                        
	                To join, and become One with the
	                Creator?


	                To learn all that is learnable;
	                to deliver all collected data to
	                the Creator on the third planet.
	                That is the programming.



	      just now confronting them, regarding "Ilia" with open
	      disapproval.


	                Well, sir, now what about all that?
	                A living entity, the Captain says...
	                entity... A living thing...!

	      Decker really hasn't heard Scott; he's gazing at "Ilia,"
	      attempting to digest what she's just said. But quickly:


	                Thank you, Scotty...

	      He moves to leave.


	                        
	                Your welcome, sir.

	      Now Decker and "Ilia" move toward the exit, Scott gaz-
	      ing after them glaringly, watching "Ilia's" every
	      move. Suddenly, almost into the corridor, "Ilia" turns
	      and looks back at the engine room. She addresses
	      Decker, but load enough for Scott to overhear:


	                There is no logical reason for
	                carbon units to control Enterprise's
	                power systems.


	                        
	                Lassie, if I were functioning
	                'logically,' right now I'd be
	                showing you the inside of our
	                scrap metal compactor!



	      Kirk with McCoy and Spock, who although somewhat shaky,
	      is clearly more alert. They are just assuming their
	      stations.


	                We're now locked into Starfleet's
	                transceivers; Admiral Nogura has
	                received your reports, sir.



	      Kirk pausing halfway to his chair to study the viewer
	      on which is appearing 
	      .


	                The visual is a lunar monitor
	                relay, sir.

	      As they begin to study it, the IMAGE suddenly distorts and 
	      is replaced by signal interference -- SIGNAL STATIC LINES 

	      (Somewhat resembling the kind of high voltage interference
	      some-times seen on the television screen.)


	                        
	                Heavy interference, sir -- it's
	                coming from here, inside the
	                intruder itself...

	      Uhura hits buttons and immediately from the speakers we 
	      HEAR A SERIES OF CARRIER WAVE BEEPS. Spock looks up from 
	      his console, listens to it.


	                Puzzling! The interference
	                appears to be a rather simple
	                carrier wave code signal...


	                On an old style  frequency,
	                sir...



	      as the doors snap open and Decker and "Ilia" appear.
	      All eyes go to them as:


	                        (to Decker;
	                         interrupting)
	                As I stated, V'ger calls to the
	                Creator.


	                       
	                V'ger is announcing that it has
	                arrived, sir -- that it's ready
	                to deliver the information it
	                was programmed to collect...


	                'To learn all that is learnable.'


	                        
	                It expects a return signal now,
	                ordering it to transmit that 
	                information to the Creator.


	                        
	                Sir! V'ger's signals have
	                stopped...


	                        
	                Decker... The Creator has not 
	                responded.

	      Kirk hears this, turning inquiringly toward her, but
	      Uhura interrupts:


	                Picking up Starfleet again; a
	                lunar monitor relay...



	      as, indeed, the interference is fading and a new Main 
	      Viewer IMAGE is appearing -- it shows V'GER IN EARTH 
	      ORBIT with a strange looking OBJECT moving away from 
	      V'ger. It is an ominous looking, HUGE SWIRLING GREEN
	      MASS -- it resembles the same green plasma-energy bolts
	      that destroyed the Klingons and Epsilon 9 -- and very 
	      nearly the Enterprise. It is not a bolt now -- the mass 
	      is much larger and appears . A second 
	      object has now formed and moves off, a third one begins 
	      to appear. (Meanwhile, the first and second PLASMA-
	      ENERGY OBJECTS are moving off into the distance in 
	      different direction.)

	                              McCOY
	                My God! They're the same kind
	                of things that destroyed the
	                Klingons, Epsilon Nine...


	                        (interrupting; from
	                         science console)
	                These read as identical composition...
	                        
	                ... however, Captain, they measure
	                several hundred times more
	                powerful!


	                High mag, Mr. Sulu!

	      Sulu adjusts the viewer through several IMAGE MAGNI-
	      FICATIONS until we SEE the huge OMINOUS GREEN DEVICES
	      more clearly.


	                The third one is moving off too --
	                a fourth one is forming...


	                        
	                 signal from Starfleet,
	                Captain!
	                        
	                 Earth defense systems have
	                gone dead.

	      Kirk reacts hard at this. Uhura gets another message.


	                         
	                Sir, Starfleet computes their
	                trajectories as moving toward
	                equidistant positions over Earth.



	      exchanging significant glances.


	                From four equidistant positions,
	                Captain, a detonation would blanket
	                the entire surface of the planet.


	                I plot them as reaching equidistant
	                positions in... twenty-nine
	                minutes, sir... mark!



	      as Kirk vaults from his chair, strides to a handrail to
	      confront the "Ilia"-probe.


	                ...?!


	                The carbon-units infection will
	                now be removed from the Creator's
	                planet.


	                ?!


	                The Creator has not answered.


	                The carbon-units are not
	                responsible for that.


	                You infest and control Enterprise.
	                V'ger believes carbon-units interfere
	                with the Creator in the same manner.


	                        
	                Then V'ger believes the Creator to
	                be a  too.


	                       
	                It seems we  imagine God in our
	                own image.



	      Three of the four OMINOUS SWIRLING GREEN OBJECTS have
	      all moved away from V'ger now, in different directions,
	      growing smaller in the distance. The  object is
	      holding position nearby, seeming to grow in size and
	      intensity.



	      as he throws a look toward Spock who is now in deep
	      meditation. Kirk turns and takes "Ilia's" shoulders
	      and carefully turns her to face him.

	                              McCOY
	                '... similar life forms...?'
	                Jim, V'ger's saying the Creator
	                is a ...!


	                        
	                Of course: we all create God
	                in our own image.

	      Kirk peers at Decker a moment, ingesting this thought. 
	      Then he addresses "Ilia" again, this time with emotion: 
	      after all, he is pleading for the survival of the 
	      entire planet:


	                V'ger! If we are lesser beings,
	                we are still, like you, living.
	                And because we are alive, we --
	                like you -- wish to survive.
	                You must not destroy --

	      Kirk pauses abruptly: "Ilia" is regarding him blandly,
	      stonily -- not the slightest reaction or response;
	      clearly Kirk's plea is being ignored.
	      Kirk draws in his breath to continue, realizes the
	      futility, turns helplessly to Spock.



	      who has been listening intently, with near fascination
	      -- an idea forming in his mind. Quickly, he steps
	      down to Kirk:


	                        
	                Captain...
	                        
	                Treat V'ger as you would... a
	                .



	       startled at this, not sure he's heard correctly.


	                Child...!?


	                Yes, Captain, a child: evolving
	                into adulthood -- learning, searching
	                -- instinctively needing.


	                        
	                Needing ...?

	                              McCOY
	                Spock, this 'child' is about
	                to eliminate all life on Earth;
	                how do we teach it that that's
	                'wrong'? With a ...!?

	      Spock peers at McCoy almost sadly, then replies to
	      Decker.


	                It doesn't know what it needs,
	                Comm          ander...
	                        
	                It does not know.

	      Kirk says nothing, looks at Spock who is awaiting a
	      reaction; then Kirk glances at "Ilia" -- his brain
	      is racing, struggling to reach a decision. And then:


	                        (abruptly to
	                         "Ilia")
	                The carbon--units-know-why-the
	                Creator-has-not-responded.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Jim...!


	                        (to "Ilia,"
	                         urgingly)
	                Ilia... we can  V'ger
	                find what it needs --

	      "Ilia" studies Decker just a bland beat, then turns
	      to Kirk:


	                        
	                Disclose the information.


	                        
	                Not until V'ger withdraws the
	                devices orbiting the third planet.





	      Kirk studies her a moment, then decides to press his
	      bet:


	                        (to "Ilia," almost
	                         pleasant)
	                No.
	                        (then to crew
	                         commandingly)
	                Secure all stations. Clear
	                the bridge.

	      A moment where all are startled at this order -- but
	      no time for questions as just then the ship is ROCKED
	      BY A FURIOUS POWERFUL ERUPTION NEARBY within V'ger.


	                        
	                Bridge to all decks,secure
	                your stations.

	                              McCOY
	                Your child is having a
	                tantrum, Spock.


	                Clear the bridge, Captain...?


	                That was the order, Mr. Sulu:
	                Clear the bridge.

	      Just then another ERUPTION -- the ship is ROCKED AGAIN.



	      rocked about by the furious powerfields -- with
	      frightening displays of ray energy.



	      as all react to the powerful blasts, holding on to 
	      railings, etc, at the same time attempting to secure
	      their stations for the evacuation. The DAMAGE REPAIR
	      TECHNICIAN leaves his station, crossing to exit.


	                        (leaving bridge;
	                         to Captain)
	                Severe stress on engine pylons,
	                sir.


	                        
	                V'ger requires the information.

	      Kirk merely looks at her, then to the evacuating crew:


	                Bridge secure all stations! 
	                Move out!

	                              McCOY
	                Jim, what the hell kind of
	                strategy is ...?

	      Meanwhile, Decker has crossed to Chekov's now abandoned
	      console, checks it.


	                All ship's functions going to
	                automatic, Captain.



	      turning to confront "Ilia":


	                If V'ger destroys the Enterprise,
	                the information V'ger requires
	                will also be destroyed.



	      as LIGHT SHOW outside perceptically recedes, and simul-
	      taneously the ROCKING CEASES. At the same time, "Ilia"
	      is saying:


	                It is illogical to withhold
	                required information.

	      Kirk does not reply to this, turns away to observe
	      the withdrawing crew. Most are out; only Spock,
	      Decker and McCoy remain behind -- with McCoy on his 
	      way. The bridge lighting , and now Kirk looks at
	      Spock, who nods approvingly; clearly Spock is the only
	      person who seems to comprehend what Kirk is doing, and
	      why. As Kirk now moves toward the exit, and the lights 
	      are dimmed even further:


	                        
	                Kirk-unit,  do you not
	                disclose information?


	                Because V'ger is going to
	                destroy all the carbon units
	                on the third planet.


	                They have repressed the Creator.


	                The information will not be
	                disclosed.

	      And, gesturing the others ahead of him, Kirk starts
	      toward the bridge elevator. "Ilia" calls after him:


	                        
	                V'ger  the information.



	      Decker and McCoy about to enter, Spock and Kirk just
	      behind -- all stopping abruptly now at "Ilia's" state-
	      ment. The very tone of her voice is enough for them
	      to realize they have made a very telling point. Kirk
	      follows fast:


	                Then V'ger must withdraw its
	                orbiting devices.


	                V'ger will comply if the carbon
	                units disclose the information.

	341   ANGLE ON McCOY                                             341

	      wryly reacting to this:

	                              McCOY
	                It learns fast, doesn't it...?

	342   ACROSS McCOY TO KIRK AND SPOCK                             342 

	      as Kirk looks at Spock, Kirk's whole expression convey-
	      ing the obvious question: "What the hell do we do now?"
	      But Spock is ready with an answer:


	                Captain, the vessel -- V'ger --
	                obviously operates from a
	                central brain complex...

	      Spock allows the sentence to hang, as he and Kirk
	      eye each other significantly, the CAMERA SWINGING
	      OVER TO KIRK so we can perceive that to Kirk this
	      idea has an even greater significance.


	                        
	                The orbiting devices would be
	                controlled from the point,
	                then...?


	                Precisely.

	      Kirk nods grimly, faces "Ilia" again; this time 
	      he's playing for all the stakes.


	                The carbon units' information
	                cannot be disclosed to V'ger's
	                probe... only to V'ger directly.



	      all wait with hushed expectancy, all eyes on "Ilia"
	      who seems momentarily in some internal communication.

	      She turns away from Kirk and steps forward looking at
	      the Main Viewer.

	                              McCOY
	                        (indicating
	                         viewer)
	                Jim...!



	      the image of the chamber in which the Enterprise is
	      imprisoned. But now, toward the chamber-end, where
	      further passage had previously been barred by the lace-
	      work energy barriers -- an OPENING APPEARS. And at
	      the same time there is a GENTLE LURCHING EFFECT, and:


	                Forward motion, Captain...!


	                A tractor beam...

	      "Ilia" steps down from the platform and into the well
	      where she is closer to the viewer.


	                Captain, what's the next move?


	                The question is, Mr. Decker, 
	                there a next move...



	      moving through the chamber, pulled by the invisible
	      tractor beam, toward the OPENING -- toward the next
	      chamber which, from this POV seems even larger,
	      more forbidding.



	      as the four officers step down onto the bridge, Spock
	      hurrying to his science station, Kirk to the center
	      seat.


	                Resume duty stations, Mr. Decker.

	      As Kirk attends to his console, Deck is at an
	      intercom:


	                        (into intercom,
	                         voice amplified)
	                All personnel resume stations...!

	      At the same time the lights are brightening -- and
	      members of the bridge crew begin returning. All this
	      time there is an ever increasing sense of movement.
	      Kirk glances at Decker:


	                Well, Mr. Decker, it seems my
	                bluff is being called.


	                I'm afraid our hand is pretty
	                weak, Captain.
	                        
	                But it's the only game in town.

	      Kirk reacts, pleased, a split beat at Decker's "our"
	      hand, and goes on:

	      Kirk throws him a look of appreciation, then, abruptly
	      his manner changes as he addresses Chekov:


	                Mr. Chekov, when do those devices
	                activate?


	                They reach final position in...
	                Twenty-seven minutes -- mark.


	                        (a beat; then into
	                         intercom)
	                Engineering...



	      at his console, a female engineering technician (CHIEF
	      ROSS) nearby, the usual engine room ambience in the
	      b.g., as:


	                Scott, here, sir.



	      as Kirk hesitates, glances around at the crew -- now
	      all having resumed their stations -- and then grimly
	      looks at "Ilia" who still remains at the rail.


	                        (into intercom,
	                         eyes on "Ilia")
	                Mr. Scott, be prepared to execute
	                Starfleet order two zero zero
	                five.

	      Hearing this, Spock whirls around -- peers incredulously
	      at Kirk. He appears for a moment to be incensed at
	      Kirk's words. Then he realizes and understands Kirk's
	      position and turns, sadly resigned, back to his work.



	      as Scott, too, hears this, but his reaction is of grim
	      acceptance. Not so Chief Ross; she is horrified.


	                        (with a glance at
	                         Ross, into intercom)
	                When, Captain?


	                On my command.


	                        (somberly, into
	                         intercom)
	                Aye, sir.

	      And Scott hits buttons on his console, now moves to
	      step from his station, nearly collides with Ross, who
	      clearly is bravely struggling to maintain her poise
	      and dignity:


	                Why has the Captain ordered self-
	                destruct, sir?


	                        
	                I would say, lass, because he
	                thinks -- he hopes -- that when
	                we go up... we'll take V'ger
	                with us.


	                Will we?


	                        (with grim
	                         satisfaction)
	                When that much matter and anti-
	                matter are brought together?
	                Oh, yes; we will, indeed.



	      The ship passing now through a chamber that is vastly
	      more active than anything we have previously seen.
	      Directly ahead appears to be an area that dispatches
	      powerfields; a tremendous volume of them seem to ema-
	      nate and converge there. The medium from which the
	      ship moves appears almost solid, to the point where it
	      seems incredible that the ship can be pulled through
	      it at all. The entire chamber pulses with machine-
	      like, alien life. This should even be evidenced in the
	      booming POWERFIELD LIGHTENING BOLTS as they course in
	      ever more frighteningly close proximity to the ship as:



	      The crew all watching the awesome spectacle of V'ger's
	      interior  as the Enterprise is being
	      pulled toward the brain complex. All are somewhat sub-
	      dued, for all realize how their journey will end -- but
	      at the same time they also realize there is no other
	      way. The CAMERA PANS, catching facial reactions -- as,
	      in the b.g., we HEAR a constant flow of AD-LIBBED crew
	      comments:


	                Twenty-five minutes to device
	                activation, sir.

	. 
	. 


	                Starfleet has been apprised of 
	                our situation, Captain.


	                Tractor beam remains constant...


	                We are seventeen kilometers inside
	                the vessel...



	      His back to the viewer, the angle does not reveal his
	      facial features, but we can discern him struggling to
	      contain his feelings.

	352   WIDER ANGLE               352

	      Kirk's back to Spock as he watches the viewer, Kirk
	      now turning toward Spock.


	                Spock... Spock...

	      Spock does not respond, then Kirk reacts with momentary
	      annoyance, then realizes Spock is totally distracted.
	      Kirk peers at him a moment, then suddenly rises and
	      steps up to:

	353   SPOCK'S STATION - KIRK AND SPOCK            353

	      as Kirk arrives, with Spock still facing away from
	      him, clearly distracted.


	                        
	                Mr. Spock -- I think...

	      Spock moves to face him, turning fully INTO the CAMERA
	      so we can see now, just under Spock's eye:

	      A ! Welling fom the eye, rolling down his cheek.
	      Kirk is speechless a moment, glances at McCoy who has
	      also witnessed this phenomenon, and started toward
	      Spock; but Kirk gestures McCoy to stay back, as he
	      addresses Spock:


	                        
	                Not for us?


	                No, Captain, not for us... for V'ger.

	      Spock pauses as Kirk peers incredulously at him, then
	      continues:


	                        
	                I weep for V'ger, as I would for
	                a brother -- far more knowledgeable
	                than I -- and yet one step behind.

	354   ANGLE ON McCOY AND DECKER                                  354

	      Listening, McCoy's face reflecting concern; Decker's
	      face compassion and understanding, with Decker step-
	      ping closer to Spock, as Spock continues:


	                As I was -- when I came aboard...
	                so is V'ger now: empty, incomplete.
	                Searching. Logic and knowledge are
	                not enough.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                Spock, are you saying that you
	                found, what you needed -- but V'ger
	                hasn't?


	                Has not, Doctor -- and now, because
	                of what we are planning... will not...


	                        
	                There is no alternative.


	                        
	                Mr. Spock, what would V'ger need
	                to fulfill itself?


	                V'ger has begun to understand the
	                true limits of our universe,
	                thereby realizing the existence
	                of other dimensions. To fulfill
	                itself it must evolve to a
	                higher dimension; V'ger believes
	                this can be achieved only by
	                joining with the Creator.


	                Each of us, at some time in our
	                life, turns to someone, a father,
	                a brother, a God and asks 'Why
	                am I here?' 'What was I meant
	                to be?' V'ger hopes to touch its
	                Creator to find its answers.



	      as Decker reacts with sudden, almost evangelical en-
	      lightenment, as Kirk Says:


	                        
	                'Is this all that I am? Is there
	                nothing more?



	      reacting to the  viewer, AD-LIBBING a terse:


	                Captain...!



	      where another opening is suddenly visible -- another
	      . But the violent and color energy effects of
	      the previous chambers are no longer evident. Instead,
	      the entire chamber appears beautifully symmetrical,
	      with a strange, subdued glow, which increases as we
	      move closer.


	                        
	                Captain, I believe that is our
	                destination.




	      This enormous chamber resembles a hemisphere, laced
	      throughout with dazzling energy patterns, not at all
	      ominous, but quite lovely in effect. As the Enterprise
	      continues forward motion, now ahead you will to SEE a
	      small "island." Floating in the exact center of the
	      hemisphere, the "island" seems alive with PULSING LIGHT,
	      with more of the lovely and delicate ENERGY FORMS and
	      COLORS. On the "island," vague at this distance, ap
	      pears to be a "solid" matter form.



	      The "island" looming larger in the distance. And the
	      Enterprise  perceptibly
	      . Kirk just resuming his command chair, as:


	                Forward motion slowing, Captain...!

	      Kirk says nothing a moment, studies the viewer -- and
	      then:


	                        
	                Engineering... Status, Mr. Scott?


	                        
	                We're ready, sir.


	                        
	                Thank you, Scotty. Stand by.

	358   ACROSS KIRK TO McCOY                                       358

	      as Kirk turns from the intercom and glances at McCoy.
	      Between them a total look of understanding.



	      The Enterprise approaching the edge of the "island" --
	      slowing, but still quite clearly being pulled by the
	      tractor beam. The "solid matter" in the "island" cen-
	      ter still obscured by the STRANGE LIGHT GLOW emanating
	      from that area. The Enterprise is now nearly at the
	      "island" edge.



	      as all watching "island" loom closer and closer.


	                Tractor beam strength lessening,
	                Captain.


	                        
	                Mr. Scott... on my next signal.


	                        
	                Captain, the orbital device will     
	                not be triggered for twenty-two      
	                minutes...                           


	                The point...
	                


	                        (eying "Ilia";
	                         carefully)
	                The point is, Captain, . 

should
	                . We could have that much      loop "19" &amp;
	                more time...                                 "15")

	      Kirk glances at the Viewer, the oncoming "island," then
	      at Spock:


	                        
	, if we do not provide
	    V'ger with certain information, we
	                won't have twenty-two ; the
	                plan must be implemented upon arrival.


	                Captain, we can't be sure that our...
	                move... will actually save Earth.


	                No!

	      Decker's last word is interrupted by an almost gentle
	      BUMP -- and on the Viewer all perceptible motion has
	      . At the same time:


	                Forward motion stopped, Captain.


	                Tractor beam is released.



	      The ship's sauce leading edge holding position at
	      the "island" edge as though docked.



	      watching the  Viewer.


	                       
	                V'ger...



	      all very silent a moment, gazing at the sight. Now
	      Kirk glances at the people around him: on his command
	      their lives are about to end. Nothing is said; no
	      time for it, no inclination to articulate the obvious.
	      No need to.


	                        (into intercom:
	                         with finality)
	                Mr. Scott...



	      reacting to a console reading with surprise.


	                Captain... I read an oxygen and
	                gravity envelope forming outside
	                the Enterprise...!


	                Sir, I have located the source
	                of V'ger's radio signal: 
	                directly ahead.


	                That transmitter is a vital link
	                between V'ger and the Creator.
	                        


	                        
	    We have twenty-one minutes. Captain,
	    we can still save V'ger... and ourselves. 

	      All this has caused Kirk to vacillate, but he still
	      believes his course of action is the proper one, as:-


	                The carbon units will now provide 
	                V'ger the required information.

	      "Ilia" is moving toward the elevator, turning to face
	      the others as she says this. Kirk remains frozen, his
	      hand on the intercom button. He glances at McCoy, as
	      though seeking advice. McCoy peers at him blandly,
	      levelly; Kirk must follow his own instinct.



	      gazing at "Ilia," then at Spock, his brain racing, con-
	      sidering all the possibilities, options. He glances
	      at the anxious faces awaiting his decision: a possible
	      twenty-two more minutes of life -- or instant death.
	      Another beat as he decides. Then:


	                        
	                Mr. Scott... we're holding off;
	                there may be a chance...
	                        (rises, gestures
	                         Spock and McCoy)
	                Spock, Bones...

	      He starts for elevator.



	      as Kirk strides toward the elevator, joining McCoy and
	      Spock.


	                Mr. Decker... I will contact you
	                every five minutes. Otherwise...
	                inform Mr. Scott immediately.


	                        
	                Captain... I'd like to go along...

	      Kirk studies Decker a beat -- there is something com-
	      pelling about Decker's manner -- a certain sense of
	      absolute necessity. Kirk seems about to deny the re-
	      quest, then turns to Sulu:


	                Mr. Sulu, you have the conn...

	      And Kirk leaves; Decker, his face reflecting a strange,
	      almost eager gratification, hurries after him.


	                V'ger plans to literally 
	                to reduce both itself and the
	                Creator to patterns...


	                ... and then to reassemble itself
	                 with the Creator. The
	                most certain way of obtaining
	                all the Creator's answers.

	      A sudden STORM OF LIGHT AND STRANGE SOUND. In the
	      midst of it, Kirk finds a SHAFT OF LIGHT very much
	      centering on him. He sees "Ilia" watching him with
	      none of their "former navigator" in her expression
	      now. Kirk hesitates, gathering his thoughts:


	                        
	                Our data is being prepared.


	                !


	                We will answer and present 
	                of our answer when it is ready!

	      Kirk's words lead to a suggestion of FRUSTRATION in the
	      STORM OF LIGHT AND SOUND around them.


	                        
	                , we will bring the Creator
	                to you! !



	      as he moves to her:


	                We need only a few more minutes.
	                 me...

	      Decker has reached out to touch her -- the probe spins
	      at his touch -- the move knocks Decker from his feet,
	      tumbling, a hard fall. Then the robe looks at him
	      lying there -- just the slightest softening of her
	      features now.



	      slowly turning to face the probe again.


	                Ilia, believe me... the Creator
	                will appear!



	      as she meets Decker's look, her expression softening
	      still more. The STORM OF LIGHT and SOUND begins to
	      subside a bit. She moves to him and he gets to his feet.


	                Enterprise to Captain...



	      Uhura with Sulu and Chekov there.


	                Problem, Captain: the response
	                signal is not in our records.
	                Voyager Six was sent out by Earth's
	                "United States Subdivision.' The
	                code was probably...



	      as Uhura continues:


	                ... kept secret to keep Voyager's
	                data from rival subdivisions.

	                              McCOY
	                That's preposterous! They
	                wouldn't have kept 
	                data from one another.


	                We are now checking with Starfleet
	                Archives, Captain. Stand by.



	      Kirk, Spock and McCoy are standing some distance from
	      them . The probe is clearly moving
	      into still closer touch with Lt. Ilia's memory patterns
	      as Decker takes her hand.


	                And when V'ger melds? What will
	                happen to you?


	                It will... take me from ...

	373   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY                                      373

	      McCoy is looking at Kirk with an incredulous expression
	      on his face.

	                              McCOY
	                And when it realizes what the
	                Creator is...?


	                There's no way to know. V'ger
	                expected it to be a machine --
	                some single entity.
	                        (indicates entire
	                         site)
	                All of us here may be reduced
	                into patterns...


	                That seems to be what it has
	                planned -- to have the Creator
	                physically present here.

	                              McCOY
	                        
	                The God it captures is going to
	                be a hell of a disappointment.



	      at the side of Voyager Six, Decker in the midst of
	      twisting a wing-nut which releases a hatch which swings
	      open. Decker peers inside while "Ilia" waits.

	375   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY                                      375

	      Decker and "Ilia" at the old capsule in b.g. as Kirk
	      looks that way.


	                Commander...

	      We SEE Decker look up at Kirk's call, then ignore him
	      and go back to inspecting inside the access hatch. At
	      this moment, from Kirk's communicator, a SIGNAL.


	                        (continuing;
	                         into communicator)
	                Kirk here.


	                We now have the response code,
	                sir.


	                Stand by. Transmit it on my
	                orders.

	      The three of them exchange looks -- Kirk, Spock and
	      McCoy exchanging a silent moment of friendship and
	      resignation. Then Kirk lifts his communicator again:


	                        
	                Enterprise... .



	      catching Decker in the midst of pressing a control on
	      his tricorder. Both he and "Ilia" are watching Kirk
	      and the others closely. Now Decker looks down at the
	      tricorder's face. He nods:


	                Recording...

	377   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY                                      377

	      still waiting. They continue to wait. McCoy shifts
	      uncomfortably, throws Kirk a puzzled glance. Kirk
	      finally lifts his communicator.


	                Enterprise, are you transmitting?


	                Affirmative, Captain. For some
	                time now.


	                Confirm code and transmitting
	                frequency.


	                Both signal and frequency
	                confirmed, sir.


	                        
	                Captain Kirk!



	      as the others turn to Decker and "Ilia."


	                        
	                The fault is here, sir, not in
	                the transmission.
	                        (indicating into
	                         hatch)
	                The antenna leads have been
	                disconnected. V'ger never
	                intended to accept a transmitted
	                signal.


	                Capture God! In order to
	                retrieve V'ger's data, the
	                Creator has to physically come
	                here!...


	                And plug the signal directly into
	                the circuitry at this...
	                        (indicates into
	                         access)
	                ... point here, Captain. It
	                should pick up even a tricorder
	                playback.


	                        
	                Enterprise, I want that signal
	                again. Transmit!

	      Then Kirk touches a control on his tricorder exactly
	      as Decker did earlier. Then he looks up, reacts as
	      he sees Decker holding his own tricorder up -- and a
	      smile playing on Decker's face.



	      as Kirk suddenly pivots, races toward Decker -- but he
	      passes too close to the "Ilia"-probe. It sends him
	      spinning back, tumbling to his knees.



	      as KIRK starts up to scramble to his feet but Spock has
	      stepped in, putting a hand on Kirk's shoulder and re
	      straining him.


	                Jim... he  it.


	                You got the Enterprise, it's
	                what  wanted. This is what
	                I want.
	                              
	                But, Jim...
	                              
	                ...  the right choice for this
	                mission.

	      And then Decker shoves the tricorder into the access
	      hatch.




	      For just an instant nothing happens -- and then a 
	      BLINDING SHAFT OF LIGHT STRIKES Decker. The color
	      becomes BRIGHTER AND BRIGHTER, begins spiraling through
	      the room. "Ilia" stes toward Decker, is caught in the
	      LIGHT, and instantly VANISHES in a BRILLIANT WHITE GLOW.

	      We SEE Decker seeming to grow larger -- as if his
	      molecular pattern is expanding. A SPECTACULAR SERIES
	      OF VISUALS., THE SPIRALING LIGHT enveloping the entire
	      area.

	      All this emanating from Decker's body, becoming LARGER
	      -- also BRIGHTER AND BRIGHTER until now it is almost
	      . And the SPIRALING now expanding in all
	      directions, and the room itself starting to ,
	      vanishing into nothingness -- and all commencing to
	      slip into the new dimension.

	      Kirk, Spock and McCoy stand transfixed another instant.
	      Around them, V'ger seems to be TRANSFORMING INTO BRIL-
	      LIANT, LOVELY PATTERNS. They all turn and race into
	      the complex in the direction of their vessel.



	      It too seems to be flowering into loveliness, brilliant,
	      graceful patterns as they seem to slip through to another 
	      dimension, vanishing.



	      The "FLOWERING" EFFECT now spreading outward, V'ger's
	      massive shape becoming a spiraling pattern of twisting,
	      graceful shapes and brilliant colors -- a transcendence
	      into another dimension.
	      And then all of that is left is a shimmering, jewel-like
	      point of light -- and then it too fades -- and reveals
	      there in the blue-black of space, the U.S.S. Enterprise.



	      which shows now only space and its familiar star
	      patterns. All gaze at the viewer, awed at what they've
	      seen and undergone. They exchange looks silently, no
	      one wanting to be the first to try to comment on some-
	      thing which is beyond mere words. We HEAR an ELEVATOR
	      DOOR, Scott and Chapel ENTER the bridge and stand 
	      silently watching.

	                              McCOY
	                Well, it certainly has been...
	                interesting.


	                Spock, we  its answer!


	                        
	                Yes, Captain. It needed our
	                mortality, the fear of it, our
	                struggle against it, our fears,
	                our dreams...


	                ... and the 'foolish' emotions
	                which drive us?


	                        
	                I prefer your poet Dante's phrase
	                -- 'the divine restlessness of
	                the human spirit.'

	                              McCOY
	                Spock... you're quoting poetry?

	      Spock's cold look at McCoy is interrupted by:


	                Starfleet signal, Captain!
	                Return to orbital dockyard for
	                inspection.


	                Ignore that signal.
	                        
	                Shall we give the Enterprise a
	                proper shakedown, Mr. Scott?


	                        
	                I'd say it's time for that, I
	                would, sir.
	                        
	                We can have you back on Vulcan
	                in four days, Mr. Spock.


	                        
	                I have no business on Vulcan,
	                Engineer.

	      Kirk and Spock exchange a look -- then Kirk turns to
	      the helm.


	                Ahead Warp One, Mr. Sulu.


	                Heading, sir?


	                        (taking center seat;
	                         indicates generally)
	                Out there.  Thataway.


	                        
	                A most logical choice, Captain.

	      Then the trace of a smile comes over Spock's face.



	      Planet Earth in the distance, and receding in size as
	      the starship heads out the other direction.



	                              


