        







                                 Written by

                                 Peter Weir



                      Inspired by the book "The Long Walk"

                               by Slavomir Rawicz




                     Shooting Draft: Sofia, January 2009                  

                         



          A slow, steady, downward view. The camera seemingly
          floats as the curve of the globe passes beneath.
          Beginning in the green jungles of Sikkim in Northern
          India it crosses the Himalayas, down into Tibet and
          beyond to China - the zigzag line of the Great Wall
          clearly visible. Then the Gobi desert is flowing
          beneath, and as the light begins to fade, Mongolia gives
          way to the Russian Steppe, and as dusk turns to night we
          are over Siberia - gliding North over Lake Baikal, and
          onward across forested hills and valleys. A sense of
          utter remoteness in this silent landscape. Then a tiny
          shaved patch within the primeval forest - a bald
          rectangle of ground, crisscrossed by faint probing
          lights. The camera slows, and hovers.



          Out of the blackness, the momentary glimpse of a barbed
          wire fence, lit by the combing fingers of a searchlight.
          Another angle, and the silhouette of distant timber
          buildings is briefly etched, before the light passes and
          all is again in darkness. Closer, on a canvas-sided
           barrack building - ghostly shadows projected on the wall. 





           A long rectangular building, the walls lined with two
           tiered bunks of rough-hewn logs. In the centre - a metal
           stove with a chimney stretching out through the roof. A
          dim central bulb illuminates some 150 men, aged from 16 
          to 60, most sitting or lying on their bunks. Some wear
          scraps of army uniform, or civilian clothing, others in
          prison issued padded jackets. Some, from the Asian
          territories, still ear something of their national 
          costume. Included among them are groups of foreigners
          from recently occupied countries and a Babel of languages
          drifts through the fetid air. It's a wide ranging mix of
          types, of race, of class. They're miserable, starving
          and ill. There is no camp camaraderie and they eye each
          other with indifference or suspicion. Most of these men
          are political prisoners, known as 'Politicals' or
          'S8ers', after the section of the Soviet Penal Code that
          has put them here.
          Near the stove, and contrasted with the 'Politicals', a
          group are gathered about a card game on a lower bunk.
          These men look healthier, and are further distinguished
          by their tattoos.



                         

                         

                         

                         



          These are the URKI, some dozen of them, regular
          criminals, and from their manner the undisputed masters
          of the block.
          Sitting facing each other - VALKA, thirties, heavily
          tattooed, flash of a steel-caped tooth. His opponent,
          BOHDAN, older, and the 'Pakhan', the 'boss' of this
          criminal gang. Bohdan shuffles a deck of home-made
          cards.
          [All DIALOGUE IN THE CAMP IS IN RUSSIAN, SUB-TITLED,






          What've you got?
          VALKA removes his coat, passes it to BOHDAN who examines
          it briefly.


          Think I want your stinking lice
          farm?


          Polish tailor.
          He shows the label.


          See? From Krakov. Good as new.
          BOHDAN nods to his minder who opens a battered wooden
          suitcase - a glimpse of hoarded food. The minder puts
          his hand on a lump of bread lying beside a length of
          sausage. BOHDAN nods. The bread is placed beside the
          coat.


          And the sausage.
          BOHDAN stares at him, shakes his head, 'no'.


          Bohdan, you're a dog's prick, I
          swear. I hope you die with an axe
          in your skull, and your balls
          ripped out.
          The swearing is more or less a ritual and provokes no
          reaction.


          OK. For the bread.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          BOHDAN shuffles and deals. He separates his cards with
          the long fingernail of his little finger. In a few rapid 
          plays, VALKA is left coat-less. 
          Apart from the half-dozen thugs surrounding the players,
          the game is watched by two 'Politicals', who have just
          entered with a load of wood for the stove. The elder,
          SMITH, a hard-face man in his late forties, the other
          ANDREI, early twenties. VALKA signals to YURI who takes
          three 'tailor-made' cigarettes from his pocket, passes
          them carefully to VALKA who lays them before BOHDAN.


          For the bread.


          For the bread, and the sausage, 
          bastard! 
          BOHDAN enjoying himself. 


          Throw in that crappy shirt you're 
          wearing and I might be tempted. 
          Smiles from the gang. VALKA knows he's being mocked but
          he's desperate. His eyes flick down to the sausage.
          Then he takes off his shirt. He sits bare-chested, a
          tattooed portrait of LENIN on his left breast looking
          across at STALIN on his right. BOHDAN deals, and again
          VALKA loses.
           VALKA's mate YURI places a padded prison jacket over his 
           bony shoulders, which he shrugs off irritably, then 
          offers to BOHDAN. 


           I don't play for regulation issue
           crap.
          VALKA lights a cigarette. 


           All done, Valka? 
           VALKA tries to conceal his mounting tension behind a veil 
          of cool. 


           I go on credit. 


           'Credit'? 



                         

                         

                         

                         





          VALKA nervously fingers an aluminium crucifix hanging by
          a cord from his neck. Etched on the cross a naked woman.


          You're already in debt.
          VALKA's anxious eyes. They settle on SMITH by the stove.
          He speaks in carefully articulated English.


          Come here.
          SMITH returns the stare, then slowly approaches.


          Take off your coat.
          A silence, the criminal gang sensing a showdown. There's
          something about SMITH, something steely, unpredictable.
          The fire crackles loudly. SMITH all the while holding
          VALKA's stare.




          Worth shit!
          He looks at SMITH's companion.


          You.
          ANDREI goes pale, removes his coat to reveal a decent-
          looking patterned wool sweater. He offers the coat.


          Let's have the sweater.


          Take the coat.


          I want the sweater.
          ANDREI doesn't move.


          Your babushka make it for you?
          Come on, hand it over.

                          
          ANDREI is visibly shaking.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          You have no authority, here.
          VALKA gets up, moves slowly to ANDREI, a smile on his
          lips. Then he casually reaches down as if to tuck his
          trousers deeper into his boots, reaches for something,
          and in one slow balletic movement, swings up and
          stretches out his hand to ANDREI, and ANDREI sobs and
          leans to one side.


          Was that really necessary?
          In the dim light ANDREI's face is grey as he sags to the
          floor. None of the other prisoners move to help him, nor
          do they show any sign of concern, as VALKA places the
          knife back in his boot and returns to the game. YURI
          steps forward and strips the sweater from the dead man,
          handing it on to VALKA, who passes it to BOHDAN. BOHDAN
          examines it professionally, wipes a little blood off his
          hands.


          OK. For the sausage.
          The game resumes.







          Freshly dug graves. Close on one of these, stones piled
          in a mound over the grave. Hands into frame moving aside
          the stones. Wider to see two PRISONERS, breath steaming
          from their mouths, as they work quickly and quietly to
          uncover the grave. The older of the two is KHABAROV,
          late thirties, the other, LAZAR, late twenties. Furtive
          looks over their shoulders as an occasional blade of
          light from the watchtower throws them into silhouette.


          Here he is.
          He reaches out to touch a human toe poking out of the
          rocks.
          As they work -
          Close on the face of ANDREI, as they continue to uncover
          his body.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          He's not frozen yet, that's lucky.
          The remaining stones are removed to find the corpse
          dressed in nothing but underwear.


          Damn! Picked clean! Bloody
          thieves.


          Keep your voice down, be grateful
          there's anything left.
          They reach into the grave to retrieve the underwear.




           LAZAR's hands in water, some kind of tin sink, water
           running red as the underwear is rinsed clean of blood.



           A Soviet guard beats a hammer against a hanging length of
          iron.



          Close on the barrack stove, the underwear drying,
          KHABAROV's hands into the frame.
          As the prisoners rise, follow a hand to hand exchange of
          the set of underwear for a hank of tobacco. KHABAROV
          having done the deal splits the tobacco with LAZAR.
          Moving quickly to complete a second deal, KHABAROV swaps
          half his share of the tobacco with another prisoner for
          two slices of bread. He waits until the last of the
          men leave then he carefully breaks off a corner from one
          piece of bread, concealing the rest in a hiding place in
          the dirt at the base of his bunk - a glimpse of a cache
          of hoarded food and other items.


                         

                         

                         

                         



          The saved morsel he places on his tongue, and closes his
          eyes. He doesn't chew, just lets it dissolve like the
          Eucharist. Then it's gone in a slow swallow and he opens
          his eyes. He can hear a guard shouting outside, but he
          hesitates, carefully licking his fingers. He stares at
          his hand. Close on a spot between his fingers - there's
          a crumb there. Into frame, the tip of his tongue as it
          slowly and carefully retrieves the tiny speck of bread.



          The camp seen in a distant view - surrounded by double
          wire, a collection of weathered timber buildings with
          watchtowers placed at regular intervals along the
          perimeter. In the distance, dense forest.
          Entering frame a column of close to a hundred men march
          toward the camp. Following behind is a lorry, carrying
          six guards, supplies for their recent journey, and a camp
          stove.



          As they approach one of the prisoners looks up to an arch
          stretching across the gates - a hand-painted sign in
          Russian subtitled: 'LABOR IS HONOR, GLORY, NOBILITY, AND


          The prisoner is JANUSZ, early twenties and he exchanges a
          look with the man beside him, TOMASZ, about the same age. 
          ANOTHER ANGLE shows a line of prisoners, five abreast,
          marching toward them on their way to work. They have
          their attendant guards and dogs and as the two columns
          pass each other the contrast between the half-starved,
          ill looking 'old' prisoners and the comparative health of
          the 'new', could not be more apparent - 'Is this what we
          are to become?' on the faces of the 'new'. We glimpse
          some of those already established - they include BOHDAN,
          and VALKA, and further back - SMITH and KHABAROV. As
          they pass they look across to JANUSZ and TOMASZ, both
          Polish, and behind them to VOSS, a tall young Latvian
          with a mop of white-blonde hair. Behind VOSS - ZORAN, a
          blanket over his three-piece suit. Beside him, another
          Pole - KAZIK, at seventeen, the youngest in the group.



          The newly arrived prisoners assemble between the various
          buildings - an area known as the 'ZONE'.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  8.


          The camp is being expanded, and everywhere are piles of
          cut timber, coils of wire, and work going on replacing
          old canvas-sided barracks with new timber ones.
          The Spring thaw has turned recently melted snow into
          slush, and duck-boards are hastily laid to allow the
          Commandant to cross to the assembled prisoners. He walks
          with his subordinate and LAZAR who is FOREMAN of the new
          camp construction. LAZAR carries a sheaf of plans, and
          the COMMANDANT stops, studies a drawing, then impatiently
          issues an order dismissing him.
          The COMMANDANT mounts a box, accepting a folder of
          documents from his subordinate, who has in turn received
          them from the escorting guard. The COMMANDANT surveys
          the prisoners before him. He's a man in his fifties with
          a bland but not unintelligent cast to his features.
          He looks up from the collection of documents in his hand.


          Enemies of the People! Look about
          you...and understand... it is not
          our guns, or our dogs, or our
          wire, that forms your prison.
          Siberia is your prison. All four
          million square miles of it. Here
          in Camp 105, you will work hard.
          Work and you eat. Eat and you
          live.
          Close on JANUSZ and his friends.

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  9.





          Later, the newly arrived prisoners exit the wash-house,
          heads and beards shaved. In the background a glimpse of
          others waiting their turn. To one side of the wash-
          house, a pile of their luggage. A couple of guards sort
          through their belongings, pocketing the odd item.
          JANUSZ, VOSS and KAZIK, heads shaved, exit the hut.
          JANUSZ's attention is caught by the men working on
          replacing the old stockade wall with a new double barbed-
          wire fence. The overseer, LAZAR, gives a signal and a
          section of the old wall falls to the ground.



          The prisoners move in a line toward an open window in the
          side of the kitchen building. Here, under the watchful
          eye of the cook - one of BODHAN's men - a single serve of
          thin soup is slopped into their metal bowls. One has no
          bowl, so he uses his hat.
          JANUSZ and his friends shuffle toward the window.
          Their attention is caught by a group of blind prisoners
          feeling their way along the side of the kitchen hut, a
          hand on the shoulder of the man in front.




          Night blindness. Saw it in the
          transit camp.. .vitamin deficiency.
          SMITH, a couple of places ahead in the line, turns on
          hearing English spoken.
          As JANUSZ moves forward he watches several wild-eyed men
          scrambling about in a pile of kitchen slops thrown into
          the mud by the kitchen door. They find here the odd
          scrap of food, or simply soak their fingers in the slime,
          then lick them clean.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  10.


          SMITH, having been served, moves away, retrieving a
          hoarded slice of bread from within his jacket. He dips
          it into the soup, raises it to his mouth when a corner of
          the bread drops to the ground. One of the garbage-
          eaters, dives for it, but SMITH is too quick for him,
          placing a boot over the scrap of bread. JANUSZ watches
          as SMITH picks up the bread, cleans off the dirt and eats
          it, his every move watched by the starving man at his
          feet. JANUSZ offers the remainder of his soup to the man
          who greedily drinks it. SMITH and JANUSZ stare at each
          other.




          Planning to survive on half
          rations, son?
          JANUSZ surprised by the American accented English.




          He's an old man.


          I'm an old man. But I'll be alive
          in the morning. He won't.
          He goes to move away, hesitates, turns back to JANUSZ.


          'Kindness'. That can kill you
          here. You'll learn that.
          He places the last morsel of bread in his mouth, and
          chewing slowly, turns and walks away.




          American.
          JANUSZ turns to find KHABAROV beside him looking at
          SMITH's retreating back.


          American?
          He looks back to SMITH walking away toward the barracks.


          Stalin doesn't like foreigners.
          That includes Poles. You are
          Polish aren't you?
          JANUSZ still staring after SMITH.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  11.




          JANUSZ nods.


          Yes, I am.


          I love you Poles, your burning
          sense of injustice, your yearning
          for freedom.
          .


          Khabarov. Andrei Timofeyevich.
          JANUSZ looks at him - he wears a distinctive coat,
          trimmed with fur - something refined about him,
          'aristocratic' even. He offers his hand, and they shake.


          Weiszczek, Janusz.


          And your 'prayer', may I ask?






          58.10 A spy?


          That's what they told me.


          Ten years?


          Twenty.
          KHABAROV indicates himself.


          58.14. Sabotage, ten years.
          They begin walking toward the distant barrack buildings.


          And you were in the cavalry?
          JANUSZ's suspicions aroused.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  12.






          How could you know that?


          Oh there's that Polish spirit! I
          observe things - your demeanor,
          your, may I say, certain
          'swagger'. 'Cavalryman', that's
          how I'd cast you.
          He leans forward, whispers.


          We've been waiting for you.. .Poor
          Poland, Hitler invades from the
          West.. .World War,. .days later,
          Stalin from the East.
          JANUSZ relaxes, smiles.


          How could we know Russia would
          stab us in the back?


          And you were on the Soviet side of
          the line, and they arrest you, and
          thousands like you. Accuse you of
          spying-And they torture you?
          You signed a 'confession'?


          I wouldn't sign, so they tortured
          someone else.


          Usual tactics - they torture a
          close friend who names you as a
          spy - a neighbor? Your old school
          teacher? A friend?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  13.


          KHABAROV looks into JANUSZ's eyes - a pain beyond
          speaking. KHABAROV tactfully changes the subject.


          I was an actor - moving pictures.
          In my last picture I played an
          aristocrat. They arrested me
          after the film's release.


          Why?


          It was claimed I was elevating the
          status of the old nobility.


          You got ten years for a
          performance in a film?


          I've had better notices.
          And they enter their hut.



          The men sitting or lying on their bunks, a little
          conversation here and there but most have withdrawn into
          themselves, just glad to have survived another day.
          JANUSZ looks about him, KHABAROV still by his side.
          JANUSZ's attention is caught by the tattooed group
          playing cards by the stove. VALKA is playing BOHDAN
          again, his losing streak continuing. KHABAROV speaks
          just above a whisper.


          The 'Urki'.


          Who are they?


          Professional criminals, your
          ordinary run of the mill murderers
          and thieves, don't stare at them.
          The guards let them run things in
          here. They are to be feared.


          Why would they let them 'run
          things'?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/5/09  14.




          They are considered the by-product
          of bourgeoisie society and
          therefore 'Friends of the People'.
          We political prisoners are
          'Enemies of the People'. Russia
          has become one vast prison - slave
          labor. You see even this camp is
          expanding to take in another
          thousand prisoners.
          JANUSZ looks over to a group of Asiatic prisoners.


          From the far reaches of the Soviet
          Empire - all scooped up in the net
          like so many minnows, poor
          creatures.


          And do any ever wriggle out of the
          net?
          KHABAROV considers a moment, then leads him away from the
          surrounding prisoners. He lowers his voice to a whisper.


          You should be more careful.
          Stalin has eyes and ears
          everywhere, even in here.
          He leans closer to JANUSZ.


          In a camp like this you'll be dead
          in a year. If not literally then
          in spirit.


          And how long have you been here?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  15.




          Eleven months and twenty-nine
          days.
          KHABAROV offers his hand.


          Good night, friend.





          In bone-chilling cold the prisoners form up in their
          brigades as a guard begins counting them. JANUSZ looks
          toward a barrack building where the bodies of several men
          who died overnight are being carried out and laid on the
          ground - among them the 'garbage-eater' from the night
           before. JANUSZ glances over toward SMITH who stares
          impassively ahead. GUARD NO. 1 is visible, checking
          paper work at the camp gates.



          Follow a bird as it hops from branch to branch, pausing
          every now and then to listen to the sounds of axes and
          saws drifting from the forest floor.
          JANUSZ and his friends - VOSS, TOMASZ, KAZIK and ZORAN -
          work at trimming felled trees of branches, and then
          sawing them into lengths.
          SMITH and his gang work nearby. He watches JANUSZ
          peeling strips of bark from a pine-tree and stuffing them
          in his pocket.
          KHABAROV, too, works here with a third gang, cutting and
          trimming the trees.


           On the valley floor, below towering cliffs, some 150 men
          haul rocks in wooden wheelbarrows from the mine entrance
          across a maze of tracks to waiting trucks.
          A fire blazes in a 44 gallon drum set up in an open-sided
          wooden shelter. Here BOHDAN and his criminal associates
          supervise the work. VALKA has fallen on a slippery slope
          within the Urka hierarchy following his losses and
          growing debt.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          BOHDAN amuses himself by throwing stones at VALKA,
          warning him away from the fire like a stray dog. 
          Guards placed at vantage points, stamp their feet to keep
          warm, occasionally shouting at the exhausted prisoners to
          work harder or move faster. Death is casual here. A man
          falls. If found to be dead he is left where he fell,
          bodies to be collected and counted at the end of the day.



          JANUSZ and his group dump a load of trimmed logs in a bay
          by the mine entrance. He hesitates as the others move
          away, staring into the black hole leading into the
          mountain. Eerie sounds drift up from deep below. A look
          of utter dread on his face.



          The prisoners work hard to fill their quotas - VOSS
          swings his axe like a demon, but even with his
          contribution the cut pile of logs is a long way from the
          mark showing at the top of the storage bay.
          BOHDAN, the overseer, moves amongst the various working
          gangs, measuring their completed piles of logs. JANUSZ's
          group are still only half way to a full quota. KHABAROV
          leaves his gang and approaches JANUSZ.




          Quickly now, half-quota means half-
          rations. Quota is Law here.


          No-one could meet that quota even 
          if they were fed and rested. 
          KHABAROV calls for them to follow him. He leads them at 
          a jog deeper into the trees - pointing out various shapes
          buried in fallen leaves and drifts of snow. He clears
          away the leaves and snow to reveal a pile of old grey cut
          timber.


          Cut last year and never collected!
          Quickly hide them inside your
          fresh cut timber!
          BOHDAN moving closer. It becomes a race to transport all
          the old logs to their pile and to conceal them inside the
          fresh cut logs.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          They just make it, but BOHDAN notices the end of an old
          grey log poking out from the center of the stack. He
          stops his measuring of their quota. A tense moment, then
          he nods and leaves. KHABAROV crosses from his gang to
          join them.


          He knows.
          KHABAROV shrugs.


          He knows, but he doesn't care, as
          long as his arse is protected.
          This is 'Tufta'. Bull-shit.
          JANUSZ nods his thanks.





          The long march back to camp. JANUSZ peers left and right
          toward the beckoning forest. Beside him ZORAN senses his
          friend might just take off then and there. He places a
          restraining hand on his arm, as a guard's voice drifts
          through the still air:


          A step to the left, a step to the
          right, and I shoot!





          VOSS and KAZIK are by the stove unwinding their long foot-
          cloths that most wear in place of socks. KAZIK hangs the
          damp cloths on the stove to dry and sets out to examine
          his toes, which are in poor shape, suffering the early
          stages of frostbite. TOMASZ sits nearby sketching the
          scene on a sheet of birch-bark, using a piece of 
          charcoal. 
          WIDER to see VALKA, looking on in admiration. TOMASZ is
          uneasy despite the implied compliment. VALKA hands him a
          sheet of paper, and the stub of a pencil. 




          You do for me.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          You want me to make a sketch of 
          you?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  18.




          No. Not me.
          TOMASZ puzzled.


          BOHDAN lies on his bunk, surrounded by several of his
          tattooed henchmen listening to a story. The storyteller,
          looking rather uncomfortable, is ZORAN. His Russian is
          good but for a moment his memory fails him as he
          desperately tries to recall the next beat in the story.


          Keep going and you'll get some
          bread - so how does this 'Long
          John Silver' find the treasure?


          I knew a type like that. Remember
          Igor? He had one leg.


          Shut up.
          
          Go on.
          The story resumes, ZORAN giving it all he's got, when
          VALKA appears a sketch in his hand. He passes it to
          BOHDAN. CLOSE on the sketch - a lusty naked woman.
          VALKA makes a gesture implying masturbation. BOHDAN
          examines the drawing before licking the back of it,
          lifting his shirt, sticking it to his chest, then
          lowering his shirt again. He waves VALKA away.


          CLOSE on a shirt.
          The shirt lies on JANUSZ's bunk and it's moving. A tiny
          subtle movement, but just perceptible, the movement
          caused by hundreds of lice.


          to see this is JANUSZ's view, KHABAROV there too,
          watching over his shoulder.


          For the lice I have an old folk
          remedy.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  19.


          He picks up the shirt and walks toward the door of the
          barrack, indicating JANUSZ should follow. As he passes
          his bunk he scoops up his own shirt.



          KHABAROV leads him toward the wire. From somewhere deep
          in the bowels of the earth, a low sinister rumbling, the
          very ground itself shaking momentarily. JANUSZ stops,
          while KHABAROV keeps walking.


          The mines. They blast at night.
          He pauses to let JANUSZ catch up, then looking furtively
          about him, he crouches by a drift of snow.


          Shirt.
          JANUSZ hands him his shirt. He scrapes a hole in the
          snow, buries the shirt, leaving only the tip showing. He
          does the same with his own shirt.


          We're going to leave them here
          overnight? Why?


          You'll see.
          JANUSZ stares up at the wire, then to a distant
          watchtower, its searchlight briefly illuminating him.
          KHABAROV follows his eye-line.


          It can be done.
          JANUSZ holding his breath.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  20.




          There is a way through the wire.
          JANUSZ stares at him.


          Lazar, you've seen him, my
          associate, overseer of
          construction.
          He nods toward an area where stockade wall is being
          replaced with double wire.


          Few ever escape the camps. I've
          waited for someone like you,
          someone with the strength and will
          to see it through.




          Can't go West - apart from the
          Soviets, there's the Germans.
          East? All Soviet right to the
          Pacific.. .it would have to be
          South?
          KHABAROV nods, beams at him like a teacher with a very
          bright pupil.


          They marched as due North from the
          railway, I glimpsed a lake, but I
          have no idea where we are.
          KHABAROV squats down, JANUSZ joins him, and smoothing out
          a drift of snow KHABAROV sketches a map of a lake and
          indicates the location of the camp.


          We believe about 500 kilometers
          north of Lake Baikal.


          We could follow the edge of the
          Lake, it runs due South.




          Then on to the Trans-Siberian
          Railway. Cross that and you're
          close to the Mongolian border.
          And freedom.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/4/09  21.


          JANUSZ's eyes burn with excitement. KHABAROV takes his
          arm, as if drawing energy from the younger man.


          Spring is already upon us. It
          would have to be next autumn.


          Why wait?


          It's 1000 kilometers to the
          border, maybe more. We need
          careful planning, stock-pile food.
          I've already begun - trading,
          dealing. You could do the same.
          In the Autumn the weather is
          predictable. We need the early
          snows to cover our tracks.
          JANUSZ nods.


          What about my friends?


          If you trust them. But they won't
          all survive.


          But they'd die free men.
          KHABAROV offers his hand, and they shake.



           KHABAROV and JANUSZ enter, having buried the shirt in the 
           snow. KHABAROV indicates LAZAR, sitting on a bunk , and 
           whispers. 


           That's Lazar. He was architect. 
           In Kiev.Now he is grave robber - 
           me too.  We sneak out 
           at night.Through the wire. 
           He moves away. 



          To the echoing clang of the hammer and iron, JANUSZ and
          KHABAROV hurry to where they buried their clothing.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/4/09  21A.


          CLOSE on the tips of the cloth showing above the snow - a
          teeming mound of lice on each.
          WIDER, as they shake their clothing free of the lice, and
          hurry over to join the assembly of prisoners at the
          kitchen servery window for their meagre breakfast ration.
          At the same time the morning ritual of carrying out the
          bodies of those who have died overnight is underway. The
          corpses are stacked like cords of wood for burial.
          JANUSZ pauses, a muttered prayer on his lips. Then he's
          passing the hospital barracks - the usual crowd of
          desperately ill prisoners hoping to be admitted, to be
          excused another day of the killing work, the majority
          turned away. He joins the line at the kitchen. The
          days' bread ration is being weighed and issued. If not
          exactly 500 grams a little is added or subtracted, the
          cook keeping trimmed slices, placing them in a tin.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          Having been counted once, inside the camp, the brigade of
          prisoners is marched outside the gates where the armed
          guards who will escort them to work are waiting. GUARD
          NO. 1 begins counting them again. It's much colder than
          usual, prisoners beating their arms to keep warm, a high
          wind blowing. Khabarov stands with JANUSZ. 


          Temperature is dropping. Below 60
          they're not supposed to send us
          out. Know how to tell the
          temperature? You see frosty fog -
          it's 40 below. If you exhale
           easily but in a rasping fashion?
          50 below. When your spit freezes?
          More than 60 below.
           He hoiks and spits. Close on the ball of spit mid-air.
           Freeze-frame. It's a solid glittering crystal of ice.





          The freezing wind has picked up considerably, driving
          sleet against the column of prisoners, forcing them to a
          halt in an open snow-covered area. The column halts, the
          guards anxiously confer - 'to go back or continue on'?
          The prisoners shiver in the biting cold, some collapse,
          their fellow prisoners unwilling or unable to help them.
          JANUSZ and his friends find themselves near SMITH and
          watch as he hails a GUARD.


          
          We need to make shelter.


          Who asked you?


          We'll freeze to death in less than
          an hour.


          I couldn't give a fuck if you drop
          dead right now.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  23.




           Yes, but lose 200 men and you'll
           have some forms to fill out.
           Could go badly for you.
          The GUARD dimly considers this. The prisoners begin to
          stir, some shouting out that they should turn back. The
          GUARD alarmed, orders the prisoners to the ground - other
          guards level their rifles as the mass of men lay down on
          the freezing ground. All but SMITH.


          We could move into the forest,
          find shelter!


          Lie down!
          The GUARD is about to leave when to his astonishment, and
          that of the other prisoners, SMITH begins to walk toward
          the forest edging the road. The GUARD draws his pistol.
          On the ground ZORAN lies beside JANUSZ, as they watch the
          unfolding drama.
          GUARD NO. 1 shouts for SMITH to return, others raise
          their rifles, waiting for his order to fire. He is
          conflicted, and after a tense moment gestures for them to
          lower their weapons.


          Let the prisoners take shelter in
          the trees! Shoot anyone who makes
          a run for it!
          JANUSZ stares after SMITH, admiring of his reckless
          courage.


          The men work frantically collecting fallen timber. SMITH
          watches as VOSS picks up a massive log, places it on his
          shoulder and carries it to where JANUSZ is supervising
          the building of their shelter. Most of the other
          prisoners have just piled snow up around bundles of
          sticks to make windbreaks, but JANUSZ is building
          something more elaborate. SMITH's eyes miss nothing as
          he notes JANUSZ's skill and the way the others work as a
          team under his direction.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  24.


          Some distance away VALKA huddles alone against the trunk
          of a tree. He too, is watching JANUSZ organize shelter
          for the group.




           JANUSZ calls KHABAROV to join them, but he declines
           politely. He moves on to find SMITH - invites him back
           to their improvised shelter. As SMITH sits, ZORAN offers
           his hand.


          You are brave man - Dragan Zoran,
          Yugoslav this is Janusz
          Wieszczek the youngster is
          Kazik, both Polish.
          


          Andrejs Voss, Latvian.


          
          English our common language!
          SMITH nods.


          And you're ?


          Smith.


          Your first name?


          Mister.


          Mister Smith?


          That's right.
          As the blizzard grows in intensity, JANUSZ reaches into
          his pocket for strips of pine-bark collected earlier. He
          hands them out to his companions. They watch as he chews
          on the bark. The others follow his example.
          Watching from a short distance away is GUARD NO. 1. He
          takes note of the group as future troublemakers.

                         

                         

                         

                         




           The men are stirring, struggling up to face another day, 
           when the door opens, and in a flurry of snow, GUARD NO. 1 
           enters with another soldier. He orders SMITH, JANUSZ and 
           his group to fall out. As he passes SMITH - 




           You don't like being out in the 
           cold, do you Cowboy? 
           And as he moves away SMITH mutters to JANUSZ. 


           Might as well have shot us 
           yesterday. 
           JANUSZ and the others look at him. 


           We're for the mine. 



          A labyrinth of twisting tunnels leading down into the
          frozen earth. Dim lights silhouette ghostly figures
          working with pick and shovel. Occasionally the muffled
          sound of a distant explosion as a gallery is blasted yet
          deeper. Mingling with these eerie sounds something more
          sinister - the hacking coughs of those who've done the
          most time in this frozen hell.
          The man working beside JANUSZ wields a pick, JANUSZ
          shovelling out the rock as it breaks up. The man pauses
          to light a smoke. His fingers have moulded themselves
          into the shape of his pick-handle - they are like hooks,
          the man unable to straighten his fingers. He holds the
          cigarette with the tips of his fingers, as if his hand
          was an artificial limb. JANUSZ looks around desperately,
          fighting off an overwhelming feeling of claustrophobia.
          Despite the cold, sweat beads on his forehead.



          KAZIK and a man known as 'THE PROF', drag a cart laden
          with rock up a steep incline. They wear horse collars
          attached to the cart by leather harnesses.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          THE PROF's wasted frame and sallow complexion are in
          contrast to his lively intelligent eyes. He says
          something to KAZIK in Russian. He shakes his head. He
          doesn't speak Russian. THE PROF tries German, then
          English.


          English, yes.
          They share a smile.


          I was only saying, these collars -
          the same used by ancient Egyptian
          people.


          Yes, but on their horses probably.


          No. Same. On people.


          How do you know that?


          I was professor of Egyptology.
          Leningrad University.
          KAZIK manages a look at his companion, before putting
          even more effort into dragging the load.



          A man, enveloped in clouds of white steam, points a long
          pipe at the frozen rock and gravel - the heat making it
          easier for the pick and shovel men to dig. This is the
          'POINT-MAN', and he opens and shuts valves on the pipe-
          stem which regulates the hot steam that travels along
          pipes leading back to a primitive boiler. Men try to
          warm themselves by working near the POINT-MAN, and when
          the guards are not around they clutch the pipes in their
          hands gaining a few moments of precious warmth.
          SMITH knows how to work the system and has found a spot
          here working beside the POINT-MAN. He looks across to
          see JANUSZ staggering up the slope toward the distant
          mine entrance, where a guard can be seen silhouetted
          against the light. He watches a moment, something not
          right about JANUSZ. He lays his shovel aside and hurries
          after him.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          JANUSZ scrambling toward the surface. He stumbles, falls
          to his knees. He looks down, sees something on the
          ground.


           Something buried in the dirt and rubble - paving stones.
          He clears away the debris to reveal a stone path.
          Looking up he sees the path leads to a gate framed by a
          hedge. His P.O.V. as he moves up the path to the gate.
          His unseen hand opens the gate. Now the view is of the
          path as he walks forward - a series of worn flagstones,
          then the camera tilts up to see a closed front door. A
          pan to the left of the door - to see a loose brick in the
          wall.



          CLOSE on JANUSZ, as SMITH is suddenly beside him,
          grabbing his arm and swinging him into the darkness of an
          adjoining tunnel.


          Are you crazy? They'll shoot you.


          Got to get out!
          SMITH stares at him. He's delirious and begins to shake
          with cold. SMITH grabs his shoulder and drags him back
          to where the POINT'-MAN works, thrusting JANUSZ's hands
          around the pipe. The POINT-MAN waves them away but SMITH
          bribes him with a slice of bread. SMITH turns back to
          JANUSZ - the warmth of the pipe beginning to have its
          effect.


          It can be done.


          What can be done? 


          He knows a way through the wire.
          SMITH slaps a hand over his mouth, glancing at the Point-
          Man, before dragging JANUSZ further away.



                         

                         

                         

                         








          He has a plan.


          Who?


          His name is Khabarov.
          Now SMITH understands.


          The actor.


          You know him?


          He has no intention of escaping.


          What?


          He's aliar. Been here foryears
          -seeksout new arrivals, mewhen
          Ifirstcame here. He justlikes
          totalkabout escape. I'veknown
          others like him.


          Why should I believe you?


          
          Nothing is for nothing in the
          camps. From you he gets your
          energy, your spirit. You feed his
          'dream' of escape. You help keep
          him alive. He's no more than a
          leech.


          You're a cold bastard, Mister.




          I'm still alive, that's all I
          know. But I won't be in six
          months. And neither will you.
          Not in the mines. So, if you're
          serious about making a run for it -
          I'm in.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          I thought you were a loner?


          Can't be done alone. Besides you
          have a weakness that could be
          useful to me.


          And what's that?


          Compassion. If anything happens
          to me, I'm counting on you
          carrying me.
          JANUSZ knows he's not joking.



           It is snowing heavily, and after swallowing their soup, 
           JANUSZ and his friends walk back to the barracks. KAZIK 
           stumbles, and is helped to his feet by VOSS. He limps on 
           to the barrack a hand resting for support on VOSS' 
           shoulder. JANUSZ is preoccupied and he hesitates at t he 
           door, turns, and looks back. After a moment staring at 
           the ground he hurries inside. 



          JANUSZ has a puzzled KHABAROV by the arm, guiding him
          back to the door.



          He points to the ground - CLOSE on footprints as they
          rapidly disappear under the heavy snowfall.


          Tonight.
          KHABAROV looks from the footprints to JANUSZ, a horrified
          look on his face.


          It's a passing storm!


          It'll do, it'll cover our tracks.



                         

                         

                         

                         







          Impossible! We need preparation,
          detailed plans, maps




          The timing will never be perfect, 
          they won't expect it now!


          But the distances! And food!
          What about food?


          We've been trading, the American
          is with us. He has food, you have
          food.


          How long will that last?


          I've spent half my life in the
          woods and mountains. We'll live
          off the land.


          It can't be done!
          JANUSZ shocked at the change in his friends' demeanor,
          the appalling realization that SMITH was right about him.
          He seizes his arm.


          How do we get through the wire?


          I don't know what you're talking
          about.


          Your friend, Lazar, he knows
          doesn't he?
          A look of fear crosses KHABAROV's face. Someone behind
          JANUSZ. JANUSZ turns. VALKA, a few paces away watching
          them. KHABAROV scuttles back inside the barracks.
          JANUSZ hesitates a moment, then follows.

                         

                         

                         

                         




           In the last minutes before lights out the would-be
           escapees make discreet preparations. Clothing and other 
           items are traded for food and tobacco. The COOK and 
           BOHDAN are at the center of the camp black-market and
           most of the trading is done with them. TOMASZ trades
           more pornographic sketches with BOHDAN while KAZIK tries 
           to trade his scarf for a pair of boots - his own being in 
           poor shape. VOSS sits beside him, and notices that KAZIK 
           does not look directly at his shoes or the scarf, but is 
          doing everything by feel. As they move away VOSS
          whispers to him.


          You can't see, can you?
          A look of panic crosses the boy's face.




          Don't leave me behind!
          VOSS conflicted.


          Promise me, Andrejs! I could keep
          a hand on your shoulder by night,
          and in the day I can see just
          fine. I won't hold you up.
          Please don't tell them. I'll die
          here.
          JANUSZ and SMITH sit in a darkened corner working on
          LAZAR. They want to know how to get through the wire.
          He is reluctant until SMITH produces a wristwatch from
          his boot. The strapless watch, of good make, settles the
          deal, just as the light flickers and goes out plunging
          the barracks into darkness.



          Several shots of the wind driven snow whipping about the
          buildings.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          The wooden building creaks and heaves like a ship at sea
          as the storm builds into a fully fledged blizzard. The
          sounds of the sleeping men, the usual cries and groans,
          hacking coughs, all mix into the howl of the storm.
          CLOSE on the conspirators lying awake - SMITH, VOSS,
          KAZIK, TOMASZ and ZORAN. SMITH looks across to JANUSZ,
          catches his eye. A signal from JANUSZ, 'not yet'.
          KHABAROV too, is awake. He jumps at any unexpected
          sound, checks his horde of food in the hiding place at
          the base of his bunk, as if expecting at any moment to be
          attacked and robbed. He sees a shadow. Someone moving
          about near him, a look of terror on his face.


          JANUSZ lies on his back listening to the storm. A
          movement beside him, then a knife pressed against his
          throat. It's VALKA. He grins, steel-capped teeth, his
          cross dangling from his neck. JANUSZ goes still.


          There are no secrets here.


          What do you want?


          The game goes against me. Small
          debt - lose fingers. Big debt, 
          they take head. Me, big debt.
          But one thing I never gamble is my
          Wolf.
          He removes the knife from JANUSZ's throat, tilts the
          blade to show a wolf's head incised into the blade.


          In forest you need knife to 
          survive. Without? A miracle.
          He leans in close to JANUSZ's ear.


          You need a knife, and I need
          miracle to get me out of here.
          With a conjurer's ease he spins the knife in his fingers
          and arches his eyebrows - 'Deal'?

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Heavy snow still falling as shadowy figures run toward
          the wire. Shouted commands and the beam of a searchlight
          isolates them - not the fugitives, but a group of guards.
          They've found a gap in the wire. A great yelping and
          baying as the dog-handlers join them, releasing the dogs
          into the gap, then following them toward the distant
          forest.



          Then seven fugitives, now including VALKA, weave in and
          out of the trees at a fast jog. Snow whirls about them,
          as, gasping for breath, they attempt to keep up with
          JANUSZ. In the rear KAZIK holds onto VOSS' rope belt,
          occasionally stumbling, but VOSS has him up and on his
          feet fast enough to keep up with the others.
          JANUSZ pauses briefly every now and then to study the 
          moss growing on the North side of tree-trunks, before 
          plunging on Southward. 


          They top a rise to a clearing and pause to catch their
          breath. The snow continues to fall but JANUSZ will allow 
          no rest and moves off without a backward glance. 


           JANUSZ is out in front when SMITH stops, resting his 
           hands on his knees, gulping for air. The others stop
           too, VALKA dropping to his knees. JANUSZ runs back to 
           VALKA, drags him to his feet. 


           Get up. Or we die right now. You
           know how fast dogs travel. 
           He turns to the others. 


           Run, damn you! Run! 
           He moves to SMITH. 


          Is it time for me to carry you?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  34.


          SMITH waves him away, gets up and continues.



          A feeble light penetrates the forest as day begins. The
          snow still falling heavily as the men stumble into a deep
          depression, and facing a steep climb find they can go no
          further. KAZIK turns his face to the light. His sight
          is returning with the day and he nods gratefully to VOSS.
          In the deep stillness the sound of distant voices. They
          look about them. Hard to tell the direction of the
          sound. JANUSZ is on his feet - there's plenty of fallen
          timber but no obvious place to hide. He draws a circle
          in the snow, mimes digging to the others, then turns to
          VALKA, whispers.


          Knife .
          VALKA has never taken an order from a 'Political' in his
          short life.


          What?


          Your knife.
          With a glance to the others he reluctantly draws his
          knife from his boot and passes it to JANUSZ.
          While the group furiously dig, JANUSZ collects and trims
          fallen timber. As the hole deepens, JANUSZ begins to
          make a trellis roof. The voices change direction. They
          go still. Are they surrounded? They resume their
          digging with greater intensity, the hole now more than a
          meter at its deepest, JANUSZ placing the branches to
          cover their hide.

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  35.




           Several angles on the forest. Utter stillness.Light
          snow falling.



          Camera moves slowly toward their hide, wisps of vapor
          rise from below the surface. The Russian voices are
          closer now.



          It's like an Indian sweat-lodge as the fugitives sit
          shoulder to shoulder in a tight circle, ears straining,
          sweat running down their faces. The voices closer still.
          A tense moment, and then they are passing, the voices
          fading into silence.



          The strong wind drives snow and sleet horizontally, and
          as they push forward they cover their faces to keep the
          snow from throat and lungs. VALKA, his arm wrapped
          defensively across his eyes, staggers and falls to his
          knees. JANUSZ turns back, drags him to his feet. KAZIK
          hangs onto the back of VOSS' coat, VOSS at times
          literally dragging him along.

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/11/09  36.



          With VALKA's knife JANUSZ cuts a square of bark, pulls it
          from the tree, cuts two triangular holes some centimeters
          apart, then rams the base of the bark piece into VALKA'S
          collar. It's a crude mask.



          The group, all now wearing the improvised snow-masks,
          push forward against the wind, looking like a tribe from
          some distant age dressed in ceremonial masks.



          JANUSZ in the lead, some fifty paces ahead, but he's
          stopped, thigh-deep in the snow, as still as a statue.
          The others catch up, puzzled. SMITH calls to him, lifts
          his mask. He's asleep. SMITH shakes him back to
          consciousness, all the while the storm continues at full
          force.


          We've got to make fire!


          No! You saw how close they were!
          KAZIK sinks to the snow, then ZORAN.


          We die either way, might as well
          die warm.



          A hole scraped out of the snow and a wind-break of fallen
          timber, is all they can manage in their exhausted state.
          Down in the hole JANUSZ is striking a spark from a flint.
          Some are fading fast, KAZIK keeps falling asleep, to be
          shaken awake by TOMASZ. MR. SMITH is splitting wood into 
          ever finer shavings, ready to feed a nascent fire. Still
          the damp kindling will not catch.
          They draw closer together for warmth, draping their arms
          over each other's shoulders. ZORAN's head drops to his 
          chest. TOMASZ shakes him.


          Sleep and you die. Tell us a 
          story. 



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/11/09  37.


          The other look to ZORAN, and fighting the desire to
          sleep, he begins. VALKA loves a good story, and despite
          their desperate situation he listens with the attention
          and concentration of a small child.


          Once upon a time, in the days of
          wooden ships, there was a great
          storm in far away seas. A
          merchant ship hurried toward big
          rocks, lightening in the sky, the
          waves as high as house-tops.
          Very, very cold, brrr! The ship
          smashed onto the rocks, the
          sailors cried in fear, called out
          to God, but they all drowned. All
          but one, Mr. Robinson Crusoe. He
          woke to find himself all alone on
          a desert island. For many years
          he lived without any human
          companions, until one day he saw
          something shocking! What was it?
          A human footprint. He was no
          longer alone. But was the
          stranger friend or foe? Another
          ship wrecked sailor? Or, a
          cannibal?
          All turn as a flicker of flame begins at the base of the 
          kindling. While JANUSZ blows at the flame, MR. SMITH 
          feeds in small shavings. The group watch with the awe 
          and wonder usually reserved for child-birth. Then
          everyone is making a contribution - adding a few leaves,
          or tiny twigs, like offerings, as the fire grows and
          spreads.



          A comfortable blaze, the group, minus JANUSZ, sleep or
          drowse in the life-giving warmth, when a pile of snow
          lands on the fire. The others react. It's JANUSZ. He
          heaps on more snow and the fire sputters out.
          By the time the others are on their feet JANUSZ is almost
          out of sight and they hurry to catch up, fearful of being
          left behind.



          Ruins, deep in the forest. From the overgrown rubble
          they build a shelter, discovering as they do, evidence
          that this was once a small, remote, Soviet gulag.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/11/09  37A.


          LATER, the fugitives sit shoulder to shoulder in a tight
          circle. They shiver in their padded jackets, rub frozen
          limbs. VALKA looks up to find SMITH staring at him.


          You stare at me like the snake at
          the rabbit or is it the other
          way 'round?
          VALKA turns to the others with a silver-toothed smile,
          indicates SMITH.


          He teach me English. Speak good,
          huh? Bread for words, wasn't it
          cowboy?
          SMITH holds his gaze a moment before being distracted by
          a thumping sound outside. The group go very still. A
          second thump, overhead this time. VALKA draws his knife.
          A trickle of snow falls through the vent in the roof.


          Snow, falling from trees.
          They relax a little.


          When can we travel by day?


          When I say.



                         

                         

                         

                         



          KAZIK glances at VOSS.


          How far have we come?


          Twenty, thirty kilometers.


          Is that all?


          Less, if we've been going in
          circles, like the chicken without
          its head.




          How can you tell we're heading
          South?


          He reads the trees, don't you?


          Something like that.
          He spreads out a piece of cloth on the snow at his feet.


          Alright, let's see what you've
          got.
          No one moves. JANUSZ reaches into his own pockets,
          emptying the contents onto the cloth - several slices of
          bread, half a kilo of buckwheat, some dried meat, a
          swatch of tobacco. SMITH goes next with a larger store
          of bread and a little salt. VOSS has a collection of
          small fish-heads which he adds to the store. TOMASZ,
          KAZIK and ZORAN make their contributions. They stare
          grimly at their limited food supply. Various other items
          are added - a razor blade, a length of cord, a piece of
          barbed-wire, etc. SMITH picks up the barbed wire,
          examines it.


          Valka?
          VALKA reluctantly reaches into his coat - something
          familiar about it with its distinctive fur-lined collar.


          That's Khabarov's coat.



                         

                         

                         

                         



          He smiles at JANUSZ as he produces a bulging sack from
          inside his coat.


          Yes...and...
          From the sack he produces KHABAROV's hoarded supply of 
          food and other items. Off JANUSZ's reaction - 


          He was going to inform. Don't
          worry. I talk to him. Everything
          o.k.
          He puts the goods back in the sack and goes to place it 
          inside his coat. 


          We share.
          JANUSZ reaches out for the sack of food. VALKA glances
          at the others, then passes it to him. TOMASZ has already
          begun to organize seven slices of bread laying one of
          VOSS's fish heads on each. one. He hands them out. They
          eat in silence, savoring every bite. ZORAN removes the
          fish-head, passing it back to TOMASZ. Then he places a
          thin layer of snow on the bread like a canape. He eats
          daintily, his little finger extended like a dowager at a
          tea party, raising a smile from his exhausted companions.



          The wind is rising, whipping flurries of snow through the
          trees. SMITH and JANUSZ are in the lead. SMITH refers
          back to VALKA.


          You've made a bargain with the
          Devil.




          Have you got a knife?
          They move on in silence, JANUSZ not liking his bargain
          any more than SMITH.


          SMITH finds himself walking beside VALKA.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  40.




          For direction he looks at grass
          and mosses, what's that? I swear
          to God he better know what he's
          doing.


          You should be grateful you're here
          at all.


          Gratitude is for dogs.
          He moves away from SMITH, his eyes fixed on JANUSZ, who
          is again studying moss on the side of a tree.



          The group in the shelter of the trees. The sky is
          overcast but at least it's not too cold. Everywhere
          about is deep snow from the recent storm. TOMASZ
          prepares a meal from their dry rations, small portions
          for men who have expended so much energy. KAZIK examines
          his swollen blistered feet. VALKA has his boots off,
          shaking them.


          Clean inside boots, foot-cloths.
          KAZIK copies him.


          Man on run - one tiny piece of
          sand can make cripple, I swear to
          God.
          The others are listening, and some do likewise.



          With lengths of wood as 'ski-poles', the group begin to
          make up lost time. VOSS has lashed his rope-belt to
          KAZIK who walks behind him. SMITH wonders about this,
          but says nothing. They pause at the top of a rise
          amongst the trees, on hearing the sound of dogs howling
          from behind.


          Wolves it's only wolves.



                         

                         

                         

                         





           Relieved, they continue forward.


           'Only wolves', great. 




           From behind clouds, the sun appears, shafting light
           toward the earth.





           The upturned faces of the fugitives. Sun worshipers all. 
           JANUSZ a short distance away. He plants his 'ski-pole' 
           in the snow, marking the tip of its shadow with a pine- 
           cone. They watch as he draws a line in the snow from the 
          second marker - about a foot in length. Then he stands,
          and with the toe of his left foot at the first pine-cone
          and the toe of his right foot at the end of the line in
          the snow, he points, calling to them.


          South! To Lake Baikal!
           Cheers from the watching group. 


           Now we travel by day. 
           They move off down toward a distant valley, ZORAN the 
           last to leave, doubt on his face as he studies the series 
           of seemingly endless forested hills stretching before 
           them. 








          The group push on with renewed energy. VALKA hurries to
          keep up with JANUSZ.


          You are the 'Pakhan'.


          What's 'Pakhan'?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/17/09  42.




          Boss of criminals.


          We're not criminals, we're
          escaping from criminals.


          I swear to God you win my respect
          with your sticks and pine-cones.
          I'll stand between you and death.


          You want to be my bodyguard?


          It's the Urka way. You have me
          and you have the Wolf.
          He touches the knife in its bark sheath at his belt.
          JANUSZ increases the pace, VALKA pushing himself to keep
          up with his 'Pakhan'.



          The fugitives settle for the coming night. As TOMASZ
          unpacks their meagre food supply JANUSZ sketches a map on
          a piece of birch-bark. The other sit exhausted, some
          close to sleep, except SMITH who is working the piece of
          barbed wire from KHABAROV's stash.


          I have us here somewhere.
          Above Lake Baikal their former camp is marked. South of
          the lake, the Trans-Siberian Railway, a little further
          South the Russo/Mongolian border. With a twig he points
          to a spot seemingly not far from the prison camp.
          WIDER to see the disappointed faces of the group - the
          distance yet to cover overwhelming.




          Are you going all the way?


          To Mongolia? No. I go further.
          To America.
          The first SMITH has heard of this. TOMASZ turns from
          examining their store of food.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/17/09  43.




          We have food for another week.


          We need meat.


          I can make traps.


          We'll be moving too fast to wait
          for traps.


          We find farms, villages, get food
          there.


          There's a bounty on our heads.


          We steal it. At night. They
          never know.


          We're not thieves.




          Then I'll steal it, and I'll eat.
          You can watch.
          SMITH is working the length of barbed-wire someone added
          earlier to their communal store. His fingers are
          bleeding as he struggles to separate the strands of wire.


          What's that?


          Barbed-wire.
          ZORAN puzzled, but TOMASZ gets it.


          He's making a fish-hook.
          JANUSZ smiles at SMITH's ingenuity.


          It's how we'll survive isn't it,
          Mister?


          Fish? I don't eat fish.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/17/09  44.




          Then you'll die.
          KAZIK has a far-away look in his sight-less eyes. He
          speaks in Polish to JANUSZ.


          What does he say?


          He asked Janusz if he believes in
          God's forgiveness.
          This has come from seemingly nowhere.


          Save your philosophy. Concentrate
          on keeping up with us instead.
          He gets up and goes in search of more wood, the others
          surprised at his cold tone.
          The rest of the group also begin to prepare their camp.
          Most gather wood while TOMASZ, the 'quartermaster', makes
          their meal, and JANUSZ the fire. VOSS keeps an eye on
          KAZIK who, demonstrating his independence while it's
          still light, and his desire to contribute, returns with a
          load of wood, turning back into the forest for more.
          Others gather wood, and as the light fades, begin to take
          up positions by the growing fire, roll cigarettes, etc.
          VOSS looks anxiously for KAZIK. He has not returned.







          KAZIK lost. He moves along a right to left trajectory,
          i.e. North, heading away for the campsite, his sight
          beginning to fade with the light.



          The group range out from the fire calling KAZIK's name.
          VOSS turns to JANUSZ.


          He has night-blindness.

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/17/09  44A.



          KAZIK stumbling through the whiteout. He stops. Did he
          hear his name? He moves on, pleased to find by his side
          the Professor from the mine.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          I thought I was alone!


          I've been walking with you for
          some time.


          I'll just sit for a minute.
          The PROF. sits beside him.


          Not far to go.
          He points, and KAZIK sees - the Pyramids of Giza, deep
          inside the fog.


          We made it. We really made it.
          Isn't that something.



          They find KAZIK not a hundred yards from where they
          camped. The weather has broken, the fog gone. He sits
          looking toward them, his bare feet stretched out before
          him, his eyes wide open. On his lips a frozen smile.



          They stand by his grave.


          A free man died here today.
          Amens are muttered. The group remain by the grave
          reluctant to leave. All but VALKA who looks about
          restlessly.


          Young always die first.
          The others look at him.


          In the camps.
          He looks at their somber faces.



                         

                         

                         

                         







          Still, one less mouth to feed
          what? You're all thinking the
          same thing.
           He wanders away toward the embers of their fire. 


           SMITH hauling in fish, hand over hand. The others 
           watching in fascination. 


           Where did you learn to fish like 
           that? 


          Lived in the woods a while. 


          In America. 


          In America. 


          And how did you come to be in 
          Russia? 


          I made a mistake.



          High, wide, panoramas, the tiny figures of the fugitives
          threading their way through the trees heading steadily
          Southward.



          Close on Nature naturing - birds calling from high
          branches, bees buzzing, a grub crawling along a leaf.
          And a large animal grazing. Or what appears at first to
          be an animal.
          It's VALKA, on all fours, picking up and eating bugs.
          Others are there grazing too. The weeks have taken their
          toll and they look thin and starving. We see in detail
          their search for anything edible: hands digging out
          roots and berries of various kinds which are tested with
          a tentative nibble and sometimes spat out if too bitter;



                         

                         

                         

                         





          VOSS has made a small trap - a noose rigged on a branch
          and just beyond it a nut. A squirrel watches.
          Not all food is shared in this extreme situation and
          some, with a furtive look about them, eat what they find. 





           They are camped at the mouth of a cathedral like cave,
           and here TOMASZ amuses himself by sketching on the cave
           wall using charcoal from the fire. Among portraits of
           the group are scenes from life in Camp 105. On the fire
           a stew of water and pine-needles bubbles away.
          ZORAN watches idly from where he lies near the cave
          entrance.


          They'll find our bones and your
          drawings a hundred years from now,
          and say - 'a fine example of Early
          Gulag Man'.



                         

                         

                         

                         







          Shut up with your jokes! Go and
          find food like the others.


          You do the shutting up! Drawing
          like you're on holiday. I'm sick.


          I cook. They find food. What do
          you ever do? Nothing!


          I make them laugh.


          Not any more.
          ZORAN turns away from him, curling up into a foetal
          position.





           SMITH walking through the vast cave, his attention caught 
           by two massive holes in the roof. He walks on toward 
           their camp outside an opening at the far end. 





          TOMASZ has water boiling on the fire. He calls to the




          What do you have? Come on, no
          holding back.
          SMITH approaches from the cave, hands over two small
          fish, his day's catch. VOSS steps forward with a dead
          squirrel. VALKA has nothing. TOMASZ reaches for their
          cooking pot cooling by the fire. He passes a cup to




          Pine-needle tea.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          JANUSZ sips, reacts to the bitterness of the brew,then
          passes it on. 



          Sleeping figures by the fire. TOMASZ tosses and turns,
          muttering in his sleep. JANUSZ is awake as is VALKA who
          sits close beside him. A whispered conversation -


          Who will be first?
          JANUSZ looks at him.


          You mean the first to die?
          VALKA nods, indicates TOMASZ.


          I think that sucker, the artist.
          But better if it was him.
          He nods toward ZORAN.


          It might be you.
          VALKA shrugs.


          Why 'better' if it's Zoran?
          VALKA squeezes the flesh of his upper arms.


          More soft. More tender.
          JANUSZ shakes his head, 'no'.


          Mister only gets little fish now. 
          We must have meat, or we die. 
          You're the Pakhan, you've thought
          of it. We all have. That's why
          you brought extra people isn't it?
          For food? An old Urka escape
          trick. I swear to God you were an
          Urka in another life.


          We'll get food when we get to Lake
          Baikal, plenty of fish there.



                         

                         

                         

                         








          You said we should have seen Lake
          a week ago. We're lost, Pakhan.
          JANUSZ stares into the fire as VALKA lays down to sleep.




          It is ZORAN's turn on watch and he stands near the
          entrance to the cave, his blanket about his shoulders,
          looking out into the still night. Behind him a low
          growling sound, coming from deep in the cave. He turns,
          a look of terror on his face. He can see nothing but a
          dim light deep in the cave where moonlight penetrates
          through two large holes in the cave roof. He wakes
          JANUSZ, alerting him to the sound. JANUSZ in turn wakes
          VALKA, and after taking burning sticks from the fire they
          walk back inside the vast cave toward the source of the
          sound, VALKA drawing his knife.





          The dim light shows a wolf-pack growling as they pick at
          a carcass on the cave floor. They drop their bones and
          face the intruders, baring their fangs, all now growling.
          On a signal from JANUSZ they rush the wolves, who run
          back toward another exit from the cave. MR. SMITH,
          TOMASZ and VOSS come hurrying to join them, woken by all
          the barking and shouting.
          VALKA falls on part of the carcass, cutting off chunks of
          raw meat. The others do likewise. Wider on the group,
          down on all fours chewing on the remains of the kill,
          only JANUSZ stands back, watching them.





          Some sleep on, others stir, their movements slow and
          listless. They are near the end. This has been JANUSZ's
          point of view as he packs a few scraps of food into his
          pockets and picks up his staff. Those awake stare at
          him.


          I'll be back in a week - if I find
          the lake. If not, you're on your
          own.


          I come too.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          
          I'll travel faster alone. Mr.
          Smith will be the Pakhan while I'm
          gone.
          JANUSZ turns and with a nod of the head 'follow me', to
          SMITH, he moves off.



          Now out of earshot, JANUSZ turns to SMITH. SMITH knows
          what it's about.


          I know. Valka.


          Don't let him out of your sight.


          Good luck.
          As JANUSZ heads off into the forest.



          A magnificent vista - a broad plain sweeping toward a
          distant line of hills. It's a beautiful clear day and
          the lone figure of JANUSZ, dwarfed by the landscape,
          walks steadily Southward.



          Sheltering from the wind on the leeside of a hill, he
          takes pine-cones from his pocket, breaks them open and
          eats the seeds. Then he's up and off again, leaning
          heavily on his staff.



          The weather changes from a clear Spring morning to cold
          and overcast as gusts of wind whip down from distant
          slopes. JANUSZ bends into the wind, his pace slowing.
          He stumbles, sinks to the ground, fighting the desire to
          let go, to give himself to sleep, and the swift death
          that will surely follow. His eyes begin to close. Then
          he sees it. Just ahead of him. The gate. The gate from
          his vision in the mine. He struggles to his feet,
          staggers on -



                         

                         

                         

                         




          JANUSZ'S VISION: A repeat of his earlier hallucination -
          the click of the gate latch, the flagstones at his feet
          as he moves down the path. (All the while the
          accompanying sound is of JANUSZ's laboured breathing in
          the present 'reality'). He's at the front door, camera
          pans to the loose brick in the wall beside the door.



          JANUSZ staggers back into camp, half dead and shivering
          with cold. VALKA is quickly beside him with SMITH and




          Three days from here. South by
          West.
          He collapses. VOSS shouts for the fire to be built up,
          hot water to be boiled. He feels his pulse, checks his
          eyes.


          Stones! Gather stones! Heat them
          in the fire!



          Throughout the night they take turns replacing the hot
          stones surrounding his body and massaging his feet and
          hands. On one such occasion SMITH finds himself at
          JANUSZ's side. JANUSZ opens his eyes.


          What's the 'brick'?


          What did I say?


          Something about a loose brick.
          JANUSZ nods, offers no explanation.


          You know if you don't pull through
          soon we'll have to leave you.


          I expect nothing less.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          So you better get better quick if
          you want to see home again.


          We could've used you in the Polish
          army. Fired you out of a cannon.
          He closes his eyes, lapses back into a deep sleep.





          It's a beautiful evening as the file of travellers climb
          toward the crest of the hill.



           From the crest, a panorama of Lake Baikal - a massive 
           body of water stretching to the horizon. 
           The fugitives rest, and consider the next stage of their 

                          
           journey.

                          



                          



                          
           We're going to have to follow the

                          
           Western shore.

                          



                          
           But look, it bends like that -

                          
           won't it take us longer?

                          



                          
           See all those settlements on the

                          
           other side? We'd never get

                          
          through.


          I swear to God, those mother-
          fuckers would cut off our heads,
          take them to secret police. Get
          more for us than they would for
          their fish.
          JANUSZ, impatient to move on, is already on his feet.
          ZORAN rolls onto his back with a groan.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          SMITH and VOSS are last in line as they move cautiously
          along a dirt track. SMITH keeps looking back over his
          shoulder.


          What is it?



                         

                         

                         

                         
          Revised 2/25/09  54.




          SMITH signals JANUSZ to stop, while holding a finger to
          his lips for silence. JANUSZ joins him, followed by the
          others.


          We're being followed.


          Followed? Where?


          Fifty yards back. A man on his
          own. May have seen us - crossed
          into the trees beside the track.
          A silence as they consider their options. VALKA draws
          his knife.


          No killing.




          No? I think you've killed before.
          You say too many prayers for an
          innocent man.
          VOSS looks uneasy.


          He gives us away, the soldiers
          will be on us in no time.


          Valka, go back on the other side
          of the track, then come up behind,
          in case he makes a run for it.
          VALKA moves off, gliding through the trees on the left of
          the track. The others wait a beat, then move into the
          trees on the right side of the track picking up fallen
          timber as weapons.
          JANUSZ is in the lead when in a clearing not fifty paces
          ahead, a figure steps out from behind a tree. JANUSZ
          stops, holding up a hand for the others to stay where
          they are. He stares at the small figure - a young woman.
          There's a glimpse of a dirty skirt under her coat, a
          scarf tied loosely about her neck. Wisps of chestnut
          hair stray out from under a moth-eaten fur hood. She
          looks frightened and desperate.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          From her waif like appearance, it's hard to tell her age
          - an old thirteen or a young sixteen?
          The men discreetly drop their irovised weapons. She
          looks ready to make a run for it on seeing VALKA with his
          drawn knife. JANUSZ gestures for the others to fall
          back, as he cautiously approaches, uttering reassuring
          words.



          The others sit smoking by the pathway, watching as JANUSZ
          crosses back from the GIRL to join them.
          He says something to TOMASZ in Polish. A rapid exchange
          between them.


          What? What is it?


          She's Polish. Been following us
          for several days.


          What does she want?


          Food? Protection? She's been too
          afraid to approach us until she
          was sure we weren't Russians.


          She wants to travel with us?


          She's on the run, like us.
          Escaped from a Russian collective
          farm.


          I swear to God I know this type -
          street gypsies, there are
          thousands like that, less use than
          a dog!
          JANUSZ looks back to the GIRL who watches them from the
          clearing.


          Pakhan. Don't do this.


          She's starving.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          We can't feed ourselves.


          Zoran?


          Maybe it's kinder to leave her.


          She's been sent to us. We can't
          leave her.


          We have no choice.
          JANUSZ knows this is true.



           The GIRL watches as JANUSZ approaches. From the way he
           doesn't look at her she knows their answer. JANUSZ
           stands before her a moment. They speak in Polish (sub-
          titled).


          I'm sorry.
          He reaches into his bag, passes her a fish and some nuts
          and berries. It's all she can do to refrain from eating
          it right away.


          What will you do?

                          


          Go back.
          He guesses at what this might mean.


          If we had enough food
          She stares at him, nods, then walks back toward the path,
          returning in the direction from which she came.



          The group walk in silence, the encounter with the girl
          and their subsequent decision weighing heavily on some.
          VOSS keeps looking back over his shoulder.

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/31/09  57.



          LATER, the group walking out in the open by the lake when
          their attention is caught by the sight of a flock of
          ravens circling and diving on something up ahead - just
          out of sight around a bend in the lake.



          SMITH is the first to see it - a full grown reindeer
          bogged to the shoulders in the soft mud by the lake's
          edge. As they approach the ravens rise in a great
          flapping of wings. The group circle the wild-eyed beast,
          pathetic in it's attempts to pull itself out of the bog,
          faced now with this new and more deadly threat. VALKA
          draws his knife.



          TOMASZ already has a fire going when the rest of the
          party appear dragging the carcass of the reindeer on an
          improvised sled made of driftwood. VOSS watches a moment
          as preparations are made to butcher the animal, then he
          turns and hurries back in the direction from which they
          came. JANUSZ watches him. He knows where he's going.



          VOSS moving fast beside the lake, then onto the track,
          running now, retracing their steps.



          TOMASZ butchers more meat from the reindeer using VALKA's
          knife, while SMITH sets up a wooden rotisserie on the
          fire assisted by ZORAN. JANUSZ and VALKA are part way
          through skinning the beast when they pause on hearing
          footsteps. Around the point comes VOSS, followed by the
          girl. As they approach, an expectant silence.


          Her name is, Irena.



          They eat in silence, savoring every mouthful. We hear
          the sounds of eating - bones sucked to the marrow;
          fingers licked; bones crunching.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/31/09  58.




           IRENA is like a half-starved animal, eating with absorbed
           concentration, the others sneaking looks in her direction
           as they savor the fresh killed meat.





          JANUSZ has been on the last watch of the night, and as
          dawn breaks he approaches his sleeping companions. He
          stares down at IRENA, sleeping like a child by the fire.
          Slowly the others stir, all moving slowly and quietly,
          not wanting to disturb her sleep.



          ZORAN has set himself up as camp barber - trimming hair
          and shaving heads using the razor-blade inserted in the
          end of a stick, and for shaving cream, a chunk of fat
          from the reindeer. JANUSZ has just been shaved and
          trimmed, the last but for VALKA. While the others wash
          themselves and their clothes, ZORAN calls for VALKA, who
          approaches reluctantly and sits on the rock before the
          barber.

                          


          Why do we do this?


          So we don't look like thieves and
          robbers.
          ZORAN approaches him, blade in hand.


          Very still, please.
          He tilts VALKA's neck, seemingly the better to shave him.
          In fact, he enjoys teasing VALKA and his movements are 
          slow and ominous, VALKA clearly nervous.






                          
           Various scenes of maintenance, repairs and the breaking 
           down of the reindeer into anything of use during their 
           journey. Two fires burn - their regular cooking fire and 
          one for the smoking of meat.
          VOSS; Cleaning bones of shreds of meat then beginning the
          construction of a bone frame for a backpack. He later
          gets part of the skin to form the bag attached to the
          frame. Still later he collects nearby vines, rolling
          them up for future use.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/31/09  58A.


          TOMASZ; In between sketching scenes of his friends at
          work he skims fat from the pot filled with boiling bones,
          and lays out strips of meat given to him by VALKA to dry
          in the sun, part of the jerked meat they will carry as a
          long term food supply.
          VALKA; With the 'Wolf' he separates sinews and tendons
          from the beast, to form much needed bindings for their
          journey. He also cuts meat for their jerked supply, or
          to be smoked.

                          
          SMITH; Makes firstly a large bone needle, then later

                          
          makes repairs in his clothes.
          ZORAN; After cleaning his teeth with a twig, hangs his
          suit on a driftwood hanger and is seen brushing it with a
          branch from a pine tree. TOMASZ teases him and suggests
          he do something useful. Later this leads to him sorting
          the boiled bones into various sizes, a sort of accountant
          of the 'bone-bank'. 'Customers' come to him looking for
          bones or teeth for various uses.
          JANUSZ; Works on the reindeer skin. With SMITH's help he
          stretches it to dry on a driftwood frame. Later, he cuts
          a piece off and gives it to VOSS for the back-pack. He
          also works scraping the skin of strands of unwanted meat
          and fat.
          IRENA; Sleeps and eats. It is only at dusk one day she
          seems to come to life and moving to the lakeside washes
          her clothes and hair. The men try not to stare, and
          whether their thoughts are carnal or not, whether she
          reminds them of family or girlfriend, they are all
          affected by her transformation from boy/urchin, into a
          young woman when she returns washed, and wearing the
          dress she has carried rolled-up on her back.

                          

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  59.



          SMITH and JANUSZ some distance from the campsite
          collecting wood. By the fire ZORAN leads the 'Survivors
          Band'. He has them drumming on logs, tapping sticks,
          harmonizing, amid much laughter. JANUSZ watches IRENA.
          Then he turns to SMITH.


          She's educated. Speaks good
          English. And French.


          That right.


          You don't like her, do you?


          Speak to Valka about her. He
          doesn't even think she's Polish.


          I did speak to him. And the
          others. They agree she comes with
          us.


          It's decided then?


          You disagree.


          Apart from food she'll slow us
          down. There's no room for
          sentimentality. You know that.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          And he turns, moving back to the fire with his load of
          wood.



          Refreshed and revived and laden with their supplies from
          the deer, they make their way along a narrow dirt track
          by the lake. IRENA is aware that the main opposition to
          her joining with them comes from VALKA and SMITH. SMITH
          she knows is the more important, and she tries to keep up
          with him. Occasionally catching his eye, she tries to
          charm him with a coquettish smile beyond her years.





          A river flowing into the lake presents an obstacle. They
          walk along the edge to where the river begins to narrow,
          but here it's still frozen, and a quick test with
          JANUSZ's staff shows it to be too thin to take their
          weight. They look upstream - a distant figure of a man,
          a hunter possibly, a shotgun over his shoulder, on their
          side of the bank. There's clearly no choice but to swim
          for it. They make hasty preparations, removing outer
          clothing, except shirts and trousers, tying their boots
          about their necks. IRENA watches.


          Can you swim?


          Yes, Mister.


          You wouldn't lie to me?


          I'm not lying, Comrade.
          That was a slip of the tongue, and SMITH is made uneasy
          by it.


          And don't call me, 'comrade'.
          With a shout the group plunge into the icy water,
          swimming one-handed, their packs held above water level
          in the other. It's only when they reach the other side
          they realize IRENA is still on the opposite bank. The 
          others urge her to swim across. She hesitates a moment
          then runs upstream to where the river is frozen.



                         

                         

                         

                         



          They watch in astonishment as in a series of leaps and
          bounds she's out on the ice heading for the opposite
          bank. Ice cracks beneath her feet and a couple of times
          it seems she'll fall in, but with a last great leap over
          a section of free-flowing water she makes it to the other
          side, hurrying down to join the others a broad smile on
          her face. She looks defiantly at SMITH. JANUSZ is
          worried about the man having seen them, and urges them to 
          follow him into the tree-line.





           They scramble up a steep, forested slope, with occasional 
           backward glances to see if the hunter is following. 
           There's no sign of him. 



           Some time later the group, still a little damp, walk by 
          the lake. IRENA walks beside SMITH whose long strides
          force her to jog occasionally to keep up. They swat at
          mosquitoes as they walk.


          Janusz tells me your family were
          Kulaks?


          Yes. Just a cow and some pigs.


          Were your parents arrested with
          you?


          They're dead.
          She swats at a few mosquitos hovering around her face.


          We lived on a farm outside Warsaw.
          When the Russians came they said
          we were 'kulaks', and exploiting
          the peasants. My parents were
          afraid and hid me in the barn.
          The mosquitos are getting worse and SMITH grabs swatches
          of leaves, passing one to IRENA as they walk on, swinging
          away at the annoying insects.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          I found them later. Face down in
          the mud. They'd been bashed and
          strangled with barbed wire.
          She looks up at SMITH, her eyes filling with tears.



                         

                         

                         

                         








          Later, the Russians caught me, and
          sent me to a collective farm.
          They were cruel to me. I ran
          away. I had no food. Then I saw
          you.


          They walk in silence a few paces, and she dries
          with the corner of her sleeve.


          You can't swim can you?
          She looks up at him.


          What?


          You've never been in the water in
          your life.
          She laughs coquettishly.


          But I got across, didn't I?


          And, you said you lived on a farm
          near Warsaw?
          IRENA puzzled.


          Yes.


          The Soviets didn't get that far.
          That was German territory.
          She nervously swats the mosquitos.


          Your parents weren't murdered were
          they? You made it all up.
          pinched,
          She won't look at him, her face looks thin and
          she seems older.


          We've all done terrible things to
          survive. But don't ever lie to me
          again. We've had enough of lies.



                         

                         

                         

                         



           She sneaks a glance back over her shoulder at the others,
           then up at SMITH. She nods.







          A fishing village by the lake. Timber houses straggling
          back up into the surrounding hills. From cover, they
          consider the obstacle.


          We'll have to go 'round it.


          Quicker through it.


          They'll have dogs. Raise the
          alarm. We wouldn't stand a chance


          We need food again, Pakhan.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          I know we need food, but we're not
          going into that town, risk
          everything.
          SMITH gets up.


          We're wasting time.
          He strikes off up a slope toward the hills behind the
          town.




                          
          The group make their way uphill and around the town.



          Their P.O.V. down to the few lights of the town and the
          lake glimmering in the moonlight. From the direction of
          the town - the sound of a dog barking in an agitated
          fashion.



          SMITH joins JANUSZ. Off his expression:




          What is it? What's wrong?


          Where's Valka?


          He was behind Zoran.




          Didn't you watch Valka?


          I'm not his keeper.


          Damn him!
          He looks back down to the town. 

                         

                         

                         

                         




          A dim light through a side window - the glimpse of a
          woman crossing through frame, followed shortly after by
          the weathered face of a fisherman. He's heard something.
          He crosses to the window, peers out into the darkness.
          The moment he turns away the camera moves on around the
          side to the rear of the building, past a rabbit in a
          cage. VALKA's shoulder comes into frame as he edges his
          way toward the back door, passing the sightless skull of
          a dried fish swinging from a cord under the eaves. He
          reaches for the door-handle, opens it, and slips silently
          inside.
          A111 EXT. TOWN, LAKESIDE - NIGHT Alll
           A view along a road to the town. (P.O.V. now on the 
          opposite side of town to that seen earlier.)




                          
           Theabove P.O.V. is that of the group waiting for VALKA.

                          
          Theysit by the roadside looking toward the town. They

                          
          swatat a cloud of mosquitoes.


          He could turn us in for the
          bounty.


          And risk arrest?


          He'd bribe his way out of it.




          Would he do that?


          He might.


          It's an opportunity. We're rid of
          him.


          We don't need his knife. We can
          make one from deer bone.


          Come on! Let's go!



                         

                         

                         

                         





          A movement behind them, they turn as VALKA steps out from
          behind a tree. He stares back at them a crooked grin on
          his face.


          So.
          SMITH moves swiftly, grabs him by his collar and spins
          him into the tree.


          Hey, easy cowboy!


          Could have got us all killed.


          You tear my coat


          Fool!
          He releases him and VALKA staggers back, reaching down to
          a bulging sack. He tips out the contents - various 
          foodstuffs including a freshly killed rabbit and a bottle
          of vodka.


          'Fool' is it?
          It's then they notice blood splashed over his trousers.


          What? Did I kill you ask? Yes.
          A dog.


          Don't believe me? So don't eat.
          But you will won't you? Because
          you want survival. I know about
          survival! All my life.
          He holds up the bottles of vodka, one half empty


          And it's my birthday!
          With a wild look in his eyes, he passes a bottle to
          JANUSZ, then flicks the side of his neck with his middle
          finger.


          In Russia that means we drink!

                         

                         

                         

                         




          TOMASZ tends the rabbit roasting on the fire, while the
          vodka bottle is passed hand to hand. When not drinking,
          the group are swatting at the persistent mosquitoes,
          ZORAN now badly bitten. VALKA doesn't seem bothered by
          the mosquitoes, perhaps tatoos keep them away, anyway
          he's feeling generally pleased with himself and is very
          talkative.


          You know when they put the
          children of the political
          prisoners in the orphanage, they
          change their names, so later, the
          parents can never find them.


          Is that what happened to you?


          
          I didn't have parents. But that's
          what happened to her.
          He passes IRENA the bottle. She glares back at him.


          Isn't it? You told me that.
          She glances at the puzzled faces of the others, finally
          looking at SMITH. He holds her gaze. Then she takes a
          slug of the vodka.


          They called me 'Rykov', but I
          remembered our Polish name -
          'Zulinski'. I used to say it
          every night before I went to
          sleep.


          The story you told us


          I thought that story would be more
          sad, and you wouldn't leave me
          behind.
          Again she looks at SMITH. She made a promise to him.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          My parents were Polish communists.
          They took us to live in Soviet
          Union - to Moscow. They want to
          work for the Revolution.


           1

                         

                         

                         

                         





          We lived in the Hotel Luxe with
          lots of foreign communists. But
          they arrested them. In 1937.
          Said they were spies. The police
          put me in the orphanage. And my
          brother. He died. I was ten
          years old.


          And you ran away.
          She nods. VALKA grinning proudly at her.


          She lived in the streets, like me!
          He breaks into one of his Urki songs. IRENA translates.


          It's about a mother complaining to
          her son that he's a thief, just
          like his father... it goes on and
          says, 'but if you are strong
           enough to fight 'til death - you
           will conquer fate'.
           She joins VALKA in the chorus.



           The mosquitos continue to plaguethem,swirling in clouds 
           about their heads, crawling intoears,eyes and mouths. 
           They have improvised headgear -coats,swatches of 
           leaves, improvised masks. Many are badly bitten, faces 
           swollen, bites infected. SMITH walks beside JANUSZ. 


           What can we do? Steal a boat? 


           No. 


           People are going to get ill. 


           I know. 


           After all we've faced, how 
           strange, these tiny insects might 
           defeat us. 

                         

                         

                         

                         



           The group collect potatoes in a ploughed field by the 
           lake. ZORAN can no longer take the mosquitoes, and to 
           the astonishment of the others, he runs toward the water, 
           shedding his coat as he goes, eventually diving into the 
           water and submerging himself. 



          From a concealed position in the trees they watch as half
          a dozen peasants walk by the lake. ZORAN studies them
          intently.




          No mosquitos.
          The others unsure of his meaning.


          They have no mosquitos!

                         

                         

                         

                         




          The group have by now a walking routine which they rarely
          vary, always occupying the same positions in extended
          line. JANUSZ as navigator in the lead, SMITH generally
          bringing up the rear. IRENA is the exception - varying
          her place, now with one, now with another. They don't
          talk much to each other as they walk but they do talk
          with her. She has the knack of getting anyone to talk.
          No doubt a skill learnt in her life on the streets.



           A small fire burns as TOMASZ cooks a fish stolen by 
           VALKA. The smoke from the fire is not enough to 
          alleviate the mosquito problem and the group swat in
          miserable silence. Suddenly SMITH throws dirt on the
          fire, suffocating it with his jacket. He points to the
          road.



          From their point of view a fisherman in his fifties, a 
          basket in a sling on his back, walks abreast of them on 
          the track.



          As he passes, ZORAN speaks in a whisper to JANUSZ.


          There it is! Again!
          JANUSZ mystified.


          Look at him.
          JANUSZ stares again at the man.


          No mosquitos!
          ZORAN is up and off before anyone can stop him. They
          watch in appalled silence as he approaches and speaks to
          the man, who regards this stranger appearing from the
          forest with some suspicion. ZORAN does a kind of crazy
          dance, talking all the while.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 4/23/09  70.


          Soon the man is laughing, and putting down his bag and
          gun he takes something from around his neck and places it
          on ZORAN's neck. A few more words, and more laughter,
          then with a handshake ZORAN heads back into the forest,
          the man continuing on his way. ZORAN rejoins them,
          holding up the gift from the old man - strands of
          intertwined bark.


          Mosquito repellent! And I have
          the formula!



          LATER. They all wear necklaces of the entwined bark and
          are mosquito free. ZORAN is the hero of the hour.


          But what did you say to him?


          That I was an escaped convict who
          was being plagued by mosquitos.
          As they round a bend and disappear from sight, TOMASZ's
          voice drifts back.


          Very funny. But what did you
          really say?


          JANUSZ scoops up a handful of water where it laps a
          beach. It's a symbolic end to their lake trek, and they
          turn and walk on, the lake behind them.



          In the far distance a large town dominated by a
          collection of smoke stacks, belching out columns of smoke
          into the sky, as the group hurry across open ground to
          the shelter of the forest.



          A rustic cart passes by. After it has gone the fugitives
          emerge from concealment and resume their journey. 

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 4/23/09  70aA.



          VOSS, ZORAN and TOMASZ talk of their pre-Gulag days with




          A small stone church in a
          little village. Very peaceful. I
          grew up in that village.
          Then, 


          I went on business. Once a
          year - government clients of
          course!
          Then, 


          .layers of very fine pastry, so
          when you bite there is a
          lightness, a delicacy - it should
          almost melt in the mouth.



          The group move at a brisk pace. IRENA walks beside





                         

                         

                         

                         





          And Tomasz is a pastry chef but
          wants to be an artist?


          Is that right?


          And Zoran was on business in
          Moscow, arrested in Red Square, he
          said he was just taking a photo of
          the Kremlin! He's an accountant.


          Well, I'll be damned. Never knew
          a funny accountant.


          Don't you talk to each other?


          In the camps you learn to say as
          little as possible.
           They walk on in silence, IRENA sneaking a look up at him.





          IRENA now walking with JANUSZ.


          Mr. Smith? An American? Working
          on the Moscow metro?




          He's an engineer. His father was
          Finnish. Grew up in America, but
          he could speak Russian.


          Why did he come to Russia for
          God's sake?


          The Depression. His son came with
          him.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/16/09  72.




          What happened to his son?


          They shot him. He was seventeen.



          The group fords a shallow stream when IRENA sees SMITH
          limp to a rock where he sits and inspects his blistered,
          bleeding feet IRENA kneels before him, dries his
          feet with her dress. The others watch silently as she
          tears strips from her petticoat and binds up the raw
          spots between his toes.



          The GROUP look down to see the railway track lined with
          villagers every few miles, making a crossing especially
          hazardous.


          The Mongolian border is on the
          other side of those tracks.
          Two ARMED SOLDIERS can be seen walking along the tracks.


          Can't we go around this?


          This is the main line. It's going
          to be like this everywhere.


          We don't have a choice.


          We cross at night.
          Their attention is caught by the passing of a long
          freight train, horn sounding over the bucolic scene.



          A visible tension in the group as they wait. VALKA
          whittles a piece of deer-bone.


          What's that you're making?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/16/09  72A.




          A cross for your tombstone.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          TOMASZ surprised at his tone.


          Why should you care what I'm
          making?
          The evening is hot and VALKA has his shirt open, the
          tattooed portraits of Lenin and Stalin on his chest
          appear and disappear in the folds of his shirt. This
          amuses ZORAN.


          Valka?


          What?


          Why do you have arseholes tattooed
          on your chest?
          VALKA stops. Stares back.


          Shouldn't they be on your arse so
          you sit on them every time you
          take a shit?


          You think it's funny? They are
          great men.
          ZORAN laughs.


          Watch your eyes, crowbait!
          He makes a 'V' with his fingers followed by a short 
          stabbing motion. ZORAN reels back.

                          


          Don't you know what 'Stalin' means
          funny man? Man-of-Steel. He
          takes from rich and gives to poor.


          Sure he does. Then he puts both
          of them in a camp for twenty-five
          years.
          VALKA goes back to his carving.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          JANUSZ stands on the tracks lookingdownthelinetoa
          cutting where the track disappearsaroundabend.The
          sound of an approaching train, a dim light already
          reflected on the side of the cutting. He turns and looks
          toward the trees where the others are approaching down a
          wooded hillside. He hurries toward them, urging them to
          take cover in the bracken beside the track. SMITH points
          out a glowing red light further down the track from the
          approaching train.



           The train thunders into the cutting with a squeal of 
           breaks as the driver sights the red light on the track 
           ahead, and the train slows to a stop. 



           Close on the faces of the escapees as they look up to the 
           carriages stopped in front of them. They are cattle- 
           cars, but its soon apparent their cargo is human. From 
           the high windows, hands can be seen clutching the bars.
           From inside a communal groaning and sighing. Voices, 
           female voices, cry out for water, and on the agonized 
           faces of the fugitives a mixture of pain and empathy.
           Then the train seems to sigh, like a great beast, and
           from beneath the carriages flow streams of blood and
           urine. As the distant light turns green the train slowly 
           moves forward, and as it does so, letters and notes drop
           to the tracks from the barred windows.
           After it is gone they scramble over the tracks into the 
           woods on the other side, all but VOSS. He is picking up 
          as many of the notes and letters as he can.


          Andrejs, for God's sake!
          VOSS slowly crosses the tracks, and disappears into the
          brush.



          VOSS, overwhelmed with emotion sits down, examining the
          letters and notes in his hand. JANUSZ hurries back for
          him. 



                         

                         

                         

                         







          Come on!
          But VOSS doesn't move. JANUSZ sits beside him, and VOSS
          passes him a sample of the prisoners' pathetic messages -
          some scrawled on the back of photographs. They are
          mostly names and addresses, pleas for someone to mail or
          inform relatives of what happened to them - some have
          even clipped a few bank-notes to pay for postage.





           Tall striped posts at intervals, strung with rusted wire -
          beyond, a dirt road and distant fields. From a concealed
          position in the nearby trees they carefully watch for
          signs of a patrol. JANUSZ goes first, passing easily
          through the sagging fence. ZORAN calls to him.




          What's it like in Mongolia?
          JANUSZ holds up a hand - 'Keep your voice down'. ZORAN
          crawls through the wire followed by the others.


          I love Mongolia.


          Love it later. We need to get as
          far from this border as possible.
          ZORAN faces Russia and as if bowing at the end of a
          performance.


          Thank you Mother Russia for your
          hospitality! I definitely will
          not be coming back!
          It's only then that we notice that VALKA has not crossed
          through. He stands staring at them from the Soviet side.
          It's clear he's going no further. JANUSZ crosses back to
          him, and they talk through the wire.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          They'll catch you if you stay, you
          know that.




          Prison is o.k. Debt is bad. But
          there are many prisons. They
          don't find me.
          They stand a moment, watching the others moving toward a
          line of trees.


          No, America?


          It's not for me - 'Freedom'.
          Wouldn't know what to do with it,
          I swear to God.
          He places his hand on the wooden hilt of his knife,
          sticking out of his waistband.


          So we must say goodbye, my Wolf
          and me.
          JANUSZ glances at the knife.


          You don't need him any more.


          Good luck, Valka.


          Good luck, Pakhan.
          And he turns and walks away. JANUSZ walks toward the
          distant group and by the time he looks back, VALKA is
          gone. 



          A vast plain stretches to distant snow-capped peaks.
          Dotted on the hills the Gers - circular tent-like
          structures, home to the nomadic Mongolians. In the
          distance walk the band of survivors, strung out in a line
          abreast. Their voices drift back - snatches of
          conversation., and laughter.

                         

                         

                         

                         






          The travellers striding confidently down the dirt road.
          Around a bend, a decorative archway over the road, a town
          visible a few miles further on. They stop in their
          tracks. On one side of the timber structure a portrait
          of Josef Stalin. On the other the local Mongolian
          leader, a red star on his military cap. In the centre,
          the hammer and sickle over a painting of a brown hand
          shaking a white one. Small flags of both nations flap
          ominously.
          CLOSE on the stunned faces of the fugitives.


          It's here too.


          This changes everything.
          IRENA looks at the grassy plains all about them.


          Nowhere to hide.





           The group walk toward a distant line of hills, feeling 
           very exposed to any watching eyes. 


           How far is China? 


           Five, six hundred kilometers. 
           ZORAN groans. 


           Is China free? 


           There's a war on with the 
           Japanese, I know that much. 


          After China is Tibet. Religious
          people. Buddhists.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          But isn't Tibet closed to
          foreigners? I remember reading
          that.


          Their religion would compel them
          to shelter us. We could go to
          Lhasa, the capital.


          We break out of one 'closed
          country' and now we plan to break
          into another? I like 'open'
          countries.
          TOMASZ and JANUSZ exchange a few excited words in Polish.
          IRENA translates.


          They say we could go beyond Tibet.
          Over the mountains. To India.


          What mountains?


          
          The Himalayas.


          We could join the British Army.
          First fight Nazis then Russians!


          Go over the Himalayas? How? On a
          magic carpet?
          A silence as they contemplate the massive distances
          stretching ahead of them.



          In the middle of an empty plain a small circular stone
          ruin.

                          

                         

                         

                         

                         





          Sleeping figures. A gentle tip-tapping sound. VOSS
          opens his eyes. Staring back at him from the doorway,
          half a dozen sheep. He nudges TOMASZ who wakes sleepily,
          takes his eye-line. Carefully, slowly, they rise, VOSS
          drawing his deer-bone knife. Then they move. The sheep
          retreat, bumping into each other, and outside the chase
          is on. TOMASZ tackles a ewe and VOSS approaches with a
          knife, but JANUSZ is behind him, grabs his arm.


          No! Andrejs, no!
          VOSS tries to free his arm.


          Don't kill it!


          Why not? We're hungry!


          You want the locals after us too?
          They break into Polish, a blazing argument, months of
          pent up frustration. VOSS picks up the sheep and carries
          it inside the ruin.



          Milk squirting into their aluminium bowl as VOSS expertly
          milks the ewe, IRENA and ZORAN holding it steady.



          The sun is blazing as they cross through a sea of grass,
          hills rising in the distance like islands.
          TOMASZ and ZORAN play a long distance walker's game -
          each in turn kicking a rock out ahead, continually
          passing it from one to the other.
          JANUSZ and SMITH look to the hills surrounding them as
          they walk.


          You feel it?


          Yes.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Feel what?


          We're being watched.
          IRENA uneasy, squints in the direction of the hills. And
          you can feel it. Like a John Ford western there's a
          sense of being in Indian territory, of their every move
          watched by unseen eyes.



           A distant view of a temple complex at the base of low 
          hills. 



           The above has been pointed out by VOSS to the group, and 
           they decide to make their way to the temple, in the hope 
           of getting food. 



          Within a walled compound they wander between a series of
          recently abandoned Buddhist temples and out-buildings.
          By the size of the compound, several hundred monks may
          have lived here. Everywhere are signs of violence -
          doors hang from hinges, and a large statue of Buddha lies
          smashed in a courtyard. JANUSZ points to a line of
          bullet impacts, stitched across a wall.



          There are bloodstains on the floor, and the wind howling
          about the building makes a haunting accompaniment. IRENA
          and VOSS are alone inside.


          What happened here?


          The same as happened in Russia.
          Churches closed, priests shot or
          taken to camps, religion banned.
          They came to my church, in Latvia.
          Destroyed everything, declared it
          a 'museum'. Later that night,
          there was a lone guard. A boy.





                         

                         

                         

                         






          I strangled him until his eyes
          popped right out of his head.
          Valka knew somehow. Knew I'd
          killed in cold blood.
          He bows his head. IRENA looks up at him, and they stand
          together in silence, but for the moaning wind.



          As they head South, each is lost in their own thoughts
          when seemingly out of nowhere a half-dozen Mongolian
          horsemen are galloping toward them. The horsemen circle
          them, far from friendly looks on their faces. They wear
          the traditional costume of Steppe nomads and range in age
          from a man in his seventies down to a six-year-old boy.
          The OLD MAN pulls up his horse in front of SMITH,
          figuring as he's the oldest he'll also be the leader.
          The groups stare at each other. The OLD MAN speaks in
          Russian, a rough guttural accent.




          Russki?
          A glance between SMITH and JANUSZ. Much may hang on his
          answer.


          No. American.
          The OLD MAN maybe doesn't get the 'American' part, but he
          gets that they are not Russian. He seems pleased about
          that.


          Lhasa?
          SMITH nods.


          Lhasa. Yes. Tibet.
          JANUSZ points South.


          Pilgrim?


          Yes.


          No horses?



                         

                         

                         

                         





          We are too poor to have horses.
          The OLD MAN points at IRENA.


          Wife?
          SMITH looks at IRENA.


          Daughter.
          IRENA moves closer to him. SMITH puts a protective arm
          about her shoulder. The OLD MAN considers the situation
          for a moment longer before abruptly turning, and followed
          by his band, galloping off toward the distant hills.
          Looks between the group, not exactly of relief, as
          there's a feeling it may not be the last they see of the
          riders. IRENA looks up at SMITH, smiles at him.
          Something about him calling her his daughter has touched
          some hidden place. SMITH, a little embarrassed, smiles
          back.



          While SMITH fishes in the river, others tend to their
          battered feet. VOSS passes around deer fat in his
          improvised deer skull container. This they rub over raw
          patches, and between their toes where deep cracks have
          developed. JANUSZ repairs their footwear, while TOMASZ
          sits by the fire sketching IRENA. ZORAN, the camp
          barber, trims hairs and beards



          TOMASZ is smoking fish over the fire as the group stir.
          He gives ZORAN a kick.


          What did you do that for? I was
          in the middle of this beautiful
          dream - just about to eat some
          salt, I could already taste it. I
          want to go back to that dream.



          The figures seen walking away in the distance. Floating
          back the voice of TOMASZ giving a recipe of a favorite
          Polish dish to ZORAN.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Then add two sprigs of rosemary
          and a pinch of nutmeg.


          Nutmeg? What about the salt?


          We'll get to that. Now, add the
          oil and leave it to marinate,
          while you prepare the chicken.
          That's where the salt comes in...


          Good.


          Rub it into the skin of the
          chicken with a little of the
          paprika.


          Double the salt.


          I can't just double the salt!
          It'll be too salty.


          I don't care, just do it.


          I'm not going to ruin it.



           A primaeval and austerely beautiful landscape stretches 
          before them. Tufty knolls of dry grass are the only
          detail that break up the flat immensity.


          Up ahead of them on the edge of a ridge a lone Mongolian
          horseman watches them approach. He's the young boy from
          the group of horseman who originally approached them.
          They pause before him. He looks at them a moment then
          tosses a goatskin bag at their feet before galloping off
          in the direction from which they came. VOSS picks up the
          skin bag, gives it a shake. Water.
          They continue on to the edge of the ridge and a view of a 
          vast desert plain is revealed. 



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/16/09  84.


          They look back to the disappearing horseman before
          scrambling down the rocky slope.



          The group crossing into the heart of the Gobi.



          VOSS is the first to see it - a vast glittering lake.
          They hurry toward it.


          The lake leads them on, but appears no closer.


          JANUSZ has taken a reading of the sun, using his stick
          method. He points out their direction - it is away from
          the beckoning lake.


          Janusz!
          JANUSZ hesitates, looks at VOSS who holds up their water-
          bag.


          We should go to the lake. Water
          is getting low.


          What lake? It's a mirage.
          He plods on, away from the shimmering vision. There's
          little the others can do but trust JANUSZ, and slowly
          they follow.



          The sun is directly above, the land shimmering with heat
          The group have stuck their sticks in the ground and
          draped their jackets over them, making a sunshade they
          SHELTER under.

                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/16/09  85.


          The sun has dropped, casting shadows. JANUSZ rises from
          the shelter and calls for the others to continue.



          The figures, tiny in the surrounding desert, walk on,
          JANUSZ in the lead needing to constantly slow down to
          allow the others to catch up.



          The group hesitate on hearing a distant roaring sound up
          ahead. Nothing on the horizon. Then they are hit by a
          fierce wind, as toward them rolls a vast cloud of sand.
          They drop to the ground instinctively, and huddled
          together throw blankets around their shoulders and over
          their heads, as they are engulfed in the choking sand.
          LATER, they emerge from their own 'dune', and shaking 
          themselves down they resume their journey southward. 



          The temperature has dropped to freezing and they huddle
          by a fire, picking sand out of their small ration of
          food.


          I'm too tired to sleep.


          Why not keep walking?


          I'm for that, if we can wake
          Andrejs.
          They look to where VOSS sleeps.


          He can sleep anywhere, any time.
          How does he do it?




          Can you plot your way by the
          stars?



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/16/09  85A.




          
          Yes, but haven't you noticed?
          He points upward to the low clouds obscuring the stars.


          What about water?


          What about it?



                         

                         

                         

                         






          I don't see any. I'm trying to
          remember my school geography but I
          seem to recall the Gobi Desert
          somewhere in Southern Mongolia.
          JANUSZ begins scooping out a hole in the pebbly ground.
          It's funnel-shaped, narrow at the base. The others watch
          as he lines the sides with dried deerskin, placing their
          cooking pot in the base.


          We may pick up a little morning
          dew.
          Glad of something practical to do they all set about
          digging and lining holes with anything to hand.



          As they wake, they harvest the precious droplets of water
          caught overnight, trickling the contents into their pot,
          barely a quarter cupful.



          No-one has slept much and they walk like zombies, strung
          out in a line, no-one speaking, all just dully
          concentrating on placing one foot after the other. ZORAN
          notices VOSS, walking behind him is actually asleep. He
          has swung his backpack onto his chest and with his head
          resting on it he is actually sleep-walking. ZORAN tests
          his theory by walking away from the group, in a small
          circle. VOSS follows, guided by the sound of ZORAN's
          footsteps. He wakes him, VOSS looking around with a
          start.


          You were asleep!


          No I wasn't.


          You were following the sound of my
          footsteps - sleep-walking.
          The others have stopped. ZORAN takes the backpack from
          VOSS, and places it on the exhausted IRENA.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Just follow the sound of my
          footsteps.
          She nods, not fully understanding.


          Put all else out of your mind, and
          sleep. I'll wake you in Calcutta.
          She smiles, nods, already half asleep.



          ZORAN looks over his shoulder, smiles proudly as he sees
          IRENA is sleep-walking, trusting to the steady sound of
          his footsteps.



          The group rest under the meagre shade provided by their
          coats. SMITH walks away from them, and crests a slight
          rise. From here he has a clear view to the horizon. Off
          in the distance a dark patch against the light sand.
          Through the dancing mid-day light he sees shapes. Trees?
          He staggers back to the group.


          Janusz?
          JANUSZ follows him to the rise. SMITH points to his
          discovery. JANUSZ squints against the light.


          It's another mirage.
          SMITH shakes his head 'no'.


          We have no more water. I see
          trees. Where there's trees
          there's water.


          It's East. We must head South.
          The others have joined them, staring toward the distant
          shape.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          I've never doubted you, Janusz.
          Not once. But we must give it a
          try.


          No. We must keep going South!
          You'll kill us all!


          Damn it, we're already dying.
          JANUSZ goes to move on, SMITH grabs his shirt sleeve, a
          short pathetic struggle sees them fall to their knees,
          VOSS and TOMASZ move to separate them. SMITH is the
          first to stand, brushing sand and dirt from his clothes.
          He turns to the others.


          You have a choice.
          He looks at IRENA, then turns and goes back for his staff
          and jacket. The others watch as he turns East toward his
          discovery.


          It's a mirage. Just a mirage.
          SMITH keeps walking away - a strange echo of the incident
          in Siberia when he walked away from the guards. Perhaps
          it is this memory that causes the others to turn
          silently, and collecting their few possessions, to follow
          him. JANUSZ watches a while, then slowly follows.



          Close on SMITH as he squints against the glare. His
          point of view:






          Close on TOMASZ as he stares ahead of him. His point of







                         

                         

                         

                         




          Close on ZORAN. His point of view:




          Back on ZORAN.


          Mirages don't have birds!
          Wider, and they're running, running with the last of
          their precious energy.



          A clump of straggly tortured trees surround a desert well
          - a low square of ancient stones. They sprawl by the
          well, SMITH reaching down inside with their bowl to bring
          up a scoop of crystal clear water. It's passed around
          rapidly.


          Just a little. Don't fill
          yourselves.
          More scoops follow in quick succession, enough to splash
          hands and faces.
          VOSS calls from a few yards away.


          Fire. Coals are still warm.
          SMITH and JANUSZ join him, examining the ground about the
          fire.


          Lots of tracks. Nomads?


          Maybe others will come?


          Over here! The remains of a meal!
          There's still meat on the bones!
          He points to the cooked remains of some animal. Using
          VOSS's deer-bone knife he scrapes meat from the bones,
          others just attacking any bone they find.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Don't eat it all!
          He manages to save at least half of the meat, wrapping it
          in a cloth, and putting it in VOSS's backpack.



          They lie stretched out under the shade of the trees
          dozing, and every now and then going back to the well to
          drink or just to lay their hands in the cool water.



          IRENA sleeps while the men discuss their situation in
          hushed tones.


          At least we have water here.


          But no food.


          Other nomads will come. Water
          their flocks.


          When? Next week? Next month?


          We could wait a few days, at
          least.


          Without food, we'll only get
          weaker. Maybe too weak to travel.


          These last days - I don't know
          that I could go through that
          again.


          
          It was a miracle finding this.
          Can we count on another?


          I say we stay.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          They look to SMITH. He looks up to find them watching
          him.


          What are you looking at me for?
          Ask Janusz. He's already made up
          his mind for us, haven't you,
          Janusz?
          JANUSZ says nothing.



           They all take a last drink from the well, then pour water
           over their faces and clothes. VOSS fills the skin water-
           bag, then ZORAN fills their cooking bowl to the brim.
          Steamis rising from their damp clothing when they set
          off. ZORAN walking on tip-toe, anxiousnot to spill a
          dropfrom the bowl in his outstretchedhand.



           Close on TOMASZ as he looks back over his shoulder to






          Close on ZORAN as he too turns for a last look at:






          Close on VOSS, he shades his eyes to see:









          They walk in a desert void. There are no features, no
          distant hills, no growth of any kind. It is an
          emptiness, the only sound that of their footsteps and
          their labored breathing.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          All the while their water supply is dwindling - water
          from ZORAN's bowl long gone, the goat-skin water-bag no
          longer sloshes, but has to be squeezed to get out even a
          mouthful.



          JANUSZ hands out small portions of the scavenged meat
          from the waterhole.
          All of them are subject to cramps, the result of the lack
          of water, and from time to time they are seen reacting to
          a sudden bolt of pain, attempting to stretch against it,
          or massage the limb out of its paralysis.


          SMITH and JANUSZ collect more dried camel dung for the
          fire. SMITH looks to where the others sit.


          We're in trouble.


          I know that, but they mustn't.


          They know.


          You can survive a month or more
          without food, but water?


          Days?


          Maybe two days, maybe less in this
          heat.


          What about what we're getting from
          condensation?


          It's the only thing keeping us
          alive. But for how long?


          Can you get us back to the
          waterhole?



                         

                         

                         

                         





          As they walk VOSS picks up a pebble, holds it up to show
          ZORAN who walks behind him.


          When we worked the fields, during
          the hot summers, we used to suck
          on small stones like these. Don't
          know why but it made us feel less
          thirsty.
          ZORANpicks up a pebble.


          We've eaten just about everything
          else.


          You don't eat it, just suck on it.
          At this moment IRENA falls again, her knees buckling and
          her face pitching into the sand in almost one movement.
          They turn her over again, wiping the sand from her nose
          and mouth. SMITH makes a shelter over her with their
          sticks and jackets. She lies with her eyes closed, her
          breathing coming in harsh gasps. Both legs are now
          swollen to the knees. He touches the swelling and the 
          marks his fingers make remain for some seconds.


          Sunstroke?
          IRENA wakes.


          I'm becoming a nuisance.
          She looks down at her legs.


          Do they hurt you?


          No, not at all. They must be
          swelling because I've walked so
          far. Don't you think, Mister?
          SMITH nods reassuringly then quickly turns away, a look 
          of deep anguish passing across his face. 

                         

                         

                         

                         





          The others keep watch over her as she sleeps. SMITH
          passes around a splash of water in the cup. They all
          refuse it.


          Save it for Irena. We've got our
          pebbles.
          And he pops one in his mouth, makes out it's delicious
          and soothing.
          In the now familiar ritual they scoop out holes in the
          sand, lining them with their jackets, hopeful of
          collecting a little moisture overnight.



          They walk on, ZORAN carefully carrying the partly filled
          bowl of water. IRENA seems refreshed, but JANUSZ and
          SMITH walk beside her, watching her every step.


          I can walk alright if I can lean a
          little on you.
          They each lightly lay a hand on her elbow.



          IRENA starts to fall forward, they steady her, and she
          walks on for a bit before slumping forward, and falling
          to her knees. SMITH too falls with exhaustion. VOSS
          hurries back to them.


          Can you go on?


          I think so. But what about Mr.
          Smith?
          SMITH struggling for breath is back on his feet, waving
          them on. VOSS and JANUSZ each put an arm about her and
          half-carrying, half-dragging her, they set off again but
          it's no use, she's lost all her strength.


          I'm going to carry her.



                         

                         

                         

                         





          A lizard, in close up, listens to an approaching sound.
          As the volume builds he runs for his life. A beetle too,
          has heard it and burrows into the sand as a foot in a
          battered moccasin looms large in frame. We follow the
          foot a few staggering steps, then a blur, as a body falls
          through frame, ending in a close-up of TOMASZ, his breath
          coming in short gasps.



          The five figures, small in frame, TOMASZ the last in
          line, down on his knees. He raises a hand, hasn't the
          strength to call out. Then one of the figures sees him,
          calls to the others.
          CLOSE on TOMASZ.
          He pulls the leg of his trousers up with difficulty - the
          tell-tale swelling of the ankles, just as with IRENA. As
          JANUSZ approaches he quickly covers his legs and staggers
          to his feet. JANUSZ steadies him, and taking his arm
          they continue.



          As they walk the landscape changes from the endless
          scrubby plain to sweeping sand dunes. The nature of the
          terrain makes the going slower and they move forward on
          the edge of exhaustion. In a curious freak of Nature the
          wind whips across the top of the dunes creating an eerie
           singing sound. Ahead, and across their path a massive 
           dune - no way forward but over it. TOMASZ looks up, 
           staring in horror - 


           The dune is moving, rising up, higher and higher, like a 
           massive sand wave.
           Back on TOMASZ. He collapses, unconscious. 



           An eerie, ghostly twilight, the group all sitting 
           together in a rough circle around TOMASZ. He seems to 
          revive as he passes around sketches he's made during
          their imprisonment and escape.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          It's an almost cheerful scene, like a traveller showing
          happy snaps taken on holiday.


          I like this one. When did you do
          that?
          He holds up a sketch of KAZIK, showing him examining one 
          of his battered shoes.


          On the train. Poor Kazik, always 
          the trouble with his feet. 
          ZORAN holds up a drawing of himself.


          Who's this?


          You.
          ZORAN looks at it again genuinely shocked.


          My father maybe, but is that
          how I look now?
          A chuckle from the others.
          SMITH stares at a sketch of IRENA.


          You caught her smile. 
          SMITH passes the sketch to JANUSZ as TOMASZ lays back
          down, a smile on his face. He looks up at the stars. He
          knows he's dying and has accepted the fact. This in turn
          has given strength to his friends, and between them all
          is a feeling of love and a kind of peace.



          They've tied his pencil to a length of hide, and hung it
          from the top of the cross over his grave. A faint breath
          of morning breeze sets it swinging like a pendulum, the
          others long gone.



          As they stagger on JANUSZ has moved well out in front,
          when he stumbles and falls. Then he sees it, just out
          ahead, and he begins crawling toward it.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          It's the hedge and gate from his vision. Behind the
          hedge the hint of a roof. Through the gate can be seen
          the path to the front door.



          JANUSZ crawling faster now, when ZORAN appears beside
          him.


          Do you see it?


          Come on, Jan.


          But do you see it?


          No.
          He helps him to his feet and they continue on.



          In the glare of the noon-day sun they shelter under
          their coats propped on their walking staffs. No-one
          speaks.



          SMITH and JANUSZ support each other as they stagger on.
          SMITH's eyes are on the ground, following the dancing
          shadows before him. JANUSZ nudges him, points - above
          them two magnificent eagles, the source of the shadows.


          Eagles live in mountains.
          SMITH looks at the featureless landscape ahead.


          They also fly long distances.



          The dunes are more intermittent here, the ground more
          stony and undulating.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          VOSS hears it first, and with his remaining strength
          moves out of the circle of firelight into the desert. He
          pauses, listens again.
          A scraping sound. Then he sees them coming out of the
          gloom - JANUSZ dragging an unconscious SMITH by his
          shoulders. VOSS hurries to them. A look from JANUSZ -
          'water'? VOSS shakes his head, 'No'.



          A black snake, thick as your wrist, slides over ZORAN'S
          leg. He stares, too close to death to feel fear. He's
          not even entirely sure it's real. He watches its
          progress as it slithers up the rocky hillside. Then he
          gets it, and he's up, running on pure adrenaline,
          following after the snake, leaving his sleeping
          companions by the fire.



          ZORAN tracking the snake. He mutters to himself in a
          kind of delirium. He is crawling after the snake,
          scraping skin from knees and elbows. The snake disappears
          down into a rocky defile, followed by ZORAN.



          SMITH in a death-like sleep. A distance away VOSS and
          JANUSZ stand, staring upward at the waving figure some
          fifty metres up the hill. A native? Black mud obscures
          his face. It's ZORAN. He waves, dances about, then in a
          cracked voice, a single word drifts down to them.


          Water!



          ZORAN, JANUSZ, VOSS - lie flat out like lizards, their
          faces in damp, black mud. Sucking sounds. They slurp at
          small pools of water, split lips, puffed and bleeding.
          At first, just to swallow is painful, but it is life.
          After each mouthful there is a moment they must wait as
          the seepage re-fills the little hollows.

                         

                         

                         

                         





          They've carried SMITH to the water and JANUSZ supports
          him in a sitting position while VOSS and ZORAN, in turn,
          soak their shirts in the mud, dripping the life-giving
          liquid into SMITH'S mouth. He coughs, splutters, as he
          sucks at the moisture.



          A black snake protruding about a foot out of a hole in
          the sandy soil. ZORAN points, and is joined by JANUSZ
          and VOSS. JANUSZ holds his hand up for them to go very
          still. He speaks in a whisper.


          Knife .
          VOSS passes him the deer-bone knife. With it, he splits
          the end of his staff, to make a fork out of the end.


          What if it's poisonous?


          You can still eat it. Just cut
          off its head.
          He passes the knife to VOSS, then creeps toward the
          creature, and striking quickly he attempts to trap the
          snake in the fork. Too slow. The snake disappears into
          its hole.



          Like snake-fishermen, they sit waiting bythe snake-hole
          - ZORAN too, has a snake-catching stick. Then they see a
          second snake, slithering across the rocks. At a signal
          they strike, ZORAN deftly trapping the snake's head in
          the cleft stick.



          Chunksofwhitish snake meat are cooking on a thin flat
          stoneovera fire of twigs and grass. The men grab
          piecesofthe snake and eat, nodding approval.


          It's not bad.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 2/25/09  103.


          JANUSZ helps SMITH sit up, feeding him a small piece of
          meat. SMITH waves him away, sinking back to the ground
          too tired to eat.


          Kind of like chicken.


          Yeah, a long black poisonous
          chicken with no legs.


          You know Valka talked of eating
          each other? In Siberia?


          He did? Would you have eaten me?


          Probably.


          I would never have eaten you - too
          stringy and bitter, I'd rather eat
          snake.
          VOSS nearly chokes on something, reaches into his mouth,
          pulls out a tooth.


          Scurvy.





          The fire burns low, VOSS and ZORAN sleep. SMITH wakes
          from time to time and JANUSZ forces him to eat and drink.
          SMITH is deathly pale, his life ebbing away. He speaks
          in short, croaky stabs, every breath an effort.


          It can kill you, remember?
          JANUSZ puzzled.


          'Kindness'.
          JANUSZ tries to force more water on him but SMITH waives
          him away.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                         






          How long can you survive on snakes
          and mud? You should leave me, but
          you can't can you? You're a fool.
          I'd leave you.
          He lays back down. JANUSZ studies his face, pain and
          suffering etched in sharp lines.


          Mister?


          What?


          I mightn't know youur first name,
          but I know your son's name.
          SMITH stares at him.


          Irena told you.
          JANUSZ nods.


          Can I say his name?
          Nothing from SMITH.


          'David'.


          Saying his name on't bring him
          back.
          He struggles onto his elbow, staring intently at JANUSZ,
          an ironic smile on his lips.


          You trying to give me the will to
          live? That it? Stop me giving
          up?


          Are you giving up?


          In the camps, some saw death as
          'freedom'.



                         

                         

                         

                         
           Revised 3/16/09  105.




          So why didn't you kill yourself?


          Survival was a kind of protest.
          JANUSZ makes him take a little water.


          Now being alive is my punishment.


          Punishment for what?


          I brought David to Russia didn't




          And no-one can forgive you? And
          you can't forgive yourself?


          Be easier if I had religion, or a
          home to go back to, like you.


          For us, the old life is gone.
          They sit in silence for a while.


          Irena told me they tortured your
          wife and she informed on you.


          Yes.


          They did that to my boy.




          My wife was released, that much I
          know. She lived, but like you she
          won't be able to forgive herself.
          Only I can do that.
          He leans closer to SMITH, speaks just above a whisper,
           his voice intense, his eyes burning.


           She'll torture herself for what
           she did. Just like you. That's
           why I have to get back!



                         

                         

                         

                         




          This last, has impressed SMITH, and despite his death-
          wish a flicker of life surges through his bones.



          Next morning, and the figures of the four men are seen in
          wide-shot sleeping by the embers of their fire. One
          figure gets up, picks up his staff, and begins to walk
          slowly South, toward the distant mountains. It's SMITH.
          The others stir, their attention caught by the sight of
          SMITH staggering onward. JANUSZ knows what the effort to
          walk is costing him, and he knows this is SMITH's gift to
          him. They hurriedly pack up, VOSS cramming the back-pack
          with roasted snake-meat, ZORAN collecting a last bowl of
          water, which he pours carefully into their goatskin water-
          bag.



          JANUSZ catches up with SMITH, giving him his arm in
          support, and together they slowly continue their journey
          Southward.



          They leave the desert behind as they climb gently rising
          ground.


          The survivors each seen alone as they experience the life-
          giving water: one simply lets water run though his
          fingers; another submerges himself entirely; one drinks,
          savoring every mouthful as if it were the finest vintage
          wine. SMITH fishes. Beside him several of his catch
          gleam silver in the light.





           Walking abreast they head toward a pass between two 
           massive mountains - in the distance gleaming snow-capped 
           peaks rise even higher. 

                         

                         

                         

                         





          They sleep, huddled together amongst the stony rubble.
          It is snowing. VOSS is the first to rise. He looks
          about him in disbelief, shakes the others awake,
          pointing. Just beyond where they've slept a high wall
          towers above them. In this extreme Western section it's
          in poor shape - not built of stone, but of ancient mud
          bricks, tumbled down in many places, but to the East the
          outline is distinct as it straggles over ridges to the
          horizon - the Great Wall of China.



           They enter through a keyhole-like opening formed by
           collapsed masonry, now dressed in their cold weather
          clothing.



          From high above a series of aerial shots take us over a
          massive snow covered mountain range. 



          The men climb steadily up snow-covered hills, pausing at
          a cairn of stones covered with tiny flags.


          Tibetan?
          They move on with renewed energy.



          CLOSE on the deeply lined face of a SHEPHERD. He wears
          Tibetan costume and squints his eyes as he stares into
          the distance.
          From his P.O.V., four distant figures walking across the
          snowy plain toward him. The sound of dogs barking.



          Far below in a valley lies the legendary Lhasa - the
          stepped palace and surrounding town burnished by the last
          of the golden light. A sprinkling of lights come on as
          the shadows lengthen.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          Above and beyond, like a massive wall, rise the snow-
          capped peaks of the Himalayas. This has been theview
          stretching out before the four fugitives andtheirtour-
          guide, the old shepherd. As if pointing outthechoice
          confronting them, he labels each of these spectacular
          features.




          Lhasa LHA-SA!
          Then, indicating 'over' the mountains -




          In dumb-show, he mines that the mountains would be very
          cold.



          Three horses arrive at the door of the lonely hut and its
          associated outbuildings. THE SHEPHERD dismounts and with
          much bowing opens the door for two other Tibetans who
          follow. One is a LPMA, the other a local OFFICIAL. They
          stoop as they enter - a glimpse inside to where the four
          survivors sit at a table, surrounded by bowls and plates
           of food. 



          The LAMA and the OFFICIAL sit opposite the group. Tea is
          served. The official speaks English with difficulty, and
          as in Mongolia, he addresses the elder of the group - MR.




          India? Yes. There is the track
          to Sikkim, over the mountains.
          Many people go there.


          And food?


          Small villages there. They give
          food. Wood for fire. Yes, but
          you don't go now.
          CLOSE on JANUSZ, intensely following the conversation.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Why can't we go now?


          If big snow come - very difficult.
          You wait here until Spring. This
          family keep you.
          He confers with the LAMA.




          That's three months.


          
          He go to Lhasa. Get permission
          for to stay. Only to Spring. Not
          possible foreigners stay Tibet.
          SMITH bows his head, mutters thanks, all of the group
          doing likewise.



          THE SHEPHERD has seen JANUSZ, ZORAN and VOSS to their
          quarters. He passes VOSS a battered oil-lamp and retires
          with much bowing. They settle on the straw covered
          floor, laying out their heavy wool fleeces and blankets
          given to them by the shepherd's wife.


          Well, we can't cross in Winter.


          He said it was 'difficult'.
          SMITH comes in, and they make room for him in the cramped
          space.


          I'm going to sleep 'till Spring.
          Like a bear in a cave. What about
          you, Mister?
          SMITH settles with his back to the wall, draws up his
          sheepskin.


          I'm going to Lhasa.
          The others are stunned by this.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          The Lama has a contact - maybe get
          me out through China. There's a
          U.S. military mission there.
          They don't like it. A feeling he's deserting them,
          breaking up the team.


          'Looking after number one.' Isn't
          that what Americans say?


          Zoran?
          ZORAN eventually looks at him.


          We escaped. We made it.
          VOSS blows out the lamp. Silvery moonlight from a small
          window.


          He's right. I just realized it.


          Realized what?


          Apart from a few mountains, we're
          there. We made it.


          Not all of us.


          No. Not all of us.
          Their thoughts drift back to their lost companions.


          What will you do, Mister? When
          you get home.


          'Home'?


          Build metros?


          Might drift for a while.



                         

                         

                         

                         






          Haven't you had enough of that?
          CLOSE on JANUSZ, hardly listening, his thoughts
          elsewhere. Their late-night conversation drifts over
          him.


          I will fight. First Germans, then
          Russians.


          Then re-build your church?


          I will die fighting.
          This statement has an oddly prophetic sound. JANUSZ look
          across at him.


          I'm going to get Tomasz's pictures
          to a newspaper, or get them
          published somehow. Then I'm going
          to cook his chicken - but with
          extra salt just to annoy him.
          Chuckles from the group. 


          And you, Janusz? 


          As long as the Communists are in 
          Poland, he can't go back. 


          They'd shoot you wouldn't they, 
          Janusz? 
          They settle down to sleep, outside the wind is picking 
          up. 


          I'll just keep on going. Until
          it's over. Keep on walking.
          SMITH looks through the gloom to where JANUSZ sits -
          moonlight slashes the side of his face, but he can't
          quite see his eyes.
          CLOSE on JANUSZ. He's wide awake. No thought of sleep.

                         

                         

                         

                         







          ZORAN and VOSS agitated at the discovery that JANUSZ has
          gone. Much coming and going in and out of the hut,
          checking that he isn't somewhere close by. Only SMITH
          remains undisturbed as he sits with his back against the
          wall, the ghost of a smile on his lips. He expected
          nothing less. 



          Up ahead a figure, JANUSZ, dwarfed by the mountain chain,
          struggles on, climbing toward the snow-capped passes.



          As he climbs he hears a cry, mingling with that of the
          wind - a voice echoing about the mountains. He ignores
          it for a few paces, before he looks back - far below two
          figures waving and calling - VOSS and ZORAN.



          The change from the barren mountains of Tibet, to the
          lush green of Sikkim is abrupt and startling - from rocky
          upper reaches the slope to the valley becomes rich in
          scrubby birch-woods, rhododendrons, and deciduous forest,
          until finally it becomes dense rain forest. It is with a
          backdrop of this luxuriant green that Indian faces look
          up toward the slopes. Here they watch three wild looking
          bearded men descending toward them. The additional cost
          of this final leg of their journey is plainly visible on
          their faces, and in their slow stumbling movements. They
          walk like automatons, only their senses fully alive.
          Shouts from the locals produce a village ELDER, then a
          POLICEMAN. Older children squeal with delight, while
          some of the very young cry out in fear, one even bursting
          into tears - are these the dreaded Yeti their
          grandfathers told them lived up in the mountain peaks?



          Close on JANUSZ, VOSS, and ZORAN as the beaming POLICEMAN
          escorts them past dozens of smiling faces.



                         

                         

                         

                         




          This being India, a small crowd of the curious rapidly
          swells, until the path is lined two and three deep on
          either side, like a welcoming crowd at the end of a
          marathon. Small children are held up for a better look,
          while hands reach out patting their backs and shoulders -
          it's as if they know these men have achieved something
          remarkable.
          Close on JANUSZ, as amongst the sound of the gathering
          crowd other voices join in, cheering voices, hundreds of
          them, rising in volume until the cheering changes into
          that of a chant, now seemingly swelled by thousands of
          voices. Still CLOSE on JANUSZ walking as behind him the
          Indian scene dissolves into a series of black and white
          images. (Throughout, the image of JANUSZ walking is from
          this scene in India).




          JANUSZ walking.




          JANUSZ walking.






          JANUSZ walking.




          JANUSZ walking.






          JANUSZ walking.






          JANUSZ walking.




          JANUSZ walking.

                         

                         

                         

                         




          The camera moves toward a gate in a hedge. The click of
          the latch as it opens. A downward view of the
          flagstones. The front door, the camera pans left. The
          loose brick. A hand into frame removes a key from behind
          the brick. Into the lock of the door, the door pushed
          open.



          A WOMAN sitting by a window. She's in her early
          seventies, and she looks up expectantly on hearing the
          door closing in the hallway. At the entrance to the room
          appears a young man in Polish cavalry uniform - YOUNG
          JANUSZ, as he was just before the war. He smiles at his
          wife. Cut back to the seat by the window to see his
           pretty YOUNG WIFE, as she was back in 1939. YOUNG
           JANUSZ, smiling broadly, crosses toward her. Cut back to
          his WIFE of 1989 - on her face there are lines of
           suffering which fade as she smiles up at him. She's
           waited a long time for him to come home. On JANUSZ now
           as he sits opposite her, and for the first time we see
          him as he is in 1989 - also in his early seventies.
           Without a word he reaches across the table and takes her
          hand in his.




